sw2617.txt:Uh I have uh I guess a lot of thoughts about the Vietnam War um. I I guess I feel like I was pretty young while it was going on. And so there's probably a lot of things I remember and a lot of things that I really didn't have a clue as to what was happening. Yeah. Um looking back like maybe some of the things that I know now I I'm not sure I do believe it was worth the cost in dollars and lives. That was one of the questions that she asked us to think about. Because I because we never went to war. I don't think we were committed to winning it and getting out. And I I feel like it went on and on. <SEP> Right. And I I guess I see such a contrast like as opposed to the Middle East War we just had where President Bush went out and got worldwide support for for what was happening. Right. You know I just feel like maybe we went in to be policeman. And I'm not sure that's our role. But. <SEP> Yeah. I I agree with that. I was I was fairly young at the time too. I I really don't have very many memories about it at all in fact. Uh-huh. And uh my husband is a Vietnam veteran. And i- you know he in looking at the Persian Gulf war that just went on he. I- it frustrates him because of the support that they have and the support that the Vietnam vets did not have from the people or the administration either one. Don't you think that maybe that's why we had it this time? I mean I do think that i- i- it's been too long in coming. But I feel like maybe the American people and and the government are aware of the things that we did wrong that we didn't support that that those. <SEP> Right. So many people were opposed to the war. What it translated into was they were opposed to the folks that were there fighting it. And those guys were there doing their duty. That's right. I mean they weren't there by choice. And and. Yeah. And I I think that we learned from that. And I think it it's one of those things that you learn the hard way. It was a tragic mistake. <SEP> Right. The way that they have been treated over the years and I believe that's just now turning around. Just now you know trying to be rectified. And I'm and I'm not sure you can undo the damage that was done emotionally on so many of the people. Right. <SEP> No. I don't think you can. And I I agree with you that I I think that the the time difference between the two wars has allowed a lot of people to see the mistakes that were made in in in every aspect of it. And I I agree with you also that I feel like it was not worth the money spent or the lives lost to fight that war. I mean they're still not settled over there. No. They're not. And I have a feeling that the Persian Gulf crisis is going to be the same way. Yeah. <SEP> I think we're going to end up back there in a few years or if if not sooner. Well I I appreciate the fa-. I feel like President Bush is in a hard spot. He went over there to get them out of Kuwait which he did. Uh-huh. And then he has backed out. He has pulled out. And I realize they're still saying well here you're encouraging us to get rid of Saddam Hussein. So why aren't you helping us? And you see I think him going in and doing that would be putting us in another Vietnam situation. <SEP> I think it would too. And I don't think the U S will stand for it. I don't think he would do that. No. Uh I think we learned too much of the effects. <SEP> Yeah. I agree with that. Uh you know whether it was justified or not I know that they probably felt like we were going in for a good cause. I I feel like maybe they felt like we were doing the right thing to try and help maintain the democracy over there and and beat the communism. Uh-huh. But but I think somewhere that got lost. You know in the long term effects of the of the war. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And. We- you have to i- you know you have to give Bush a lot of credit for he he said that's what we were going there to do. And he did what what he said. And he did pull out before it got any further than that where where it would have turned into more of a police action. Uh or more of a political action I guess you getting into their governmental affairs which you really can't do as as another country. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I mean th- my my biggest problem with all of these wars is we spend all of that money on all these other countries. And we have so many problems here at home that we don't address. That we don't get fixed. <SEP> That's right. I know. And and tha- that's what frustrates me more than anything. And I I believe that we have to have a military. And I believe that we have to have a defense to keep anybody else from walking in and doing it to us. <SEP> Right. But I also believe that we need to turn so much of that inward. I think there's a lot of waste. And and they don't i- if they could just cut out all the fat and and get it lean and start addressing some of the other issues. I think we could take care of everything. And quit taking care of all these other countries all across the world you know who just end up using things against us later on anyway. Ye-. <SEP> I know. I do think that in the Middle East war um. I think that maybe a lot of the Arab countries that were so hateful towards the United States have come away with uh kind of a different attitude. Uh-huh. Uh I think that maybe we're not their big bad enemy any more. <SEP> Right. An uh and I think that's good you know. Yeah. I think that's a good. <SEP> Yeah. A lot of good has come from this one. I think so too. And I think I guess in in uh ironic way a lot of good came from the Vietnam war toward this war. Because like we we said earlier that you know the a lot of eyes were opened after years and years of of that war. And and. And perhaps the reason that good came out of the Mid East war is because we had the experience of Vietnam. <SEP> Right. Exactly. So I I I do think that we've learned from it. Uh-huh. You know I I I wish there weren't war. <SEP> Yeah. No kidding. But uh I do think we learned. And I just I just hate the emotional price a lot of the Vietnam people paid for you know er- nothing. Yes. <SEP> I mean it was they're they still don't know what they were there for. No. There was no feeling of accomplishment no goal. No. No. We went in. But what did we do. We lost lives. And and what were we trying to do. Who knows. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. And I I think you're right. Uh I think you're right there. Um I do remember when it was over. I remember when they were coming home. Uh but I remember the feeling back then you know. Like I feel like right now I feel like this country has been behind this war. Uh-huh. Uh yeah. There's a lot of people that aren't for war. I'm not for war. <SEP> Right. But I believe that the way that it was done and the way that was handled were right. I don't remember that feeling back in Vietnam. Right. I just remember. Oh yeah. Our guys are over there. And it's sad. And we shouldn't be fighting a war. But there was no let's support them you know. <SEP> Right. We-. The. When this war broke out it frustrated me all thi- the antiwar people and you know their all the demonstrations that were going on. Yeah. I felt like they got way too much media coverage and publicity. Because those kind of people I mean you know they're the kind of people who are who've always got to have a cause whether it's good bad of indifferent. They've got to have a cause. And and I you know nobody says because you're supporting the troops that you're you're supporting the war. That's right. That's right. <SEP> Yo- you have to support the people that are there. That's right. <SEP> And som- for some reason those people don't see that. They don't see it as supporting the folks the people. No. No. They don't. And you know they're just real shallow people. I would agree with you there. <SEP> Yeah. I I agree. Um and I and I recall when President Bush said that you know. He said look. I you know I'm sorry that you're opposed to the war. There's a lot of us that are opposed to war. But uh you're not helping the people that are over there by what you're doing. And I remember a lot of it kind of stopped after that. Yeah. But. <SEP> I mean they're not helping anybody. That's the that's the whole point. Th- not. They're not doing anything for anybody except themselves. That's true. <SEP> And I don't even know what they're doing for themselves. You know. Uh. Giving a soapbox to stand on. <SEP> Yeah. But well I just I I'm glad we've learned. I'm sorry we had the experience of Vietnam. Yeah. And uh and I'm I'm I'm especially sorry for the people that are you know have spent all these years trying to deal with it emotionally. Because you know until the la- past four or five years nobody ever really worried about that for them. <SEP> That's true. Yeah. And and I think that's where we as American people really failed you know failed them. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. So I don't know. Well do you have anything else you want to say on this? No. I guess not. I think this is the first time that I haven't been cut off by the computer. <SEP> I know. We get cut off all the time too. Usually I can talk all day. But this is something to me that's sad. Yeah. It is. So well have a good day. And I appreciate the conversation. <SEP> Thanks. Same here. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2527.txt:Okay. All right. What uh what kind of camping is there in Texas? Well there there are quite a few um parks I guess state parks. And there's a couple of national parks I guess that you can camp at. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um most of them have pretty good facilities. I don't know if the camping that I've done is really roughing it without a a whole lot of stuff. Yeah. So you do uh like backpacking and the like? Uh done a little bit of that mainly just um like camping out at the state parks. I've been to a couple in Texas. And there's some real nice ones in Arkansas. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um I think Arkansas has one of the best parks departments around. Huh. Is the Ozarks in Arkansas? Uh-huh. Yeah. Part of them are. <SEP> Yeah. So that's probably a pretty nice place to go. Yeah. They've got uh real nice lake system and around their parks. One of them uh the gray I think that's one of the ones we've been to it's real nice there a bunch of lakes around it. There's a golf course and um just a whole bunch of camping sites. Yeah. What about you. Where have you uh. <SEP> Oh I've been camping for years not on a regular basis. But uh I first started camping out in the desert in California. And then sometimes in the mountains also in California. Uh-huh. And uh then I moved to North Carolina. And I I didn't camp for a long time. And then I started to uh go camping again kind of in conjunction with white water rafting. So I'd go up somewhere and camp overnight and then do some rafting. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then maybe camp another night and drive home. And that was uh that was pretty good. So I went out and bought a whole bunch of camping gear. And uh you know I still do it once in a while. Yeah. I think we've collected stuff off and on over the years. The more times we did it the more serious we get about it. Uh-huh. Yeah. Where where is Raleigh in North Carolina? <SEP> Uh well it's it's uh in terms of north south I would say it's uh a little a little more towards the northern border of the state and pretty much in the eastern half of it. Okay. So what i-. Are you kind of away from the Blue Ridge Mountains. <SEP> Well it it's uh. An area. Actually the the Blue Ridge in Virginia are closer to Raleigh. They're about three hours away if you go due north. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um of. The Blue Ridge in North Carolina I think are much nicer. And you can pick those up going west. But then you're talking about six to eight hours. Yeah. The way it works. But um it's a real it's a real nice place to go and camp. And there's some pretty decent campgrounds although I don't think Raleigh I don't think the state of North Carolina takes. They probably just don't spend as much money as a lot of other states might. Uh-huh. Yeah. My wife's from the western part of Virginia. We've been down the parkway a lot. But I didn't know how much how much camping areas there were along there. <SEP> I think there's quite a few. I can't say I've checked them all out though. What what's it like camping in the desert and California. That seems like a challenge. It's uh it's actually kind of incredible. <SEP> It's really really nice. Um I like it better than almost anything I've ever done. Just the sky is so amazing. You know you really can probably count thousands of stars. Uh-huh. And uh it's it's just kind of nice. I like the uh. I think the desert has a rare kind of beauty which uh a lot of people don't realize. You know they hear desert. And they think of scorpions and snakes and sand and being real dry and lack of water. Course it it has all of those qualities. But it also has a certain quality of beauty that you just don't find anyway else except in a desert. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it's pretty nice. The uh the movie THE DOORS has so- some nice desert scenes. Those guys all go camping out in the desert. Yeah. Of course they drag a lot of drugs with them. But um the uh the shots are are pretty nice. And it's sort of like that. I mean it's just almost surreal in some places. Huh. <SEP> It's very pleasant. Are the temperatures real extreme there. Or the the. They can be. Yeah. I mean you got to you sort of have to choose your season carefully and know what's going to happen. Uh-huh. <SEP> I've been camping in Death Valley. One doesn't go in July. Yeah. True. But it's beautiful in February. Yeah. <SEP> I mean it's just beautiful. The days get up into the high eighties uh maybe the nineties. But it's it's quite bearable. And then the nights are reasonably warm you know sixties or seventies. It's just great. It's really very nice. Yeah. We've talked about planning a trip up through um. I have a sister-in-law that lives in New Mexico up through New Mexico and into Colorado and the Grand Canyon area. I don't know don't know when I'm going to get a chance to do that. But. Yeah. Well that would be that would be pretty nice. I've been I have been camping on the south rim the Grand Canyon. That's okay. A lot of people like to go down and camp down inside. I was just too lazy that trip to do all that walking especially with my gear. Uh-huh. <SEP> I'll bet. That one one thing you said about the stars is really true. It's. When you're close to a big city like Dallas the the lights kind of wash wash off the star. Oh yeah. So it's nice to to get away. It's just amazing how how much you miss. <SEP> Yeah. It. Yeah. It. Yeah. It really is. I mean I don't think I ever see the Little Dipper. You hear people talk about the Little Dipper. Huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I don't think I ever see it except when I go get out of the city and go camping in the desert or in in the mountains. Otherwise it's just too faint. Well I guess we've talked as much as we need to on the subject. Yeah. I think we fulfilled our obligation. Well thanks for calling. Nice talking to you. Yeah. It was good talking to you Robert. <SEP> Okay. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3134.txt:Okay. I guess we're supposed to discuss the uh school system. That shouldn't be too much trouble for the two of us. Right? No. As many years as we've been involved in one. I really feel fortunate in that there even though there are problems. They're not a lot of problems where I teach. Right. <SEP> But from talking to people in other districts there are some major problems uh with dropouts. Uh when I was in Minnesota last summer there was a teacher who said that uh on a given day she didn't know how many of her students would show up. Uh-huh. And sometimes they didn't even show up for class. And she taught in high school in inner city uh Minneapolis. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh they just didn't come to school. That's really sad isn't it? And I can not imagine being able to do much of anything when they don't even come to school. Right. Well just recently in the paper here were articles about students uh working. High school students that work and the percentage of hours that they work and how that affects their grades. <SEP> Uh-huh. But then the follow-up the next day was. I was kind of glad to see. Because it it said that you know. Yes. But for those students who are determined to do well anyway that you know handling a job was very possible. You know and that it seemed to have more to do with other factors. <SEP> I think so too. You know like what are their plans after high school you know. And what's their home situation. You know that. The home is the key. Right. <SEP> I think really is because if the home does not place a high priority on education. Right. <SEP> And uh the- the main goal is making money now. And it may be a survival thing for the family which you can understand. Right. Sure. <SEP> So uh. But there can still be an attitude of. Right. You know this is a stopgap measure because we need it right now. But but that the most important thing is still you know getting your education. <SEP> Your education. Well when they meant said the the topic you know of what's wrong with the public schools my my first im- impulse was it isn't really what's wrong with the public public schools. It's what's wrong with families. <SEP> That's right. It's what's wrong with families. And if if children come to school yes insecure and their mo- biggest concern is survival both at home. And society in general. <SEP> Right. They don't know what to expect at home. They don't feel secure there. They don't know what's going to happen just out front of their apartment complex. Right. <SEP> For example that child that was shot. Right. Uh how can they concentrate on schooling? I agree with you. Right. <SEP> I think that's the main problem. Yeah. And schools now are supposed to solve social problems uh mental and emotional problems as well as educate the kids and try to provide them with some security. Huh. <SEP> Yeah. And that's overwhelming. Well we've got uh you know at our school we have over a thousand elementary kids. And last year was the first year that we ever had more than one counselor. And that's just really not enough. <SEP> No. It isn't. And I was talking to somebody that teaches in a middle school. And they said oh but we need more in the middle school because that's when kids are you know at a tougher and rougher age and all that. But you know part of my feeling is that if you solve help them to work through their problems while they're littler then they won't have as many problems up there. True. I think they there has to be at least a counselor. And we just recently had a counselor at elementary. We didn't even have counselors in elementary. Really. <SEP> We have always though had three at middle schools because we had about a thousand kids. And they divided them up between three counselors. But for a good while every year they'd have a different counselor. And they decided that didn't work. Yeah. So they started uh dividing the kids up so that a counselor stays with her group of counselees through you know through all three years of middle school. Uh-huh. They they do that here. <SEP> Uh-huh. <SEP> And I think that would give them more security in going to the counselor. Uh-huh. If they have a rapport with their counselor. Now if they don't I hope they have the flexibility to be able to change a child that really is in need of counseling help if they absolutely refuse to work with them. <SEP> To change. Yeah. And occasionally that happens. Right. <SEP> But it is frightening. B- Because uh education is the key to our future. Yes. It certainly is. And uh if we have children who are not getting their education for one reason or another then what are we going to do with them? Yeah. That's right. <SEP> What's going to happen to them? Are they going to be able to uh work at other kind of menial jobs. Or are they going to be the thieves and the people in prison. Yeah. And our prisons are filling up faster then we can build them. Right. <SEP> That's no good. I'm on that um campus strategic planning committee for my school. Uh-huh. And uh one of the uh you know oh. They have all these different names for things strategies and all these different things. But anyway one of the key things was that that we believed that the public education is the best economic value. Then I think they decided to strike economic. <SEP> Uh-huh. Anyway you know the point was what happens when public education fails? You know will then people go to private schools? Uh-huh. You know well what kind of a situation do they get there. And what are you know. And what kind of state are we in if if most people are going to private schools. <SEP> Well I think uh one thing that we'll see is that we won't be educating everybody. Right. There will be a lot of people who will not get even a menial education like in other countries of the world where they don't try to educate everyone. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's one of the things that we do. We try to educate everyone. That's right. That's right. <SEP> We're the only country in the world that does. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And let everyone have an opportunity to reach higher education if they're willing you know to work and have uh some ability. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. They can do that. And one of the Plano school district's you know goals is that they will graduate every child that uh that is here in the ninth grade. I believe it's something like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's worded. And uh I don't know. Well you know if we can keep them in school. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's so important. Then that that helps a lot. <SEP> I think the gang violence is scaring everyone to death too. Oh gosh. Well that new movie That new movie out. It's scary to me. I um. Really really a frightening situation. <SEP> I We are. I guess we're both lucky. To be in situations and schools where we don't see that. My folks talk about it a lot in Illinois. My mother was is was teacher for years and years. And uh they live in Peoria Illinois. And they're talking a lot about the you know the school situation there too. So well shall we wrap it up? <SEP> Uh I would imagine that we've talked the amount of time necessary. I think we have to. Okay. So I'll see you when we see you. <SEP> Alright. We were in uh Austin yesterday. Uh-huh. The reason that I wasn't at church. And we went to hear uh James wind ensemble concert. Oh. They left this morning for uh England. <SEP> Oh how exciting. Isn't that wonderful? Oh that is wonderful. Uh-huh. <SEP> What an experience. And uh the university.
sw2828.txt:Well Kathleen do you believe that there is a problem with our public school system? I certainly do. Uh I think. I think we have a lousy school system. And what do you think that problem is? <SEP> And I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that we don't train our teachers very well. And then we put the schools in the hands of professional educators instead of the teachers and the parents. And then oh we don't uh we put too much uh responsibility on the teachers for things that are really not education. <SEP> They're social services. Huh. That seems like you've thought this through quite a bit before. Well I as a matter of fact I just finished editing a book on the topic. So I have some rather strong opinions. That's interesting. Do you uh yourself. <SEP> And and I'm sure they're colored by what I've edited. Do youself have children wi- who are or have been through the public school system? Yes. I do. And I was not very happy with the results. I see. So if you were to improve it what would you do to improve it? <SEP> Well I think I would start with a -bout with getting rid of about two-thirds of the administrators. And all the auxiliary personnel. The school bureaucracy that exists mainly to perpetuate itself. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> And then I would provide uh use the money that we've paying them to uh provide some special help in training and particularly uh mentor teachers to work with the beginning teachers and the teachers who may have been at it a long time but have been making the same mistakes for a long time. Uh-huh. Sure. Sure. <SEP> And then let them try some innovative things and see what works. And then uh have some sort of mechanism for passing that knowledge along to other teachers who could benefit from the same sorts of things. And then from the parents' side have the parents support the school. Get involved. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Pay attention to what's happening. Talk to the teachers. Uh talk to their kids about school. And support the institution. And a-. Instead of becoming adversaries to the teachers so that the uh the teacher's in the middle. Uh-huh. That's uh some pretty good ideas. Why don't you do something with those? Well I've done about all I can do which is get the manuscript in good shape so that it can be published and read by a lot of people. Uh-huh. Well you should uh run for a school board position. <SEP> Oh well. That I'm not so sure about. I've got a lot of things to keep me busy. Uh-huh. That. Have you done anything like that? Anything political? Well my mother was on the school board. As we were coming up. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh that basically is the extent to which our our family has been directly you know. They've always been involved. My parents through the the P T A organization. And my mother was on the school board for eight years. Uh-huh. But uh that was that's the extent of which I guess that's more than than some people less than others. <SEP> That's more than a lot. I would uh tend to agree with you that there is a problem. The methods of correcting it I haven't thought through quite to the detail which you have. But I believe that there's definitely a basic perception and image problem with the fact of even being a teacher. Uh-huh. And if there was a way to through the public mind set that image to be a little higher esteem a little uh uh a little more prestige to being a teacher. And with that of course you know you have to pay them a accordingly. If we paid them more it would attract more the the higher educated people to to either move into that field or to continue in that field. <SEP> Yeah. And then if you paid them more you'd also be able to demand a higher quality product out of them. I think that's absolutely right. They. The thing that worries me about that is that if you just raise salaries across the board you're going to be uh rewarding people who've been doing a lousy job. And instead of getting the uh improvement that we want. <SEP> Sure. Sure. <SEP> So we'd have to have some way to uh reward and recognize the teachers who are doing a good job and give them a a pat on the back and respect and some honor and more money. Uh-huh. <SEP> It unfortunately it's a and it's a business or an occupation that the results are not as tangible as other ones. Uh-huh. Yeah. It's it's hard to tell. So it's very it's very difficult to say that this teacher is doing a better job than this other one other than I guess how you kn- how a person scores in the beginning before the class and then after the class. You know if there's some gauge that they could make. <SEP> Yeah. Uh also I've alw- I've thought around about the idea of making teaching and the. Before you can get a certificate you have a a certain residency period. So much like a doctor. Maybe not the four years definitely. But some certain type of of position where you're overseen to begin with. Yeah. Now that's a very good suggestion. Uh just something to i-. Rather than throw someone in into that environment uh you know it. <SEP> Yeah. I don't think student I don't think student teaching is enough. I thought that maybe something. I think that at least what I used to observe in student teaching was that some college kid who might not be all that bright to begin with was thrown into a class room with a teacher who was harried and overworked and uh had too many kids to handle and too many things to do and too many interruptions to pay much attention to the student teacher. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. And then the student teacher didn't stay but about six weeks. Uh-huh. <SEP> So there really was no time to try much of anything and get significant feedback that would help the the student teacher improve very much. Sure. Sure. <SEP> There are lots of things that could be done in that line including things like video taping. Because it wouldn't be hard with all the electronic equipment that's around these days to video tape uh either a master teacher teaching a class so that then students could watch that and uh criticize the methods used and and analyze it. Figure out what worked and what didn't work. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then also to video tape the student teachers so they could correct their own performance. Sure. Sure. That's good as a a a teaching aid. But more you see these commercials that have Jimmy walking into class late and it happens that the teacher is an instructor who is in New York while Jimmy's in Rome. Huh. And you know the whole electronic classroom idea. <SEP> I don't know if I I'm in favor yeah in favor of yeah. I don't think that's going to work. I think especially in the younger years you need to have more of the the person contact rather than just the fact that your machine being fed information to to learn how to learn. <SEP> Yeah. Well another thing I think would be helpful would be to have some sort of of say a national curriculum. Because one of the problems with getting good textbooks is that we have such a fragmented system for uh curriculums that the textbook makers produce a textbook that will sell in Texas and California. And then everybody else is stuck with that regardless of what they want to teach. Huh. Is that because that's where the two biggest markets are. Because it. Or? <SEP> Well that's the two states that adopt on a state wide basis. I see. Uh and so it uh. I used to work for a textbook publisher. And it was absolutely clear that if you could get your book adopted by Texas then you had a built-in market because there were only about three or four textbooks in each subject. And all you had to do is just get your share of those adopted in the individual school districts. Uh-huh. <SEP> Huh. And you know a third of the Texas market with its millions of kids is a heck of a lot of textbooks. Sure. Sure. <SEP> And then the states that either don't adopt on a state wide basis or don't have as many kids just have to follow along and take what Texas gets. Right. California is the biggest for elementary schools. But Texas uh adopts state wide all the way through the twelfth grade. I see. Well definitely is a national problem if that they need to address. <SEP> Yep. Sure is. Definitely is. And I hope maybe we're going to get somewhere with a little more attention being paid to it with uh Reagan's uh new education secretary and uh you know trying to do some uh trying to produce some new programs anyway. Right. Right. <SEP> Excuse me. Well I've enjoyed speaking with you. I have got to go. I've got another line calling. Thanks. All righty. Good-bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw3549.txt:What are you guys having for Christmas? What are we having? Let's see. Well I'm not planning the menu. Oh you're not. <SEP> No. We usually go out to ei- either one of our folks. They both live close to. Yeah. But um I don't know. It seems like a a big thing for Christmas is usually ham. Well funny you should mention that. I'm a pig farmer. <SEP> Oh you are. Yeah. Huh. Well now it's kind of a hobby more than anything else. But we're going to have uh wild boar. <SEP> My goodness. We uh we killed a boar the other day. It was you know mating with the sows. And you can't use the piglets you know. So. Huh. It's about six months of no use. So we uh we shot him and cleaned him out and had him you know processed into ham. And uh we're also going to have a little roast suckling pig because I I've got one that's got a a hernia. <SEP> Oh really. And rather than you know pay the vet four hundred dollars for surgery we'll just cook him and eat him. Is that is that hard? Well no. Hey I tell you what preparing a little pig is is a snap. <SEP> I'm telling you real easy easier than chicken. Oh really. Yeah. You just uh. You kill him you know. You probably. Most guys just shoot them in the head. They go you know. In a second they're gone. <SEP> Oh. And then you just dip the carcass in uh boiling water pull it out and there's a we use a little raspy brush pulls the hair off and uh gut it and uh just stick it down in a pit with some cloves and uh some pineapple about three pineapples you know sliced them up and uh cover him up with uh wet uh sacks feed sacks is what I usually use and then start a charcoal fire on top of him. Huh. <SEP> Oh my goodness. And after about six hours you put the fire out and dig that baby out of there. And it's the best eating you ever had. Oh well does a boar taste just like regular ham? Yep. Just like a pig. <SEP> Does it. I mean you know uh it has a lot less fat. Huh. This wild boar weighed probably about three hundred and thirty pounds. <SEP> Oh my. And he dressed out to almost two hundred and ten pounds. Oh my goodness. Well you know we took the skin and the head and the le- and the feet off. And that was about you know a hundred hundred pounds of just ham. <SEP> Oh well how many people are you planning on serving at Christmas? Oh well we're you know we're not going to eat the whole thing. Eat it all. Yeah. It would take a year. But uh you know we're going to drive up to Kansas City see my wife's folks. And uh she she. What's what's what's your mother cooking for Christmas. Yeah. Well her mom's doing brisket. <SEP> I don't. What is brisket? Brisket? It's a part of the cow that they used to throw away. Huh. It's just tough as a boot. <SEP> Oh. And uh you know they used to use it for leather I think. Oh my goodness. I mean no. I was kidding. <SEP> Yeah. But uh it's it's a part of the loin you know the rib cage. And it has a lot of muscle in it and a lot of gristle where it attaches to the ribs. So it's really really a tough piece of meat. <SEP> Oh my goodness. But it's so tasty you can't stand it. Huh. So you just take it. And you marinate it for a couple of days. <SEP> And that softens it up huh. Huh. And then uh you just put it in the oven. Takes about four hours to cook one. They weigh about anywhere from ten to twenty pounds. <SEP> Oh gee. And uh we're going to have that. Well what else do you serve with your pig? Oh well we'll have cranberries and hominy. And uh we we are we're big on olives and cucumbers and stuff up here. <SEP> Huh. We have oliv- olives black olives and cucumbers and uh tomatoes. We still have tomatoes. Oh do you? Yeah. Fresh tomatoes. <SEP> Oh we we just got lots of snow. Well it started to freeze up around here you know. There's nothing between you and us but our barb wire and half of that's down. I mean it's thirty degrees this morning. Oh really. Yeah. <SEP> Huh. But uh it'll go up to fifty or sixty almost. Oh my goodness. I didn't know it got that low at night. Oh yeah. Well it's desert you know. Where where we are it's it's it's uh the edge of the desert. I mean it's part of the Great Plains. So in the day time in the summer it goes up to a hundred hundred and ten. <SEP> Oh gee. And at night it goes down to about sixty. My goodness. Yeah. We get a fifty de- degree temperature swing in about four hours. <SEP> Oh boy. So everything that lives around here is real tough. Oh. That's trees you know. We got hundred year old trees that are you know twenty feet tall. <SEP> Oh gee. That's all the bigger they get. They you know they're just hard as a rock.
sw2252.txt:Well what is your view do you consider the Soviet Union a threat? I don't know that it's so much a military threat anymore as a. Well you know it's it's real confusing right now to know what kind of a of of a threat it is I guess. Sure. <SEP> It it takes awhile to to get used to something. You know if if they have completely chain-. On the place has completely turned that much around to where they're not you know not what they used to be. Right. Uh. It's it's hard to to know anymore if it's a a threat one way or another because uh it used to be s- so f- much in the past that whatever the top said the rest fell you know rank and file in behind it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And now that with Gorbachev is introducing more I guess freedoms or expressions of freedom it doesn't look as though you know everybody's following the same pattern. Yeah. And those. The people who are you know the staunch military conservative people. You never know well Gorbachev's future is like whereas whereas in the past it was seen as you know whoever was the head of the the communist party was seen as you know untouchable. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I thi-. Yeah. The thing that keeps happening is happening so fast and so uh dramatic that you almost think now wait a minute you know we're getting stuck into something here you know. If if somebody's about to to clobber you the first thing they do is sort of say well you know we're we're ashamed we're not going to do that anymore. Uh-huh. <SEP> Exactly. And uh um you know I'd I'd like to think that that isn't true. But I I. You know the evidence is that uh you know he's he's let some some stuff go you know the east German situation. Right. <SEP> It's just the whole thing is so incomprehensible. You know if I'd have been asleep for five years and read it in a book I said no no no that didn't couldn't have happened that way. Right. Well it's amazing just because of the drain that's been on you know both economies that our economy is of course been able to uh withstand that a little better. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh the Russian economy. They you know they. I don't know what the percentages are. But I heard it one time. It's just some ungodly number just to support the military machine. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And finally you know who knows. Maybe they're finally waking up and saying you know we can't afford this. Uh the U S isn't the threat that we've always made them out to be you know even if they're saying that beneath the doors. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it's hard to thing that just one person can bring that much of a radical change in that short of period. Yeah. Even if it is you know the best thing in the long run it just steps on too many people's toes who are comfortable with the way the situation is. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I I think you know what I'd have to. I I gues- I guess to answer the question directly I'm still just a a little bit you know leery of the whole thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> What I haven't seen is the uh you know a great stepping back in the military situation. Right. You know it's it's one thing you know to let us go ahead and sort of disarm. And you know I even had a thought once that the whole Iraqi thing might have been just a a deal to go ahead and let us uh you know expend some some military hardware. Expend? <SEP> Of course it didn't turn out that way. Uh-huh. And uh uh that that may have been a a a kind of far out way of thinking about it I don't know. Well it's interesting anymore the world's getting so small that it doesn't seem to tolerate anymore any kind of the expansionism philosophy that that was here in you know twenty years ago. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Uh but of course the people who have challenged that or tried to do on- have cor- have not been world powers. So it's easier for us to say you know to an Iraq you know uh you can't do this get back you know or we're going to force you. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Or or we can do something about it. Yeah. Whereas you know if the Soviet Union would have who knows what taking over Mongolia or or something like that who is really will we have been more just rhetoric uh rather than going in there officially or you know physically and try to to remove them. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Well the the China situation you know the when it looked like that thing was was turning around. And all of a sudden it was like somebody in the in the Red Square or wherever said okay. And that's enough. Uh-huh. And the tanks came in and you know pretty much took care of that. Exactly. <SEP> And. Yeah. Uh that. Personally I don't see as Gorbachev as being maybe a threat. And I think he's actually honestly trying to do some change. Uh-huh. But I don't believe that he in this first pass around you know being the first one to really turn things around or attempt to is going to be allowed to get away with it either. <SEP> Yeah. Well this would be like if somebody was elected president of the United States and suddenly took off toward you know just some pretty hard by the socialism. Uh-huh. And uh you know the the reaction uh. You know the the economic. Well the uh the social structure of the Soviet Union you know it it's it's coming apart at the seams. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know and I've heard people say well you know it's just like the American Civil War will there be a union or not? Well no. It's not the same sort of a thing at all because that the whole Soviet system was put together under total force. You know there was no. As as we are seeing now with a lot of those areas wanting out of it. Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know they uh nobody vo-. You know a lot. Man those people didn't vote to become part of the Soviet Union. They had no choice. Yeah. That was always kind of interesting. People. You know a lot of my friends have a taken us down the stance of you know these people are just trying to be free and trying to get away. And I'm thinking more of it from a nationalistic. You know if I'm a Soviet and if part of you know south let's say South Dakota wanted to succ- you know succeed am I going to stand for that. Yeah. Now I realize that the origins are are different and that we all joined under a common direction and a common bond to begin with and that they may have been forced I'm not that familiar with their future. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I you know I. It's easy to believe that they were probably more forced into a pact than uh a volunteer or willingness to join. Yeah. But. <SEP> There there was the whole thing was put together you know by force. There's there's no no real question about that. Uh-huh. And some of the countries that were forced in at th- later dates is the three Baltic countries you know came in in the forties. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh it's well it's not that they came in it's they were conquered by the Germans. And then just never given back. And then the Russians even took it back from the Germans and never bothered to give it back you know. <SEP> Yep. So. That's a a little different situation. Well that whole a. <SEP> The whole i- idea if you look at the Russian history and I guess all countries the way it used to be is the only way to truly protect your borders was to have a buffer. Uh-huh. And that was the whole idea why they had so many buffers. And maybe you know more and more people are seeing oh countries hopefully are seeing that that buffer isn't going to help you. You can. Well I guess like with uh Israel is a perfect example. <SEP> Yeah. The reason they have the Angolan Heights and the the uh all their buffer area is between Jordan and the the Sinai and and Lebanon was just as a buffer. But you know as you can see with the the scuds go right over there. Uh-huh. Yeah. They don't really pay a whole lot of attention to buffers. Yeah. There's there's very little that that binds you anymore in today's technology. <SEP> I knew a lot of guys in the service when they were sent to Germany they said that's the safest place in the world because if a war starts all the bombs are going to go right over Germany. And they're going to land in other places. You know that's going to be the safest place to be. That's probably very true. Ve-. That's very interesting never thought of that. <SEP> Yeah. Well uh I I guess what they'd have to do to. I really don't know. You know in in the in you know I hope that what's happening is exactly the way it appears. Uh-huh. You know some reason or other you know is uh it's kind of a strange thing we've been trying to make something like this happen for so long that when it finally happens you say whoa wait a minute. Nobody knows what to do. <SEP> You know. What's uh what's what's really happening here. Is it real? Uh-huh. <SEP> But you wonder how well this thing. W- who was it Boris Yeltsin the guy that's running the uh or evidently was elected president of the Soviet for the Russian republic which is I guess the uh the biggest. Right. Exactly. <SEP> I get confused between all the which is the Soviet provinces versus which are the the Russian provinces versus what are. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well in the center. But you got a the the great big area that's just was traditionally known as Russia. And then all these little nationality groups around it you know that were you know was there nineteen of them or or whatever. Uh-huh. You know and these were all the Soviet economists us you know they had some real fancy names for them. Right. <SEP> Matter of fact when the. Uh yeah. What I read when the uh lee- uh United Nations was setup in in San Francisco one of the first things the Russians wanted to do was bring in each one of the uh of these you know republics as a separate country. Oh as a. You know so there would be there would be nineteen rather than one. As a vote. <SEP> Sure. Sure. <SEP> And uh the United States said well that mean we get to bring in forty-eight you know. And uh that sort of. You know they backed down on that. Died down on that. I thought it was interesting that recently here the Warsaw Pact no longer exists as a militor- military force. But it's merely an economic now. <SEP> Yeah. Well wonder if that. Well I mean at. Wh- uh w- what do you get shot by something that's called a an economic force or what is called a military pact. Yeah. Exactly. <SEP> You know it's all. You can change the name of something. But I wonder if it's still exists. Uh-huh. Although I've seen some evidence that you know the uh the Russian soldiers are. Well you. The funny thing there is they're not particularly welcome back home because there's they're having housing shortages now. What do you do with all these troops that have been taken care of by uh Bulgaria and and Czechoslovakia. Exactly. And and all the. <SEP> And now all of a sudden they're going home. And somebody's got to pay for their. Well that's what they're saying the whole problem you know with if we were to demilitarize Europe. What are we going to do with all the soldiers over there? Yeah. Well that's not. What's going to happen to the economies that are no longer have a a million plus people in the indu- you know in each country from the U S. <SEP> Yeah.
sw3328.txt:Yeah. They just raised our taxes up here about a year ago. Well they've uh statewide raises. They raise ours it seems like constantly. We just uh passed a new one uh. Fortunately or unfortunately it doesn't go into effect because we did not get the United Airlines. Oh right. Indianapolis got that didn't they? <SEP> Right. And uh we had passed a a provisional one that if if it did if they did locate here we would raise our taxes. But uh at least we thought we'd get something back from that. Yeah. Uh how do you feel about taxes? Well it seems like a big politics game. Like up here last year the governor was up for re-election. So he said the budget was fine. The state didn't have any money. And then right after he won the election he said we owed a lot of money. So they raised all our taxes. <SEP> And now it's election time again. So they're trying to lower them. Oh. So they're just talk about lowering them. But they never do. They just keep raising them. <SEP> I've never seen taxes really go down. Yeah. Me neither. Well actually they're going to here because they didn't have a budget for so long. So they raised the tax rate real high for the last three months of this year. And they're going to lower it for next year. Oh. I guess they figure they're going to make up for all they didn't get when they should have had a budget. <SEP> I hope they put that in writing. Yeah. Yeah. They say they're going to lower. But I'll see. I feel like the middle class people are supporting the nation and uh that the rich are not paying their share. And of course the poor can't afford it either. But uh I really feel like. And and I feel like you know. I'm a middle class person income wise anyway. And uh I get tired of supporting the whole country. Yeah. So do I. I mean I'm a a middle class barely. But uh I don't think the rich are paying mo- less not enough. I think they're paying too much. <SEP> You think the rich are paying too much? Yeah. I mean if you're in the the three three percent bracket and they take a third of your check every month well that's ridiculous. Why bother working? Well I don't know many rich that don't have enough tax breaks to. I mean I'm talking about the really rich. Well they should just tax everybody the same amount no matter what you make. <SEP> Right. That would be fair. Now I'll go along with that. You know. Yeah. <SEP> No loopholes or anything. Everybody pays ten percent or fifteen or whatever. Right. Now I think that would be fair. Right. <SEP> And I you know. No no ifs ands and buts you know. No big elaborate laws that say uh you know call for a lot of enforcement or a lot of review. It's just you know you make this you pay ten percent. If you make a hundred dollars you pay ten percent. If you make a million dollars you pay ten percent. Yeah. That's the way our state tax is here. I think it's pretty fair. Our state taxes are somewhat based on the federal. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh they have not gotten it where the withholding is accurate. Oh. So and and you withhold no matter what you do. They withhold what they're supposed to and at the end of the year it's not enough. Oh great. So you ought to be saving up some every month to make up for all what they should be taking out. <SEP> Right. So now you know when you sign your W-Four form or whatever W-Two whatever that is then they always say do you want a extra amount for state. Which is ridiculous. Uh-huh. <SEP> But it's been that way for the last probably ten years. Yeah. I guess you have to check yes. Or you come down to the end of the year. And you don't have it to give it to them. Right. Unless you have a lot of deductions. Yeah. <SEP> But you know if you have a lot of federal deduction it ends up hurting you state wise. Really? And you end up owing you know. You may get nine hundred dollars back from federal. And you're going to owe fifteen hundred in state. Ouch. <SEP> And uh it's it's just ridiculous. But I I don't know. I've. They just came up with a twenty-five percent increase on personal property in in Oklahoma county and that is a chunk. Yeah. I'll say. I mean twenty-five percent increase. Y-. Is.
sw3174.txt:Uh I work at T I. And we have uh of course started drug testing uh random drug testing here. And uh I haven't gotten called yet. But uh I feel that it's probably pre- it's pretty good if if they feel like there is a vast majority of the people at the company doing drugs. Do they feel that way? Uh I think that they thought that there was a lot of drug usage here at T I. But I think our latest sat- statistic said something like ninety-nine point nine eight percent were uh testing negative on all the dru- on on all the testing. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well I I think it's a good idea just because I'm opposed to to the drugs. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think it can cause a lot of problems even though they think they can handle it. Uh-huh. It's uh. I don't know. I don't really liken it to alcohol. But yet that can be carried to an extreme too. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I think it's a good idea. And I think just the idea that you know that you may be tested might keep you off of them or get you off of them because you're. Right. I don't know that their job would be at risk. Because I think they may put them into some sort of a program to get them off of drugs. Right. <SEP> I would think that. Is that how they do it at T I maybe. That. Right. I. At T I if you get called in and you test positive for drugs then you're put on a program. And uh you know you go through the program. And then you're called like six months after you complete the pro- program. Uh-huh. And if you test positive then you're terminated. <SEP> Well I guess I I draw a hard line. But you know I would I'm I'm in favor of of that type of thing. That uh you you have people out there that are responsible for certain things. Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you expect them to do their job. And it it is possible that you know that they can't do as good a job uh as they might do. That's right. Uh-huh. Oh and of course they can also cause injury to other people. <SEP> Uh-huh. If they're if they're not uh you know fully functional mentally while they're doing their job. They could cause you know serious injury to oth- another people. Right. And you never know. <SEP> They could just go off the deep end on on a on something uh that whatever they're taking at the time. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And and it would be uh you know out of the question. Uh-huh. <SEP> Also I guess you can you know get the wrong kind of stuff and kill yourself just by having a wrong mix of or watered down or or whatever all kinds. That's right. Oh yeah. <SEP> I sub in the schools. Uh-huh. So I've you know had a. They they talk a lot about drugs there. So. <SEP> Right. And I think it's good that they're trying to start some programs down in the elementary schools. Right. <SEP> But you know I think they can test all they want for drugs you know. And if they need to do that as a condition for employment. Uh-huh. And I know many of them are doing it. I know my son has had to do it for both Sam's and Wal-Mart. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I don't know how many others are doing that. And and I think that's good because so many of the kids that are on them are sort of bums that they need to get their life straightened up at an early age. Oh yes. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's right. And uh I don't know. It's just a problem that p- no one is sure just how to handle I think. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know I think personally I'm for it. There's several reason why I I could think of right now why we shouldn't have it such as drug testing. They say runs approximately a thousand dollars a person every time you do it. Really? And. <SEP> It's that high? Yes. And oh yeah. It's very expensive. Oh. And uh. <SEP> I didn't realize it was that expensive. Uh-huh. It's not like a normal urinalysis. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's very expensive to run them. And uh I didn't get a raise this year. Because nobody in our company got a raise. Uh-huh. But yet they spend all the money on drug testing. <SEP> Just lucky to have jobs. And if they weren't spending all the money on drug testing people could have got a raise. So see there you know there's different. I don't think that that's that I think that's more of a personal view of mine other than a a yes sir we should have drug testing because there's really a problem. Uh-huh. And I know that. But then I have other views to it. <SEP> I just I didn't think it was that expensive because my son was in probably a week and a half period. Uh-huh. And Sam's and Wal-Mart are are owned by the same people. Uh-huh. <SEP> He took one for for uh Wal-Mart for job hiring. Uh-huh. And then Sam's called him. And and he took another one. Right. <SEP> And I you know I don't know why they both made him do that since it was so close together. Uh-huh. I can see if. Because you know if it's a thousand dollars that's a thousand dollars they wasted. Theirs might not run a thousand dollars. Our. From what I understanding here at T I they run close to a thousand dollars an employee. <SEP> Well maybe they run. I don't know you know. That's just guessing it. Maybe they run a lot of other tests. Or maybe it's under a health type program that it it it would catch a lot of things. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I I just can't imagine them screening all these employees paying a thousand dollars to get them. But no. For all the the pub-. Oh it's.
sw2061.txt:Hello. Hello. Hey how you doing? <SEP> Not bad. Not bad. What's your name? Fernando. Fernando. My name is Nick. Wait. Let me turn off my stereo here. <SEP> Sure. Because I've been like waiting like for about ten minutes to get connected to somebody. Really? Yeah. <SEP> Phew. Man I'm. Yeah. What time is it over th-. Are you are you in Dallas? No. No. I'm in Detroit. Or not Detroit. I'm in uh California. Are you? <SEP> Yeah. I. Because every time I got through I went to Dallas Texas. Really? Yeah. I'm in North Carolina. <SEP> Oh. Well you're on the uh. Let's see. On the other coast. Yeah. Twenty-one. Yeah. Shoot man it's what midnight almost? What? Yeah. Yeah. It's uh. I'm watching SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE here. <SEP> Yeah. Okay. All right. Well I guess we're supposed to talk. What about. Credit card? W- wait. Wh- what did how how did you get to know about the T I thing? Oh one of my instructors uh said that they were doing something like this. And. Wha- what are you working on? <SEP> A a Masters in uh information systems. Really. I'm doing my Masters in in computer science and computer engineering. Yeah? Where at? At North Carolina State University. <SEP> Hey. How do you like it out there? Uh I don't. Because uh I come from a lot a bigger city than this one. And I I'm in Raleigh. Yeah. And. <SEP> Oh. Raleigh Durham. Yeah. Yeah. That area. And it's really small. All all you have is like towns built around universities. Uh-huh. Like Chapel Hill? <SEP> Yeah. So it it's basically a bunch of small towns anyway. Kind of quaint little towns. But they don't have a whole lot there. Yeah. Where you at? <SEP> Uh well I'm in Monterey California right now. Yeah. Oh okay. So so I mean it's like this this town probably has like two hundred and fifty thousand people. And that's about it. Two hundred fifty? Yeah. <SEP> Okay. It it's it's a lot bigger than Monterey is. But we're just uh just south of uh San Jose and San Francisco. Oh okay. And it's only a couple of hours away or a hour away to a you know to a large city. So so where do you go? Do you go to Berkeley? <SEP> No. No. I go to the it's the naval postgraduate school out here. Oh okay. Because uh I was looking at at the doctorate degree in computer science center at Berkeley. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they're asking like for a uh G P A of like three point seven or something like that. Uh-huh. And like they're looking like for uh G R E like ninety-nine percentile and this and that. <SEP> Yeah. And it's like. Well that's what they look for. Whether or not they get it is hard to say. Yeah. I know. That's why that's why I didn't apply. I mean it was like for me it was like practically impossible to get between like ninety and ninety-nine percentile on the on the verbal part. <SEP> Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. It's pretty tough. It's pretty tough. I. Uh let's face it you know. And you know I you know did the you know. As far as. I found it a lot of times with regards to education you know the school only takes you so far you know. It's what you do. You know. Yeah. So uh I don't lose any sleep sleep over stuff like that. So are are you going to go for your Doctorate? <SEP> Probably not. See I'm in the Navy. Yeah. And uh you know most of the Navy funds that I probably won't do it until I. If I do do it it will be after I get out of the Navy. When do you get out? <SEP> Oh probably be another twelve years. Oh okay. Oh you know I like what I'm doing right now. But uh but what if they pay for it? <SEP> Excuse me? What if they pay for? If they pay for a P H D? Yeah. <SEP> Nah. They won't pay for it. They've I think they have maybe two people a year go get get their P H D. Because I know I know a couple of people here that work for uh the Army. Uh. Yeah. They civilians or uh military? I think I think they're military. But I mean the guy is still in. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And uh h- uh he works over in Maryland. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so he's doing his Masters here. They gave him like a scholarship like for a year. Yeah. And he's doing it in like in a year and a summer. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so he's getting that. And uh they said like they got a lot of benefits and that. Yeah. That's why you want to join. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh this guy. I mean you can earn a lot more money. So you say. I go why you still there if you can earn a lot more money once you've get your your your Masters. Uh-huh. They go well they got a lot of benefits that would go with it. So. <SEP> Well a lot of times it's you know a lot of times it's not the money that keeps pe- that keeps people in. Yeah. They they like what they're doing. They you know they feel good about what they're doing. That type of thing. It's more. But I mean I mean you. The. Once you get your Masters you can be earning between anywhere between like thirty-seven forty-five thousand a year. <SEP> Uh-huh. And and that's not what they're paying. Oh easily. I'm sure. <SEP> No. Well it depends on what rank you are of course. Yeah. Yeah. I know. I mean like I say if you're if you're you know if you're at an upper level in the rank category you know you're probably pulling down close to seventy grand a year. Yeah. But that's uh. <SEP> Yeah. Those are few and far between though. Yeah. It's like it's like uh in I B M. In I B M you can get certain points. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh everyone's a manager. But nobody can get one more point to become you know like whatever you need to earn so much money. Yeah. Since I imagine it's fairly competitive. Yeah. It's like. No. I I mean I B M is like. There's a joke about I B M which says you know it's like uh. All all the major companies get into a a boating race right? <SEP> Uh-huh. And so I B M says well we have we have to have a team right. Uh-huh. And then they come in last. And they have this whole team you know analyze why they came in last right. Because the person asked for it. <SEP> Yeah. Saying. He goes uh the problem was that there were five people saying row row row and one person rowing right. So he goes have you come up with a -lution uh have you come up with a solution? They go yeah. Change the rower. You know it's like everyone's a manager. <SEP> But you know it's like only use like one person does the work. Yeah. So. <SEP> Too many chiefs and not enough Indians. Yeah. So. Yeah. I don't know. That can be that that can really slow you down. Yeah. Well that's the way it works. I mean that's that's why they're having problems. I mean everyone's a manager. And. <SEP> I didn't realize that. Yeah. I mean it's like it's like the people that actually do the work there are uh very few. Uh-huh. And then the other people just plan it you know. It's like it's like have you have have you ever seen the commercial like for Federal Express where the with uh the think tank? You know. <SEP> Push paper around. Uh-huh. Like all these people are just standing sitting around just going you know like what shall we do? Has anybody thought of anything? <SEP> No. And then this guy from Federal Federal Express comes along. They go what's that? This track which it's going around the world. And they can tell you where your package is anywhere any time. Uh-huh. And so it's like the same thing with I B M. You know. So they have this think tank. And they got to come up with ideas. But see uh the the thing is that I B M is so stabilized that everybody will buy their stuff. <SEP> Yeah. Oh yeah. They've got a they've got basically a uh you know a lock on a lot of the market. Yeah. And a lot of times you figure you know with the support that they provide you know. People generally go with that because they figure that the you know you probably won't get fired for getting I B M material. Whereas if you try something different they'll they'll say yeah. And it fails. And you're dead. <SEP> Why didn't you buy why didn't you try something more mainline. Yeah. Well I B M doesn't fire anybody. Because uh what they do is they they put you in a different job. Which y- you actually are like sitting around not doing anything. No. <SEP> Uh-huh. So you quit. Uh. I mean that's their policy. They never fire anybody unless you're caught doing something illegally. <SEP> Illegal or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Like if you're stealing something or doing anything like that. Uh-huh. But they won't let you off. What they'll do is like. Suppose you know like you're a manager. So they'll put you into keeping up the paper you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's like how much paper is going in? And then you say that's not my job. Uh-huh. So you quit. <SEP> So in other words that's the way they force people out. Right. That's why they can say you know there's no layoff policy. Right. <SEP> But it does- they don't really say that you know. You're you're always going to have great career conditions. Right. He- hey that's kind of sad. No. But I mean it's like it's like they they have just like different policy. I don't know. My dad works for them. But it's like I B M like never in their commercials they never put down any other company you know. It's like they won't say. <SEP> No. Well they're the standard right now. Or as far as that goes you know people think of computers they think of I B M a lot of times. And the main. Yeah. Because see what happens is they have a good backup policy. <SEP> And anybody can fix it. Uh-huh. And so that's what you're going to go for. <SEP> Yeah. Well you know that's that's a that's a big thing. And and you know it's like for example like Leading Edge. Have you ever heard of Leading Edge? Yeah. They are out of Korea right. What? <SEP> Leading Edge. Don't they pro-. They they made like uh small personal computers. Yeah. Small P C -s. They're out of Korea right? I don't know. I don't know. But what they do is what they did I don't know is buy all the parts that I B M would throw away. And build an I B M P C with all the parts that I B M would throw away. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh yeah. Yeah. <SEP> For example you test a chip. It can't last seven years. But it can last five. I B M says let's throw it away. Leading Edge will say we'll buy it from you. Okay. And so that's. I mean they're still around I think. <SEP> Yeah. I've seen well I've seen them around anyway. You know. So that's what they do. They buy all all the things that I B M throws away. And they and that's why they're so compatible. Because I mean. Uh-huh. And by the time you have computer for five years you're going to throw it away anyway. You know. <SEP> Most people do. Or they have to anyway. Well I mean there's like well. In a way you realize. I mean one t- one of my teachers got this computer which you know. It's like uh voice uh synthesizing stuff. Uh-huh. And he got that. He said you know it's like uh. I was testing it. And it was wonderful. And then when you tried to erase and correct you know all the errors in your voice it takes up all your memory. <SEP> Wow. And I want more you know. And it's like Jesus Christ you know. It's like why do you want more. Because it's like one second of recording. I mean you put into Wave. Uh-huh. And you want to correct the errors into Wave. It takes so much. I mean it's like. Of course it does. I mean by the times it transforms into Wave by mark off model. And you put it in there. And you want to correct those. And then you know you're trying to make the the Wave smooth. So you can approximately. Of course it's going to take a lot. Imagine imagine what it is for us to make mark off models you know. <SEP> It's amazing. Yeah. It's like Jesus Christ. Well when you get you know when you get right down to it the uh the more they can do for you the more uh like I say the more the more memory they're going to require. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Both both in terms in Ram as well as uh you know standard memory or disk mem- disk base. Yeah. So. Well like they say like nobody can get enough you know. It's like once you have something. And it's like. <SEP> Oh yeah. You find out more. I was watching this program on T V yesterday. In nineteen seventy-six NASA came up with Three D graphics. Yeah. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they were showing this like Three D g- Three D graphics view of like. Like the deal? What? No. No. No. <SEP> Like a hologram? This is like this is like video game stuff. With just graphics on on a. Okay? <SEP> Okay. But the only thing was that it was just lines. Okay. Like if you.
sw2784.txt:I pay a good deal of taxes I guess because I I make a fair amount of money. And uh the taxes that I pay um I guess as a as a general statement I feel I I guess I get my money's worth for. Okay. I'm not sure though whether I feel. I guess I am sure that I feel that in general though uh the allocation uh of the taxes in certain areas i- isn't correct. <SEP> Well I'm sure that uh probably every person in this country would agree with you on that. Because everybody has a different idea of where the money should go. Well I I. Lately I guess um uh or at least for the last twenty years or so I've felt that the expenditures of our taxes into high cost uh defense items at least in the last ten years have been uh. There's been and extraordinary amount of money spent there. And I'm not really sure that that we've gotten our money's worth there uh regardless of the outcome of the Desert Storm uh Desert Shield uh situations. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Uh I guess my particular beef is that having participated in the mi- military off and on over the over the years of being called back and things of that nature is uh I've found that you know there's an extraordinary amount of waste. I take that as a as a given in any military operation. And. <SEP> Oh yeah. No argument here. Yeah. And I gue-. I I should imagine that that that what the what the problem. Why I I'm I'm a little concerned about today is that this uh rather uh quick and and easy I don't know I shouldn't say easy rather quick victory in the in in the uh Mideast uh uh over the uh Iraqis uh might lead us into uh a false sense of security that we can do that against any other foe. I'm I I don't know what other foe that would be. But uh I I'm just getting nervous again now hearing the voices come up that there has to be increased expenditures in that area. Yeah. Well of course uh a lot of uh a lot of w- missiles and things were expended in the course of fighting the war. And the and the inventory's going to have to be restocked uh. On. Now I work for T I. And one of the things we were told is like they had eleven thousand HARM missiles which T I is the sole supplier for. And they used up two thousand of them in in the war. So they're going to have to do another contract to restock that to get ready in case something else is needed. Yeah. But it it it. Would that be uh. Well let's see. Two thousand out of eleven thousand that's about a little over twenty per cent. Uh. I I should imagine that that would be to keep it at a level those levels I guess that that were originally appropriated w- was when the Soviet threat I guess was perceived as being a greater one. I don't think there's very much of a threat there today. I do worry about what nuclear weapons are left in the territories uh in their territory over there and who's controlling them. But. <SEP> Tha- that's true. That's true. I I don't know what amount of what amount of our hardware would stop some fanatic I guess from doing anything uh that would be irrational. Well of course now we used up twenty per cents per cent of that inventory in a matter of just a few weeks. Right. <SEP> Yeah. And uh uh uh T I also makes the missile which was the the T V laser guided bombs. Yeah. <SEP> And and a big percentage of that was expended as well. That n- that w- that was just a matter of. Oh what is the name of that? Uh it's called Paveway. Yes. Yes. <SEP> And uh a big percentage of that was used up during that conflict also. So tho- those are two areas in which T I stands to to gain some some short term business to restock that. Yeah. Well uh I'm. What I'm. Uh I guess uh it. Concerned about. Talking about the taxes in general and that that was an area that I I perceive as not being the best expenditure for the amount of dollar that we're taxed for uh in the area of defense. Or perhaps we have paid too much there. I don't know. It just seems to me that over the years now the. And and it's it's a cliche. I I. But I see it myself. I see where the infrastructure is sort of breaking down the roads the highways. Oh no doubt. I I I don't know uh. I kn- I'm familiar with some some upbeat school areas. So I don't totally agree with the the great uh uh with the with the great ex- expenditure of effort and time there. But I guess overall because I guess I'm not associated with what ghetto schools and and uh and uh rural school systems are like I I should imagine that would take an enormous expenditure. <SEP> Yeah. As a matter of fact in Texas um we've had our school funding system declared unconstitutional by the a state judge. And they. And uh the legislature just passed what they called a Robin Hood Bill which. Basically what it does is it takes extra money from the more affluent school districts that are that are you know come from local taxes and send them to other parts of the state that are not so affluent. Uh-huh. They they don't have a broad based income tax that funds the educational system. <SEP> Uh well. Or is it all funded out of local taxes? Okay. To g- to give you some perspective this this town that I had lived in for sometime in nineteen eighty-three was funded sixty-five per cent by state funds. Yeah. <SEP> Then we had a number of education reforms that the legislature said hey we got to do this we got to do this we got to do this. But they forgot to put in the state budget the money to pay for it. And they dumped it all on the local school districts. So. Sounds like the way the federal and state system works now. Really. Yeah. <SEP> So so what ended up happening was was a was a shift. We went to sixty-five per cent state funding to sixty-five per cent local funding in a matter of four years. And uh I mean. Uh do you mean a a complete reversal? Because I guess they can't raise that money in those those poorer districts huh? Oh complete complete. It's all shifted to local districts. And now even the money that's been raised for the local districts is being is going to be siphoned off and sent to other parts of the state. <SEP> That's right. And and I have I have no problem with uh a certain uh floor level minimum level that's a standard uh that everybody uh ought to be able to have uh. Yeah. But I am opposed to w- any attempts to restrict um local communities from taxing themselves above that to provide above the minimum. Yes. I see what you're saying. Uh I uh I I do I I guess I am a s- uh a strong and staunch supporter of some subsidy for any forms of education. I mean by that I mean I'm a product myself. I have uh a a a a background of uh being uh getting my college education through the G I Bill. <SEP> So did I. My Masters anyway. What. But uh when I look at it to me uh it doesn't really make any difference. It was a marvelous opportunity that I couldn't have done. I don't think I would have gone on unless I had that financial uh easement made possible. Yeah. <SEP> That's right. And I I don't really care what it takes to qualify whether you're uh an an ex- whether you're a veteran or whether you. I don't even know if you have to perform community service. Or unless uh or or you promise to even do something in the future I think that uh the that that the subsidy itself. Or I guess the enactment of that form of legislation would give many people who I I think I think I perceive the fact. Uh-huh. At least what I read is that some younger people feel that education is priced out of their uh out of their uh budget. I know in the state of Florida just today uh the the legislature uh adjourned. And uh they had completed a fifteen per cent increase in the in the uh state land grant colleges which which isn't I mean. To me it doesn't sound like a mo- lot of money. But I guess it would be for fifteen hundred dollars a year. <SEP> Uh-huh. They went from eleven to fifteen hundred. Yeah. And uh for an out of state student the tuition went up twenty-five per cent. I don't know what that would be. <SEP> Yeah. They had to they had to raise uh community college taxes here a few years ago. But that uh I guess that goes along with the general idea that the federal government had to uh was expending so much money on defense uh that that the program now is a uh program now is uh. Fees that that fund these things I guess that's trickled down to the states. And the states now establish uh don't have enough money. Uh-huh. So they they must charge fees. Uh. I I'm not too sure of that reasoning. <SEP> Yeah. But I guess to get back to the main topic I don't know whether I pay too much taxes. I I I travel extensively in Europe and see enormous uh. People p- pay uh a great deal in taxes. They tell me when I sit and talk to people. There they tell me they they. Some states they pay uh. In Germany or in in England in some cases people in my income level at least allege that they pay up to six- fifty-five percent of their gross income in taxes. Oh oh I can believe that. But but I'm not too sure when I put my property tax in my car tax my income tax and these myriad of uh. Now it costs me money to leave the country some sort of a tax to leave the country some sort of an airport departure tax uh uh a tax a sales tax which is getting to uh quite high levels. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure that I'm not up fairly close to that. Well I guarantee you you'd be paying a lot more in taxes i- if uh the Democrats had more say. You really think so? <SEP> Yeah. I really do. But I mean w- what's what's happened here is is is. I feel that that in the last ten years uh my taxes have gone up. They haven't gone down. I pay ex- uh quite a bit more taxes. Yeah. And and and. <SEP> Everybody everybody is. But that's been a Republican government for the last ten years. Well what what what they've been able to do is slow down the rate of increase. To keep it to keep it b- from becoming even more obnoxious. Well I. <SEP> Yeah. Well this has been really interesting. And I've enjoyed our talk. Okay uh. I guess I just push something here. Push one again right? <SEP> No. You just uh we just say say good-bye. And that's it. Just hang up. Okay. Don good talking with you. Nice talking with you too. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.
sw2634.txt:Well um I'm uh pretty pro gun control over all. I uh I've had a lot of arguments with people about the issue of gun control. And uh I must say that there are a couple of arguments against uh strong gun control which I find very compelling although most the people who argue gun control with me I find uh use sort of canned arguments you know sort of the N R A slogan arguments. And um uh see I've been very frustrated when I do debate with people about it. Um. I guess on a one a scale of one of ten I'm probably around a two in terms of fair restricting guns. And I have to admit most of that is uh strong personal distaste. I don't like the idea of people being able to kill me with very little effort. Um. And uh guns are very symbolic of them having that power over me. Well me being from Texas. Uh-huh. <SEP> I hope you're ready for this. Um uh I'll give it a try. I've got my Texan stereotypes in place. Well I'm not your stereotypical Texan. I was raised around guns hunting. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I don't have a fear of fire arms in any respect. Uh-huh. I resp- I respect them and what their capabilities are. Uh-huh. <SEP> And on top of that spending a good portion of my earlier years in the military as a Green Beret I definitely respect the power of weaponry. Uh-huh. It's pretty power isn't it? And here in Houston as well as just about any big city anywhere across this country. And here here here you go. Here you. This will be border line N R A which I am not a member of. Okay. Okay. <SEP> When you I mean you've heard the the slogan um if you outlaw guns then only out laws will have guns. Uh-huh. That applies to anything as well as guns. A gun. Well you you've got. Well any of the big cities you've got the different rival gangs. And they're having their little turf wars over their little drug kingdoms and such. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they get out their little Mac tens. They get out their little uzis. And they're going to fight with them. And it doesn't matter what restrictions you put on that type of weapon or a class three firearm. If they want it they'll get it. I don't care if if they've got to go down into New Mexico to get it. They'll get it. And they'll get across the border. Now my position although I have absolutely no use for a fully automatic weapon anyway. Uh-huh. Since I am a law-abiding citizen and I have never had a felony if I wanted to buy one I don't think there should be that big of a restriction on it. If they want to run a background check on me fine. If they want to put a seven day waiting period fine again. Uh-huh. <SEP> If they want want me to present a letter from my county sheriff saying that I've got his permission to have an automatic weapon in his county that's fine too. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. What I don't gets dangerous in terms of civil liberties because pretty soon it's it wouldn't. You don't want to have someone making a personal trust in that way I would hope. I mean because I mean someone. The personal sheriff doesn't like doesn't get to have a gun. And someone the personal sheriff. Well. <SEP> The only well the criteria the sheriff would have to follow has is this guy a convicted felon? Uh. Is he a habitual trouble maker? Are we picking him up every Saturday for a drunk and disorderly. Yeah. And if he had an automatic weapon could he really be raising some problems. You know just proving that you're a basically a good citizen. But if you're not a if you're not a basically good citizen. You just told me that you're going to get one of those guns anyway. <SEP> If if they want the firepower they can get it. So why hav-. Because it doesn't matter how restrictive your border control points are. They'll get it across the border one way or the other. So why have any restrictions at all? <SEP> Uh okay. Let-. Go back to that one to ten scale where one being full gun control ten being none. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> I'd said about an eight. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well we can could be. I said the restrictions I would like to see on for anybody whether it being for handgun a rifle a shotgun. I would like to see them go through either. I'd like to see a law enforcement agency not N R A. But whether it be the your state police or your county police for you to be able purchase a handgun. You got to go through their course and get certified that you know how to properly handle the weapon how to safely handle the weapon how to properly maintain it the three basics. Well that makes a lot of since to me. I mean I certainly feel that if if we may disagree on when someone should own a fire arm. But uh I certainly agree that if someone owns a fire arm that have as much responsibility to know how do use it safely as someone learns how to drive if not more so. <SEP> Well the han-. In the hands of the wrong person the car can be just as deadly as the weapon as a as a pistol. Yeah. Well I have a bicycle. And that scares me too to tell you the truth because I've been run off the road and all sorts of things. Well I'm still I'm still puzzled though what is the argument. How does the argument work if uh if the bad guys are going to have guns anyway. What's the point of putting a restrictio-. Basically the restrictions are just to penalize the good guys because the bad guys are going to get the guns anyway. They're not going to take those courses. Is it uh is it a way of raising the prices of illegal guns? <SEP> Well there's. If it's not going to cut the supply of illegal guns it must going to at least raise the prices. Does that uh mean advantage? Uh not necessarily a price thing. What is happening at least in this state. And I expect to see it in other states very soon. Legislation been introduced as that if a citizen of the state being myself has not committed a felony and has completed a certified weapons course I can carry a weapon on me at all times concealed or uncon- unconcealed. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Okay. You you're you're from California right? Uh-huh. <SEP> L A area? Uh no. Bay area. San Francisco Bay area. Okay. <SEP> Okay. You've been to the city? Uh-huh. And all these people come around. Someone attempts to mug me I would ju-. I would. As it stands now if he pulls a blade on me we're equally matched because I can meet him blade for blade. Uh-huh. <SEP> Now if this legislation comes through. He pull-. I'm out with my family. Uh-huh. We've gone shopping. We're fixing to get in the car. This guy comes up. He pulls a blade on me. I can pull a gun on him now. When you're and when you're looking down the barrel of a hand cannon things change real quick. What if you're looking down the barrel of a hand cannon? <SEP> Then it's still equally matched. Having having spent time in combat I feel I feel it before they'll get the gun on me. I. Yeah. <SEP> Well. If I'm at the same time. I'm I'm sure. <SEP> I'm sure given all given all your training I'm sure that you know you'd. If I walk into a bad neighborhood I'm sure I'd want to walk through with you because I'm sure you have good you know fa- far above the average instinct for how to use guns and how to use them effectively and everything. Um I'm quite concerned that if you let everyone. Hasn't yet used a gun in a haven't hasn't yet committed a felony. If you let them all walk around carrying guns. In this sort of wild west scenario you're going to get an awful lot of people shooting guns pretty quickly just given human nature. You're going to start getting a lot of gunfire. It's it's hard for me to imagine that a a situation of you know. Take it to a logical extreme. If everyone walking around carrying a guns you're not going to have an increase in gunfire. <SEP> I actually it's no-. It's more of a police action in itself. The fact that everybody is packing a piece is a deterrence for someone saying well I'm going to mug this guy right here. But hey he's carrying just as much firepower as I can. And if they're sca- if you got to go through a certification course to get where to where you can carry it in public then this individual also knows this guy's pretty good with it. Uh-huh. Now whether this person is made the moral decision whether he can take another human life or not that's another trip. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> In defense of myself defense of my family or defense of my friends I can blow somebody a way in a heart beat. Even even more so when it comes to my my wife and son. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Anybody anybody tries to hurt them I won't even blink. I know. No. I I understand that. What if uh what if you think someone's trying to hurt them and you make a mistake? <SEP> This this is where the question of gun control comes in. Yeah. Well uh that that was the topic. What I consider gun control is being able to hit my target with the first shot. <SEP> Uh-huh. Say a person uh uh get. All of a sudden my combat in me goes up. And say I've got the vibes this guy's fixing to do something. I go ahead and pull my piece. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I make sure this persons sees it so that he's got now doubt that I will use it on him. And I will use it right then. Uh-huh. If he doesn't back up at that point he deserves what he gets because I have sent the clearest signal you mess with me you mess with my family I'm going to dust you. As it stands now I've got to do that with a blade. And the only reason I feel confid- com- com- comfortable doing that is because of the training I've had. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well as as someone who would would possibly be in the role of an independent bystander I feel more comfortable with people having blades because uh you're not going to get bullets flying around killing people instantly. And uh. <SEP> Well if I'm the one doing the shooting I don't miss. That's the kind of training I've had. I mean.
sw3411.txt:What kind of car would you like to buy next? Well I guess Cadillac. I guess that's kind of everybody's dream. Well why would that be? <SEP> Oh I guess it's a General Motors product. And I like General Motors because they're made in the United States. And uh we've had General Motors for years and have always had real good luck with them. Okay. Well that's good. Uh-huh. If you had uh no financial requirements if you could buy any car in the entire world no matter what it cost what would you buy? <SEP> Oh um I think I'd still go with the Cadillac. Do you? I don't I don't care about a big fancy fancy. Which type of Cadillac uh is your favorite? <SEP> Oh I don't know. I guess the Seville probably or. The Seville. Yeah. That's a sharp looking car. <SEP> Yeah. That really is. It it always has been though. You know. Yeah. They have been. It doesn't have the Coup de Ville or the Sedan de Ville squareness. It never really has. It's always had it's own unique look. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well I've always liked that. I liked the the. One year they had a couple years they had where the trunk head would look like belt buckles across the back of it. Oh yeah. Right. I thought now that looks sharp. <SEP> Yeah. That looks real sharp. Well I think the ones now with all of the uh fancy gold lettering and all you know I think they're very pretty. Uh-huh. <SEP> And course the top now the vin- what is it a vinyl top I think those are pretty. Yeah. And uh the. I I've never really uh I've never ridden in one recently um. But they're supposed to be just real smooth. Uh-huh. Just a nice comfortable ride. <SEP> Yeah. They are. And uh they they're just always. They they look like they're sturdy you know. Uh-huh. They look like they're very sturdy. And you don't have to worry that much about um getting you know hurt like you would in a small one. Right. Now they've got a unique fa- uh feature in them now. If uh if you have a front end accident at such a rate of speed the e- the engine will actually drop out of the car so that it doesn't come through the so it doesn't go it doesn't go through the you know into the inside. It'll go underneath the car instead. <SEP> Oh I didn't know that. So that's that's a big safety factor they've got in them now. Yeah. And I suppose they all have the balloons. The air bags. Yeah. <SEP> The air bags. Yeah. Well. So. Well that's great. That's great. Yeah. Yeah. So you say you've always have preferred General Motors products. <SEP> Yeah. I do. Um I I go for things you know built in the United States rather than foreign countries. Right. Help our economy. And. What kind of uh General Motors cars have you had in the past? <SEP> Mostly Oldsmobiles. Oldsmobiles. Those are real nice riding cars too. Oh yeah. That's what we have now. But of course if I have a choice I'd still have the Cadillac. But uh I've been very satisfied with the with the Oldsmobiles. <SEP> We've driven them for about probably twenty years. Has that been the Cutlass or the Sierra? Uh no. The Ninety-Eight. The Ninety-Eight. Okay. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. So. Well I don't think. Uh let's see. The Ninety-Eight. Now that's got that big V eight engine in it doesn't it doesn't it? Well I don't know. The one we have has a six. Has a little V Six? <SEP> Uh-huh. Okay. But it's a very good car. It's a had not had one minute's problem with it. It. <SEP> And I've had now I have twenty-three thousand miles on it. Oh that's great. Yeah. That's great. That's always nice to get uh reliability in a product. Especially when you're spending you know anywhere from fifteen to twenty-five thousand dollars for for a single item. You know. <SEP> Right. You just don't want any hassles with it. No. You just you expect it to do its its job. And I think a lot of a lot of car manufacturers don't really keep that into consider- don't take that into consideration you know. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. That's true. They just expect you to buy their product. But that's always been something that's been a key factor in me is how reliable is this car going to be you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Price is is an issue. But it's not the most important issue. No. It really isn't because now you can get like five year financing on them. And so um. Right. <SEP> But I I I would go with the General Motors any time. Well I've always been a Ford man myself. Oh really. Yes. <SEP> Oh. But that's all right. Yeah. Well sure. You know it's American made too which is good. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. Um but I I've. Ever since I guess I I was growing up my dad's always had Fords. And uh well I grew up in South Dakota. So everybody has a truck. <SEP> Uh-huh. And my Ford trucks have just. I've I've just never had problems with them. Uh-huh. I honestly think I would die before my truck would keel over on me. <SEP> Yeah. So. <SEP> Well I. Yeah. Those are good products also. Um let's see.
sw2672.txt:Start. What kind of recycling programs do you have in Rowlett? Um th-. Well right now they've got a kind of a central location off of the main highway. And they've got some great big bins there for newspaper um plastic um I think three bins for glass white green and whatev- whatever other combination there is. <SEP> And and I think they've got a comp- uh some kind of container for aluminum. Plano's doing real good on that. They have uh they start off putting out great big huge garbage cans. Which we're supposed to put all our week's garbage into it. Uh-huh. <SEP> And of course it doesn't fit right now. Yeah. But now we start in May breaking it down. And they're picking it all up. Um. <SEP> So they're going to by. And we have to separate our papers and our glass. And then uh they have one day for like um oh everything you picked up from your yard. Uh-huh. And we put that in disposable bags. And they pick that up on Monday. Um. <SEP> So it's really great. I I'm really going head you know completely for it. I think it's marvelous. Well that's good. Well Rowlett had sent sent out a survey not too long ago um in terms in how many people were interested in having a a pick up I guess on the days they do trash or something like that. And apparently a lot of people responded to it favorl- favorably because they're going to do it. I don't know how how soon they're going to do it or how organized it's going to be. But they're they're supposed to initiate that some- sometime in the next couple of months. Well does your uh. Where you work do they also have aluminum cans pickups and things like that? Um I've never noticed that. We don't have a a whole lot because we're in a hospital setting. So most of the things we have are through our cafeteria. Um. <SEP> Well down in the cafeteria do they have any place where you can put your you know pop cans and things like that? Um no. There's there's only one pop machine. And it's not accessible to the cafeteria now. So uh mainly what they serve in there is juice and coffee and tea. So you don't have much choice there. No. Not not really. <SEP> Well I work at uh J C Penny. And last week they brought. They have a sign up that says for one full week you bring in your old wire hangers. Uh-huh. And they're going to recycle them. Um. <SEP> So it's getting people clean out their closets and such. Uh-huh. And then like the week before that they said go through your cupboards and any food that is still good bring it in. And they brought it down to the shelters. And they have one two they have three I think that I know of for cans for people have pop. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they put them right near where they have the time cards. Yeah. And it works great. And they have one in the room where the snack machines are too. That's good. <SEP> So they're really going at it. And I think it's marvelous because. Yeah. I I guess Rowlett's done a lot for the size town it is. Well. And I think they're trying to to make some changes. I I noticed at the library or someplace this past uh month month and a half ago they were having a speaker um talk about doing lawn work and h- how important it is to to cut your lawn without a bag. Just to kind of mulch it rather than bag it up because of a- all the the grass that's being bagged and being hauled away by the garbage trucks and stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's uh I guess a lot more e- ecological to just mow the grass and let it work its way back into the soil. Well did you watch the program the other night on um was it SAVE AMERICA? I saw part of that. <SEP> It was good. The only thing I g- thought um that I haven't been trying is when I you know go to take a shower to save the water and to put it on my plants. Which I had never thought about before. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I've already gone to. Oh I started years ago I guess not years ago. But yeah. I would say five years ago turning off my fountain I mean my water faucet in the sink when I brush my teeth. Uh-huh. But I didn't realize that was the biggest waste of water. Yeah. <SEP> That was surprising to me. Um. I missed that question totally I mean really bad. I'm trying to think. I didn't miss too many. I can't remember what my score was. But I did exceeding well. I was surprised. But I didn't realize that our garbage isn't being decomposed. That was a shocker to me. Yeah. Well there are a lot of things that aren't. I'm. That's uh one of the things I wonder about. Uh one of the questions was do you think more should be done or something else. I I wonder about some of the prod- products that they don't take like some of the plastics and things that they don't take. Uh why why they couldn't do more recycling with those. <SEP> Well I was in uh Bizmart the other day. And what I don't understand is there is recycled paper in there. And it cost more than regular paper. Um. And it was only I think uh forty cents more you know fifty cents more. But It upset me to realize that hey the recycling that they're going through the expense of recycling. Yeah. <SEP> But people aren't buying it. So the cost of it is higher. True. Yeah. I noticed that about things like. I s- I seen a lot of adds recently for organic fertilizers and and lawn additives and that type of thing. But the cost is is like double or sometimes triple what the regular things you fertilizers and things you buy. Uh-huh. So in in terms of that. It's. You know and for the environment it's it's there's a good reason to do it. But the cost is kind of prohibitive. <SEP> Now see that's recycling you know. Companies that do at least go into it. I'd like to see subsidy by the government or something or tax-wise or something heavily enough to where they could get their prices lower than regular. Uh-huh. So that people would use this stuff re- over again. Yeah. It's a good idea. <SEP> It's like when he was saying uh which one was recyclable which was reusable. Uh-huh. And the recycle ones are better to use. But lots of times you don't even see the signs on the bottles. Yeah. True. <SEP> And if we're going to really do something they ought to put that stuff out bigger for people to see it. I had to put my bifocals on to see it. Um. That's hard when you're in a grocery store and you're short anyway. Yeah. <SEP> You have to get enough nerve to ask somebody to take something off the top shelf. You haven't got enough nerve to say well put it back. It's not recyclable. I I'd heard something stranger. Talk about bottles the other day on uh on the radio station I think it's K L T Y. They were talking about the. I think it's in Canada they're using oh recyclable milk jugs plastic milk jugs as a a reinforcement for roads. For road repairs. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh really? And apparently they they don't break down very easily. And they don't expand or or contract when the weather changes. Oh. And this is kind of an unusual use for that type of thing. <SEP> You know they're. Along that same line they said they were using um. What is oh I know. It was toilets. You know the old ones? Smashing them up because they're that stuff there is great for in road work. Uh-huh. Huh. <SEP> And I thought well that's good. And then I saw recycling on tires between uh. Well hoses were being used and uh uh soaker hoses made out of old tires. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> What else. Something else was made out of old tires. I was trying to remember what it was. Oh I can't think of it now. But I was I was trying to get my uh kids you know to see different things that we could come up with for recycling purposes. Uh-huh. And just anything to you know recycle rather than keep throwing it away. But my biggest problem is I take the bags out of the store buy the bags to bring the back. And then I forget to bring them in the store. Yeah. <SEP> I'm forever going back out to my car to pick up my bags to bring them and take my garbage back out. I wish they'd really push this recycling bit because I never realized I really didn't realize how much stuff I actually throw away. Well I think the the more people are aware of it the the more they'll do. I think that's just the biggest problem is keeping it in in front of the public so they understand how serious the problem is and how important it is to do that. You know what I'd like to see a little more. I don't have any little tiny kids. Uh-huh. <SEP> But if they get the little tiny kids saving it now in five years when they get bigger it'll work a little bit more too. Yeah. True. <SEP> Because it's. We've all got to do it right now. I just. I really amazed to find out that what is it eighty per cent are filled now in in garbage fills. In five years we're supposed to be at max. Uh-huh. I don't think I can keep my own garbage. I mean I might not have that much. But I wouldn't.
sw3768.txt:Well what kind of vacations do you like to take? Well we've uh we've been fortunate enough to take a couple of trips over to Europe. So. So I I guess those are the types I like. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. We've really enjoyed them. Yeah. Where have you gone there? <SEP> We've gone to um Germany Switzerland Austria Ireland and England. Uh-huh. We've been to Germany twice. Uh-huh. <SEP> But um I guess my favorite is probably Switzerland and Ireland. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well I've been over there too. Uh-huh. Where have you been? I even. Let's see um. Mostly Germany and France. <SEP> Uh-huh. I lived in France for a year and a half. So I was able. Oh how neat. But I once when I had a chance in France to go on vacation instead of travelling around France I went to Germany. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because uh I've got relatives there. And I just like it there. Oh that's neat. <SEP> Uh-huh. So but um Austria I found really pretty and Switzerland. Uh-huh. Yeah. And I I lived in the Alps in France. So I anything in the mountains over there I just love. <SEP> Oh how neat. Oh yeah. Then I finally made it to England too uh on my way home um. I lived in Africa actually. And on my way home from there. <SEP> You lived in Africa? Yeah. Oh my goodness. Yeah. <SEP> Wow. So um and you always have to go out fly through or unless you fly from Nairobi you have to fly through um uh Europe on your way home. Uh-huh. So I went to England. And I really liked it there too. <SEP> It's so expensive over there. I know. It's true. That's the one thing. <SEP> It really is. It just it's it's. I love to go over there. But it's so darn expensive to go over. Yeah. Yeah. Actually now you can get some really good deals flying over. But it's. <SEP> Yeah. Once you're there you still have to spend money. Unless you know people you know. Oh I know. Just. <SEP> Right. Then you can stay with them. And yeah. Uh-huh. That helps a lot. <SEP> Yeah. But. You know there's a lot of places in the states that we haven't even gone. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know I'd like to go to Hawaii some time. And and uh we made it. Yeah. We've we've at least gone to the Grand Canyon and Niagara Falls. So. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Feel like we've accomplished a little bit here. I haven't. I've been I've. Most of my vacationing in the U S has been on the West Coast. Uh-huh. Or this summer I went to Colorado. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh I'd love to go to the East Coast during the Fall. The oh the. It's oh. I've always wanted to go there. I've seen pictures. And and it looks gorgeous. Yeah. <SEP> We um we made a trip up the East Coast. It was uh in the summer. Uh-huh. And it really is pretty. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's uh. Both coasts are really pretty. Yeah. But um I love the Carolinas. It's just gorgeous over there. Uh-huh. I haven't been there anywhere on the East Coast. <SEP> Yeah. I think Tennessee has been the furthest east I've been. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Well you'll just have to plan a vacation some time and and go over there. Yeah. I guess so. Yeah. But there's you know there's a lot to see here. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I just love going over to Europe because it's so their way of life is just so different than ours. Yeah. You know we're so fast paced here. And over there you know every time we'd go and and eat dinner or lunch or whatever we'd always have to ask for the check you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. They're so leisurely over there. Yeah. <SEP> And it's kind of nice to to have that. Yeah. So the type of vacation you'd like um. Like would you go over and spend a lot of time in one place or travel to whole bunch of different places in one week? Well usually a bunch of different places. Yeah. Main- mainly probably because you want to see everything. <SEP> Right. See as much as you can while you're there. Yeah. Yeah. I know. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. How did you like Africa? Well I liked it. I was working in Cameroon Africa. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's not a it's not a place for tourists. I mean they're not used to having tourists there. So it's. Uh-huh. You're kind of roughing it. But um I liked it. I liked it. <SEP> Uh-huh. The people there are just very very friendly. And. What type of work? Um I was working with an organization that does Bible translation. <SEP> Oh okay. So I was doing linguistic work actually travelling around finding out about languages and uh what they call survey work. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Find out where the languages are. Uh-huh. So I travelled a lot around the country and met a lot of people. <SEP> Yeah. Um. That's neat. Yeah. I enjoyed it. So. <SEP> I've I've always um I've talked to people who have been to Africa. And they. And then of course when that movie OUT OF AFRICA came out. Yeah. Um but I've always thought it would be neat to go on a safari over there. Yeah. My cousin came over while I was there. And she came to Cameroon. And then she went over to Nairobi and took a safari around you know close to Nairobi in Kenya. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh how neat. So she'd always dreamed of doing that too. <SEP> Yeah. That's great. So. Yeah. So is there any place you would try to talk me into going to? Uh. It sounds like we've been to some of the same places. <SEP> Yeah. It does.
sw2609.txt:Well do you think uh. I mean I wonder. The assumption is that it is a problem uh. And I've never actually had too many people explain to me why it's a problem though I have the same instinctual feeling that it's a problem. And uh but it's not clear to me that it is. Uh bo-. Um it's a problem if those voting don't represent the population demographically or in terms of their opinions. But if those who don't vote if you made them vote. And it those who don't vote would have voted exactly the same way you know in other words if forty percent had voted for that person and sixty percent for the other just like everyone who did vote it's not clear to me that it is really a problem um. <SEP> Um that's that's interesting. Because I had thought. I ha- feel that it's a problem also. But I see your point on that. I mean I I assume that those who don't vote. I mean if you look at the break down of those who don't vote they tend to be you know. Poor blacks for example vote very little and things like that. And I assume that they would vote differently if they were voting than your average voter. But I don't know if that's the case. Uh. In fact I've heard of studies that suggest that that isn't. <SEP> Apparently they don't think it's a problem. Uh I guess not. I'm I I vote religiously. I really do. Um I guess I guess I'm a fan of democracy. And uh wish I could vote on more things frankly. That's right um. But it's funny because here in California things are getting uh increasingly democratically oriented in in the sense of people being able to vote for things. I mean we have these initiatives state initiatives now. <SEP> Oh. The first really popular you know wide spread one was uh Proposition Thirteen which was a uh tax revolt against property taxes. Right. I r-. Uh and you know now we're. And that was whatever ten years ago. And now we're up to Proposition a Hundred and fifty or something like that. I mean we've just. There were apparently voters who just threw up their hands after the last voters pamphlet because they were asked being asked to make decisions on topics that would have three different competing proposals. And you had to vote for you know yes or no on each of them. And no one could make heads or tails out of some of them. And it was incredibly complicated and difficult. And a lot of people revolted against that. They said we don't want to have to decide all these things. <SEP> You know that's that's that's why we hire people who uh you know to to make these decisions for us. I I kind of feel the opposite though. Yeah. <SEP> I wish we were given an opportunity to vote on more things. I do t-. I think our elected officials say they are speaking for us. But they're not speaking for me. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. I wouldn't mind having oh more votes than I get to have frankly. <SEP> That's true. Anyone who doesn't vote it's fine with me as long as I can have their vote. That would make me happy though. Maybe not in a in a deep philosophical sense but in a selfish sense it probably would. I don't know. It's interesting uh some countries voting is obligatory. <SEP> Well. Uh it is in Australia for example. Is that true? Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> I didn't know that. I was think-. That is one solution to it. I don't know how I feel about that. But I don't. That's not really democratic. Not what I'd consider truly democratic. Well Australia considers itself every bit as much a democracy as the United States. <SEP> As. Uh-huh. And it's not for me to say that they're not. Uh-huh. Um they they feel. I mean here you have the right to vote. And they simply define it as a duty there. You know we have just as we have a r- a duty to pay taxes you know. Is that democratic? I mean we don't have the right to pay taxes in this country. We have the duty to pay taxes. <SEP> It's a duty right. And in that country it's a duty to pay taxes. And it's a duty to vote on how those taxes are spent. And it's not clear to me that that's so much less democratic. Um. I don't know. Uh-huh. But part of me rebels against that. <SEP> I it's that's it's complex question when you start thinking about it isn't it. But then I'm an American. Yeah. And some people don't vote. I mean there is. Like three or four percent of Australians don't vote. And I think they're el- eligible for a fine. I don't know if they actually are fined or or what happens. But you're eligible for some sort of fine if you don't vote. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's interesting. I have people here that I know that have never registered to vote. Uh-huh. And I think I think they feel they can criticize if they don't. Yeah. I was sort of s-. <SEP> I told them if they don't vote they don't have the right to criticize. Well I. That's how I feel. I mean if yo- if you vote and your guy looses well you leas- you least tried. And you can say something. But if you don't vote I sort of feel like part of me and it's kind of a nasty part of me feels like well if you didn't vote you get what's coming to you you know. That's right. I feel th-. And certainly that's true in the overall. I mean no one individual that's true for but for the population as a whole. I sort of feel that way. When they especially when someone they they don't vote for someone because they don't like any of them and then the person gets in and they don't like him and he turns out to have been worse than her that they might have voted for or something like that. And you know I say well you know voting for the lesser of two evils is still important. <SEP> I think it is too. Sometimes it is a difficult choice. You don't feel as though you have much of a choice. But. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you I mean it's it's funny because technically you do. I mean you have the right to do a write in candidate. But of course that's that's not really a vote. Um. It doesn't really gain anything. Yes. It rea- really doesn't. And so it's it's a complicated situation. But I would like to see. I don't know. I I I'm I'm thinking of actually moving to Australia. And and perha- perhaps I'll call you back and let you know what how the Australian system works. <SEP> Is that goin-. I mean not because of the vo- I mean I'm not thinking of moving there because of the voting but just because of a job opportunity. <SEP> Not be-. Oh I see. And uh I. <SEP> I'm inte- are you a T I employee I'm interested. No. I'm not. Not. Okay. I just wondered. And uh so I'm I'm really quite quite curious how that would work to have both I mean you know. And I believe in the in a certain uh. Soviet bloc countries you are are obliged to vote too. In fact it was even pretty much spelled out who you did vote for up until fairly recently. And that's what I think of when I think of you're obliged to vote. But when you actually really are given as much choice as you are in this country with its two party system um. I don't know. I kind of. Part of me is wary. And part of me likes the idea of having it be more of a duty um. <SEP> Well uh maybe they should. Perhaps that would be a solution if they were required to vote at least for their first three or four years after they become of voting age. Required to register and vote for four years. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And perhaps they would be indoctrinated that this is their duty. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well that's a thought. Or certain privileges come from voting which aren't that important but are nice to have. I don't know. The right to write your. <SEP> Maybe it should go with a driver's license. Yeah. That's see that's an example of a right not a not a. Actually. That's considered a privilege not a right. That is a privilege. Right. Tha-. Yeah. But technically people most people. Technically it's a privilege. But most people think of it as a right. I mean in other words if the government denies you driving denies you a driver's license people get very upset. But actually it's a privilege which is allowed to be revoked. <SEP> It is. That's correct. And fortunately voting isn't that. <SEP> Maybe it should maybe it should be. Except well except if you're a felon. If you're a felon it is taken away from you. Uh-huh. I mean they will take away your right to vote under certain circumstances. <SEP> That's right. Um so gosh. So we don't have a great solution yet do we. Don't have a great. I I think I checked that as a question I'd be willing to discuss too. Oh. But I I also I also I don't know if you've uh read any of the um oh what do they call those. The uh the early republican uh republic documents uh when they were arguing through constitutional law written by Hamilton and all those people. <SEP> No. No. I haven't. Um oh Hamilt- I think it was Hamilton who wrote number ten or something where he was arguing for a republican not in the sense of the Republican party now versus a democratic uh government and arguing successfully why the United States should be a republic not a democracy. Which indeed it really is a republic not a democracy. Right. Where he defines dep- democracy as everyone votes for the issues and republic is people who vote for someone who then in turn votes for the issues. In other words you vote for representatives. <SEP> Uh-huh. And the whole idea was um presumably those who get voted in would be wiser than the average person and and a specialist and able to make more informed decisions and can protect against the tyranny of democracy. Because just as you can have a tyranny of a single um you know bad ruler or something you can have a tyranny of the majority. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh he makes a very uh passionate good argument for why you don't want some things decided by democratic process. Because anytime you have a majority um they can change the law in a democ- a fully democratic process. And there are cases when you don't want that to be the case. Um. Oh you know a candi-. If there's some minority that people don't like because of you know racial hatred or something like that the majority can just simply vote again- vote against them. Right. And cases like that he argues need to be constrained. And and actually I agree except that I don't trust the people who are appointed to vote. <SEP> Sometimes I think we have that right now with Congress. Yeah. Well I I mean I feel that I feel that wa-. I think they're looking after their own self preservation more than they're actually looking after the good of the country. Yeah. Well their job is to be reelected by in large. And so they work on that job. And there's also an antigovernment mood in the country you know where government is misspending your dollars. And and they're all fools. And you know throw throw the bastards out. That kind of thing. <SEP> Right. And there's a notion that somehow if someone isn't as much as a government person they're less corrupt and they're more likely to be good which is really strange. Because I mean if I'm hiring a plumber I want a real plumber. I want someone trained in.
sw2060.txt:Okay. The topic is to discuss the uh sources where I receive news. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh for me that's mostly newspaper and radio. I almost never watch television as a matter of course. So I don't get news from television. Except during the war I watched a lot of C N N because it was so good. Uh-huh. Well why was C N N the only. Of course I think Saddam Hussein only allowed C N N to broadcast it. Is that not true? <SEP> Um. It was unusual not to have the different sources you know of news coverage. Yeah. Um I don't know. I guess uh I don't even know why I watched C N N. I guess I just wanted more news. It's one of the few times I wanted more news than. Yeah. Well I know even if you watched A B C N B C or the other. I mean what's the other one uh C B S. <SEP> C B S. They all were were tapped into C N N. Were they? Uh-uh. <SEP> Yeah. That's the only thing they broadcast. And like you I listened to radio on my job at work. Uh-huh. And all this week they have been having this uh a discussion about that is why uh why C N N was. Well I listen to a Christian radio station. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they were saying that C N N is definitely a world uh news service. And uh they. It was. You can't really be sure of the quality of what you've got you know. Huh. Uh we had some uh some people from our church went to Israel uh just for a uh tour sort of thing. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I was watching on TV. They they broadcast this terrible riot. Supposedly that was going on in Jerusalem. So we got all fearful for our people come to find out they came back and said they weren't even aware of it. Right. And so it really made me question as to what how do we know you know uh if the news we're getting is any good. So. <SEP> Yeah. I guess the news just focuses on major events that probably don't affect ninety-nine percent of the people who are right there when the news is being made. Yeah. Right. Right. <SEP> But uh I I'm from California. And I can remember being in uh in these earthquakes. And I mean they were they were very minor kinds of things from my point of view and it seemed you know from anyone else's point of view. Yeah. But they get all blown up in the news. Um. Uh-huh. Well I I find it depressing to watch our. Specially TV you know. It's just uh. Local news concentrates on murders and things like that. I'm from Dallas. And uh we have a lot of bad stuff uh. It just really gets me depressed even to watch it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. So then you wake up one morning. And you are in war with somebody. You don't even even know about it. <SEP> Right. So. Well what newspapers uh do you read in Dallas? Uh we have the DALLAS TIMES HERALD and the DALLAS MORNING NEWS. But I don't I don't read newspapers. <SEP> Don't you? Huh-uh. How come? Uh-huh. I find it hard to uh follow from one page to another. It's just something I have never developed uh an interest in. <SEP> Huh. And I live in kind of a bad area where if I have the paper delivered it's stolen before I can get out and get it. Gosh that's that sounds pretty bad to me. I mean who would steal a newspaper? You would be surprised. <SEP> Huh? They just come by and pick them up even if it's just for the TV you know t- uh selections of the day. I see. I don't know. It just wouldn't be there whenever I tried it. <SEP> Yeah. So you're right. Who would steal a newspaper? But they do. Yeah. What part of California are you from? <SEP> Uh from Los Angeles. But I live in Raleigh North Carolina right now. That's where I am speaking to you from. Oh okay. But I grew up in L A. I work out here. Huh you work for T I? <SEP> No. I don't. I work for North Carolina State University. Huh. But uh I know some people at T I. And I have a couple of students who have graduated and gone to work for them. Yeah. <SEP> So I'm in the computer business. Well I. Boy current events is not a good subject for me. Well. I don't keep up with it that often. <SEP> Let's see I've I've I've never done this before. I mean I've never. This is your first call? This is my first call. Because I just got my password. <SEP> Oh really. Yeah. So I don't know. Are we suppose to. It seems to me it says you are suppose to talk for three minutes. But I think we've been talking for three minutes. And nobody has interrupted. Yeah. Well I I got into a conversation last night with a lady. And they interrupt at ten minutes. <SEP> I see. So if we've done our three minutes. Let's just let the conversation end and say bye. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well all right. Nice talking to you. Nice talking to you too. All right. Bye. Bye-bye.
sw3375.txt:Uh well I I guess it's a subject I haven't thought too much about. Uh I don't know if there's so much wrong with the public schools uh as much as we're expecting too much out of them. <SEP> Uh that might be a lot to do with it. I know a lot of it here in my state. I'm from Mississippi. I'm not sure where you're from. Minnesota Wisconsin. Minnesota. Okay. Well a lot of it in Mississippi here has got to do with funding. Yeah. <SEP> Problems with our educational system a lot of it's due to money. Uh-huh. And they're trying to spend money where we don't have it. And there's a lot of things we need that we just can't afford. Yeah. Well it's it is getting very expensive to run schools. So. <SEP> Well it is. They've got computers now that you got to train on. There's just so much uh more and less money to do it with. Right. <SEP> That's true. And a lot of it lot of it has to do with uh salaries too speaking of money. Right. Yeah. <SEP> Cause if you can't pay the right people you know they're not to be able to do they're not not going to get the people that can do a good job. Yeah. Yeah. I I I guess that in uh. Talking on a lot of the things as far as the discipline in the schools I I think they're expecting schools to discipline the kids. And uh I think it should go right back to the parents. If you don't train your kids right then. Right. <SEP> Right. I feel the same way. A lot has to do with how the kids were raised at home. Right. Yeah. And then when the kids get to school they try to take away a lot of things that they can do to discipline the kids. I mean they've so severely limited. What disciplinary action you can do. Yeah. Yeah. I I know when I uh was going to school it wasn't uncommon for a teacher to strike a student that was misbehaving. <SEP> Exactly. Right. I mean they do that now. And they could probably lose their job. Lose their job and big lawsuit and all that. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> I feel that's got a lot to do with it. People aren't as afraid of misbehaving as they used to be. Right. Right. Yeah. It seems that'd be a subject that I I don't have much to say on. Really. We we've talked some about it in my state because we've had a lot of uh prob-. Our governor that just got thrown out of office was trying to be real big on education. But he wasn't. Yeah. <SEP> And a lot of his problems had to do with money mostly. I know a lot a lot of. If you have more money it's just logical that you can provide a better school system. Uh-huh. And unfortunately there's not many places to get that money. Yeah. <SEP> Then if you don't have qualified teachers in the different. I know one of my physics professors at college has addressed this. That most of the teachers at the elementary and high school level aren't scientists. They're teachers. And they may not know a lot about what they're teaching. Where they may have just had a teaching major and then had some social studies courses. And they're trying to teach social studies. And they don't know a lot about that. Right. Where maybe a physics professor. He my professor was a physics professor. And he said a lot of teachers teaching physics today have no background of physics at the high school level. So therefore they're teaching from a teacher's point of view and not from a physicist point of view. And that causes a lot of trouble. Right. Yeah. I don't know. E- e- maybe they should sit back and and kind of uh decide on where the money's best spent. I know in a lot of cases uh different districts like to have nice fancy schools. <SEP> Right. And maybe they should be a little more uh uh concerned with paying the right people to teach and and be uh satisfied with maybe a little older school. Exactly. Because I mean here in the town I went to high school. One of the there were four high schools in my county one of the high schools was blown away by a tornado. So when they rebuilt that school they had a a top of the line high tech school there. Uh-huh. <SEP> And the other schools were built back in maybe the fifties or early sixties. And then when uh the evaluation committees came through they praised the school that had been rebuilt while they were down grading all these other ones. Telling them what they needed to do to fix up this building. And this and this and this and so it kind of would make you think that we'd all be better off if all the schools were blown away by tornadoes and we had to rebuild them. Yeah. Yeah. Well I I know uh where I came from. We didn't have a very uh rich community. And uh high school that I went to was very old. And uh as far as I know it's still there. They've e- expanded on it. But they've never built a new one. And it's probably fifty sixty years old or or better. And I don't foresee them uh building a new one for a long time because they can't afford it. Right. <SEP> Exactly.
sw2231.txt:Okay. Capital punishment. Oh I honestly don't feel like it's strict enough in my opinion. In the way that it's applied or it's applied at all? Uh-huh. <SEP> Applied at all. So I. How do you feel that it should be applied? Well I ju- I just feel like there's a lot of murderers and rapists and everything else just walking the streets. You know? <SEP> And that that the penalty ought to be out there and be enforced? Yes. Yes. Not getting paroled let's say in so many years. Yeah. I mean if you're going to sentence somebody let's say twenty years let them stay twenty years. <SEP> That's. I agree with that completely. I know we don't have enough prisons. But there has got to be some kind of punishment For these people. There has. That's right. <SEP> Because if they turn around they can get away they get away with it. And they get away with it. And they get away with it. And then they do something worse. Uh-huh. And they get a slap on the wrist. They get thirty days in jail. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And they final get up to where they kill somebody else. And they go through fourteen appeals and how many hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's right. That's honestly right. And it's. They have really got it better than we do in a lot of ways. You know? <SEP> Well they certainly are living off our ex- at our expense. Uh they sure are just because some innocent person can really. <SEP> I didn't. It seems like really a rough time. Yeah. You know? I'm not saying innocent person. Let's say someone wrote a hot check for instance. You know it seems like when they go to prison it they really seem like it's a rough time for them. <SEP> Uh-huh. And a murderer well go to prison oh. He's just there to serve his time and get back out on the street. And and be paroled and and have served the sentence. Yeah. <SEP> That's what that's what people face with that choice. One thing I really hate is they don't explain to the jurors in a in a trial in a capital murder trial or in cases of rape or in different things that are so horrible what it means when they sentence them to you know. They'll sentence them to ninety years and say that it's you know that it's going to you know. Uh-huh. That should be life. But instead in in. Given the choice of either sentencing to death or sentencing to life they'll give them ninety years in prison or something and then turn around in thirty years that you know. And less they're out. Uh-huh. <SEP> Even if if they're even in that long. Or they appeal. And then they get an appeal that says it was you know an unjust amount of time an extraordinary long length or something. Time uh-huh. Yes. I was I would just be. I would love to see them just really get real strict on parole you know. <SEP> Yeah. I'd like to see the death penalty more as a deterrent. I think people know that nobody that it doesn't you know. I- it's not a deterrent right now because it's not really effective. Uh-huh. <SEP> There's should be you know this for this crime this is the penalty. You killed someone you know in cold blood or whatever. Uh-huh. Yeah. You get it back. <SEP> Yeah. This is what's going to happen. Yeah. <SEP> And I mean it sounds horrible. It. I hear myself saying this. And but I don't know what else to do with some of these people that are. Yeah. But it's. I I know. <SEP> Because they let them back out again. And they do the same thing over and over again. Same thing. Yes. <SEP> Then they put them back in jail. And they get out. And and more and more innocent people are hurt or killed. Yes. Uh-huh. <SEP> And these guys just are on the endless merry-go-round in the legal system. Uh-huh. And it's like I said at our expense. Uh a lot of people really doesn't think that much about it because it hasn't happened to them which it hasn't to me either you know? <SEP> Yes. Thank goodness. But still i- it could. I know. I you read about it in the paper every day somebody who's done this or that something really horrible. Yes. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they just get away with it. And nothing happens. And as far as the other states I honestly don't know what their capital punishment is. You know I I haven't kept up you know anything like that. <SEP> Yeah. I think I think Texas is wha- Texas the southern states seem to be somewhat more conservative and still have the death penalty. <SEP> And I think I know California had it for a long time. And then they uh took it off the books. They repealed it. Uh-huh. And people like Charles Manson and and some of these other people who were sentenced to death at the time they repealed the death penalty were sentenced to life in prison and are now now that even though California has reinstated the death penalty for whatever various crimes. <SEP> The people who were there originally when they when they changed the laws to revoke the death penalty are still in there for are in prison in quote for life and and are now coming up for parole. Some of them like Manson who's come up you know. Uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's been denied fortunately. But. Yes. But still it came up though didn't it. Yeah. I mean you know. <SEP> Well the jury that sentenced him sentenced him to death. Uh-huh. And then while he was on appeal on his thousandth and one appeal the state of California revoked the law in the early seventies. And then they reinstated it later. But the penalty didn't go back. You know? Uh-huh. <SEP> It seems like a lot of times the law is is totally on the criminal side and and isn't protecting the rest of the people. Yes. The victim is really seems like left out in the cold more or less doesn't it. Uh-huh. In a lot of well especially in things you pick up the paper. And you read you know you think oh my goodness. <SEP> Yeah. And the the laws are all the rules. Some of the things that would make sense to to tell the jury that this this guy has a a prior cri- criminal history you know where he's raped ten women. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then he gets up for this one trial. And they don't finds anything out about the facts that he's done this over and over and over again. Uh-huh. And so they say well this is you know. I I don't know if they say it's the first time offense or whatever. But they give him a lighter sentence thinking he's not a habitual criminal. Or you know plead insanity. <SEP> Yeah. You know. And a lots of things. Yeah. Well. <SEP> To some extent if they would do something with some of those people. But that seems to be a good way to get off for a lot of them too. Oh yes. They plead insanity. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then three years later they're cured and let loose on society again. Yes. I. It just just doesn't make sense. I mean it's a it's a scary world out there anymore where you're afraid to go out. I. <SEP> I know in in the Dallas metroplex area I don't go out hardly if I don't have to at night by myself. Uh-huh. And I I certainly I I grew up in a smaller town in Texas. And it wasn't that way when I was younger. Uh-huh. Well like I said I live in a small place. You know. <SEP> We could go around. And boy and. But uh even the small towns now though has really changed from when I was a kid. But now I'm raising children. It ju- it really is. Yes. Ever. You can't even. When I was a kid I would run between my neighbors three and four blocks sometimes and as long as my mom had a general idea where I was and I was back on the time. Uh-huh. <SEP> And now I don't let my kids out of the front yard that I can't see them. See them. Yeah. Yeah. It really is. Well we're probably fixing to run out of time pretty soon. Uh-huh. But I've enjoyed talking to you. <SEP> Well good talking to you too. Bye. Bye. Bye. Okay. Bye-bye.
sw2826.txt:Um I think life uh. Now I grew up on a farm. I don't. What kind. Did you grow up in the farm. I grew up in um. Well at that time I was in a uh Trenton New Jersey. So and it was a suburb of Trenton. So I really had mixture of suburb and urban living. Uh-huh. <SEP> I see I see well lit- little bit different. Yeah. I think though it was much slower and uh much more self-contained. <SEP> I think you're right. It's interesting. I'm um I work in a high school. Uh-huh. So uh I'm comparing my life when I was in high school thirty years ago to what I see these children doing. Yes. <SEP> And the pressures on the children uh you know. You hear this as an excuse. But it's true they are so much greater. Unreal unreal by comparison. Oh I can not believe uh what they're doing uh academically the demands on them. And uh and I can see why children do drop out. Yeah. I think that's right. <SEP> I can see I can see the uh you know. I I can remember as a child you know nobody ever worried about me wondering out at night and going where I wanted to go. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. It wasn't it didn't occur to nobody to worry that anything would happen to me. They were. <SEP> And you you didn't you didn't have to lock your door. No. No. And uh a lo-. Some of these are urban worries. But uh it's uh it's a lot different all though I guess twenty years a go now in this area things were um similar because twenty years ago. Let's see. It was after. It's not all that long ago is it. <SEP> Yeah to. Twenty twenty-five years ago is when we had the Washington riots. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. The first rights we've been having some problem now. And it reminded me of that. Yeah. We were living in New Jersey. Uh in twenty years ago. <SEP> Uh-huh. Whereabouts? In Allendale. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh I use to have to go over to Patterson when those riots were going on at sometimes. Uh-huh. Um I don't know though. It's it's kind of hard to really know because of. Though the news media had those riots uh kind of blown up out of proportion. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well. Because I went there many times. And. The Washington riots weren't. Because. I never I never saw a riot. Did you? <SEP> The Washington riots weren't. Because I lived right downtown Washington. And uh and what you saw is was what you got. I'm telling you. That's what. Yeah. Well. <SEP> Yeah. But you know it's it is interesting uh. They're so many mor-. They're different kind of dangers that face young people now and social pressures uh. The pressures of drug is so much. The prevalence is so much greater. Uh-huh. The the kinds of diseases that you've got out the uh um. Uh-huh. <SEP> I mean the consequences is. So much of what's going on is so much more serious then when we were younger. I think that's true. I think that's true. I think the other thing is that uh we have taken some rather drastic turns in our in our education and the way we approach things as of maybe starting back when when I'm number one you know and uh uh uh worrying about self and not uh seeing the consequences of the disintegration of the family. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And uh and there have been many things that have happened that have not encouraged closeness of families and uh support for young people that the kind of support that they need to help them take care of the things. Yes. And. If you don't have some kind of of basic believe or something down inside of you then it's very difficult to uh have anything to turn to when you got when you've got something facing you like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's true. <SEP> I also being involved in the school system see so many of the problem children coming from their parents um children who will lie and cheat. And you approach their parents. And their parents are constantly justify them rather then to. Uh-huh. Uh you know they're constantly excusing their child. Like. <SEP> Right. And you can see exactly why the child is that way. Yeah. Exactly. <SEP> You can as a teacher can't hold a child accountable if you're not going to get reinforced by that at home. Yeah. That's right. <SEP> That's right. And you can't make up in a classroom of one hour a day what's not been done for fifteen or sixteen years at home. No. <SEP> That's right. Oh. <SEP> And you're you get mixed signals. So it's it's not always the school's systems. I think a lot of. It is the families the way you were mentioning. No. There's so much more then that. It starts very much deeper then that. Yeah. I think that too. I see some flickers of of uh of good directions turning. <SEP> No. But whether they're soon enough and fast enough I don't know. It's just. Of course life is a lot more complicated too in ways um. The kinds of jobs that people need to be trained for now. Right. <SEP> Uh you know with farming being so mechanized uh people working on the family farm which was a traditional American way that becomes less and less likely. Uh-huh. Factory jobs are so much more um uh sophisticated. Yeah. That's right. <SEP> And the kinds of knowledge that uh you know. It it's requiring an increasingly sophisticated labor force. And some people just don't have it. Right. And there's so much so so many people on the lower end of those who who are going to be the the drop outs and the and the poor and the homeless and whatnot. <SEP> And you worry when you know these the sex and drugs on the young children and the unborn children. Yeah. That's just another. <SEP> Uh in terms of what it's going to mean to a society in the future it's a. Yeah. Some ways it's rather frightening. It really is. It's just it just is almost overwhelming sometimes when you think of of the jobs that is out there to be done in order to flip things back around the way they needed to be. <SEP> It certainly is. Well it sure is. <SEP> It sure is. Uh not that I really think that they were perfect ten twenty or thirty years ago. But. It was a little easier though wasn't it? Uh yeah. Just the volume makes a big difference. <SEP> Yes. I think as uh as uh mother you know I use to think sometimes it's not so much uh it's not so much the kids. It's just the volume of it to try to keep all wash done and all the things done and you know and everything. Yeah. And all the things demanded of the mother too I mean. <SEP> Right. Uh I look at my mother's life. I mean she she didn't work um um. For a long time whe- when I was very young she didn't drive. Uh she learned to drive I think when I was um a teenager. And her life was a lot simpler. Right and and children's lives were simpler because mother was there. <SEP> And I sit here. Somebody was there. That's right. And and when there's nobody there. <SEP> That's right. That's right. I always thought too that you know people worrying about going to work when their child when their children are little. And I and I think that's sad if they have to because they miss so much. But I I believed after having a few teenagers that the worst time you could go to go work was when they were teenagers. They need you more as a teenager. <SEP> Isn't that true. That's why I'm working in a school system so that I'm home when they're home. Um. Right. It's not so much that they come to you every minute. But it's that you are there when they need you. That's exac-. Isn't that. That's so true. Yeah. <SEP> Uh uh I find working in a high school is very helpful because it lets me be a little more tolerant and understanding of what people do. Yeah. And it keeps me from being the old fogy. So but at the same time it also it prevents kids from try to go pull the wool over your eyes. <SEP> Yes. I think that's true. As to what's com-. But that's the same. I'm home in the summers. I'm home with the holidays. Yeah. That's. <SEP> I'm home at three o clock when the children are at home. Or where home. Yeah. One is now a senior in high school and the other's in college. Well. <SEP> And uh. But that helps a lot. It's uh it uh it does. I have a daughter who just had a second job. She needed to work. And he opted to go into a day care center where she could have her children with her. And uh and looked a long time before she found one that was laid back enough so they she would be able to interact with them. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. That's right. And uh and so I. You know good kind of experience as well. But uh. <SEP> Well I. I think that's really important. I don't think people realize how important it is. That's that is that is so true. Yeah uh. <SEP> And it's not that always that the children always say something. But every once in awhile they'll come up and make a comment. Yeah. And you realize it's important that uh. And yet you know we have to make that choice. I think twenty thirty years ago a lot of women just didn't have to make that choice. Yeah. <SEP> I think that's right. What was what was your name again? Well I. Linda Lee. Linda. <SEP> Uh-huh. Okay. And your name was? Well I think probably that we've just about. <SEP> Well I enjoyed talking with you. I'm going to change the world. But uh. <SEP> Well I enjoyed talking with you. Yes. It's nice talking to you too. Okay. Bye now. <SEP> Bye-bye.
sw3615.txt:Do you have any children? Yeah. I have two two boys twelve and sixteen. Twelve and sixteen. <SEP> Uh-huh. How about you? Well I have three. And uh they're five and three and nineteen months. Oh. So we kind of got different ball game. But uh. <SEP> Right. What uh. Do you feel like you have any time to spend with them? <SEP> Well. They're probably at an age where they don't want to spend any time with their parents. That's true. <SEP> You actually of course spend less time with them when they get older. But it's of course still really important. Right. I have a kind of a fortunate situation I think right now with my sixteen year old. Um I work two nights a week at a. I'm a librarian. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> And I work two nights a week at the Senior High School library. They keep it open you know for kids to do their work. Right. And he um and then they the school district hires an aide you know to work for me. Sure. <SEP> Well my son is my aide. Oh well that's nice. So two nights a week for four hours we're stuck together. You're stuck together. <SEP> And there's usually not very much business. No. I mean some nights it's just real real quiet. So. I would suspect your nights would be pretty quiet for the most part. <SEP> So we I have sort of a captive audience. So I really do spend probably more time with him than than most you know. Right. But uh of course I'm away from my other son those hours too. But his dad's at home pretty much that time. And so that kind of gives him uh time with his dad then. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Gives him a little bit of that individual time. <SEP> But but it is hard once they get that age. I mean their friends are the most important thing there is. Right. And they want to be able to spend uh. That's right. Well I've even noticed that with my five year old. She started kindergarten this year. And every day that she's not at school uh she thinks we need to have someone over and play. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And that kind of. <SEP> Yeah. It's kind of hard. Yeah. It's hard. I think uh I find myself getting my little projects going and not taking the time that I should. Yeah. I'm more worried about Oh. I didn't this done. I didn't get. The kitchen needs to be cleaned. <SEP> Uh-huh. This needs to be done. And and I need to re- remind myself to slow down. Uh-huh. And it'll still be there tomorrow. <SEP> Right. Yeah. That's true. But that's kind of hard to do you know. <SEP> Yes. It is hard to do. Right. Yeah. You don't see yourself getting. Well if you're kind of a person that likes things you know organized or neat. Uh-huh. <SEP> Or you know. Right. Then I think it it is hard. It's um. I think one of the nice things about holidays is that you know it does give you the opportunity to spend more time yeah with family. Slow down a little bit. <SEP> We have we often go to Illinois for Christmas. Oh uh-huh. And we're not this year. And it's just really nice because we can do you know the things you want to do. You can do uh more than than when you travel. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. That's right. This is the first year we're staying home too. And uh I think it's going to be real quiet. But uh that's an opportunity to get out the games. And. <SEP> Yeah. Right. See we usually do that. My my kids even have already gotten out um. My twelve year old got out the Legos which of course he hasn't touched since last summer. Right. Of co- of course. <SEP> But you know but every now and then I mean he's got a lot of those technic those hard kind. You know and he wants to be an engineer. So he still likes all that kind of building stuff. Oh yeah. And um we have the train. And we haven't had that Lego train together for years. And um so he sat down. And I told him I really wanted him to build the train. And we would put it under the tree and that I would keep it together. I wouldn't take it apart. Wouldn't take it apart after that. <SEP> Yeah. And every year I'd have the Lego train under the tree. That'd be kind of fun. And um so he worked on that for the longest time ever since school was out on Friday. And um then his sixteen year old brother started helping too you know. <SEP> You know these are kind of things like during the normal rat race. Right. Right. Those kinds of things never happen. No. <SEP> But. No. In fact in I think if people would learn to turn off the T V -s. And. Uh-huh. Yeah. I think that's a lot of the breakdown of the communication and the communication that would take place in a family. <SEP> Yes. Yeah. Which is. Usually people are not sitting in front of that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And there's always a few people in the family that when they stare at it you know they're totally turned off to everything else. The rest of. Yes. And you can't communicate while you're doing that right? No. That's right. Whereas uh I'm the type of person I could not sit well. I shouldn't say I could not. But be very hard for me to sit down and watch a program all the way through without doing something. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Me too. Yeah. I don't watch very much of it at all e- to to the extent that sometimes I feel almost embarrassed at work and stuff like that yeah. Because they talk so much. Isn't that the. <SEP> They talk about T V shows. And I huh. You know how can you watch that you know. You're kind of like what are you talking about. And uh. It's the best show on. I don't know. You feel like you're a little bit out of it don't you. <SEP> They need to have a highlight in the newspaper or something tell us what's.
sw2717.txt:I'll let you go first. Oh well what's there to say? Doesn't seem like it's being carried out very well in my opinion. Seems like it takes so long between conviction and carrying out the penalty that I don't see that it makes any difference to sentence anybody. Yeah. It seems like they could die of old age waiting to get the death penalty. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I know what you mean. Um I. In Maryland they they do have capital punishment. Uh-huh. And uh I've seen uh a lot of people get convicted sentenced. And then just nothing happens just endless endless endless appeals. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. Well from what I underst-. I saw a statistic just a few days ago um so far this ye- year or was it during the last year somewh- during a year's time I think it was they executed twenty-five people in the nation. Meanwhile there were twenty-five hundred people on death row. <SEP> So I I. And it's building up you know. They're they're convicting them faster than they're executing them. So it's really building up. Yeah. What's amazing is some of them have been on death row for a number of years. Uh-huh. And uh here in Maryland I know we have a real problem with overcrowding in prisons uh. Just. <SEP> Yeah. Everybody's got that. Yeah. But I mean in. Here it's uh to the point where they were letting prisoners go. Uh commuting the sentences of those that were in in jail for lesser crimes in order to put more people in into the jails. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. And it was just uh amazing to me. And of course they made a big deal out of the the few that got out and turned around and committed a crime within five days of getting out and being rearrested an. <SEP> Yeah. Isn't isn't Maryland where the famous Willy Horton case was. Uh I can't remember. Refresh my memory. <SEP> It was uh that was the one that was used so much in the campaign. In the politica- in the presidential race. Uh may it may not have been Maryland. It may have been Massachusetts. I don't remember. Um I don't remember myself. Anyway well the question is you know do you think i- it does make a difference in whether or not a criminal commits a crime. Or do you think it can if it's done right? Um I think if they if they started executing them on a regular basis uh that I think it might make a difference. Right now I don't see it making a difference. <SEP> If it. I don't see someone not going out there and committing murder because they're afraid they're going to get sentenced to death. I mean most people out there committing murders don't care. Uh-huh. They just don't care. <SEP> Yeah. Well I think in large measure the reason they don't care. It's not because the punishment. But so many of the people that commit crimes don't get punished. Yeah. The police don't catch them. Or the courts don't convict them. Or or they don't serve very much of the time. And so uh you know their their success rate is very high. Crime does pay. Ca- you can make a good living at it. Yeah. Yeah. And there's uh there's a lot of people here in Baltimore that uh have. And we just had uh a real big cocaine bust. And of course you know they're they're playing it up real big that it was looked like it was a very very small ring. And they just happened to get lucky and catch the guy. <SEP> Yeah. But I mean uh Baltimore has uh an all time record for the number of deaths so far this year. I think they've got over a hundred dead already this year. Last year it was D C. I guess Baltimore caught them. Well it's kind of it's kind of moved up. And you have to remember that it it it uh there's I think X number of people out there that are going to commit murders. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh once you kill off a few of them. Yeah. I mean if you murder a guy because he murdered your partner or something like that I mean pretty soon you run out of people to murder. <SEP> Yeah. The only consolation is so many of the murders are you know. The the violent people going against each other. And so they you know. Society's not going to put them to death. Well at least maybe the guy they cross next time is going to. Uh. I think I think capital punishment is an appropriate punishment for the kind of people where we say you know this sort of person is just not acceptable to our society. And we are there by going to remove them from society not temporarily but permanently. Yeah. I mean I I personally think life imprisonment. I don't think much of li- of life imprisonment. First of all it's never turns out to be life. But second you know why should we. The idea of life imprisonment with no chance of parole. Well that means you're going to put them in a cage you think it's never ever going to be safe for them to walk the streets again. Well then why bother. Just execute them because that's that way you're sure they'll never ever going to walk the streets again. Yeah. <SEP> So any any anybody that says life in prison with no chance of parole I'd say uh give them the death penalty. So. Yeah. You know it makes sense um you know. You have the occasional person who may have been falsely accused but I mean uh so few and far between uh you know. Makes good T V movies. And that's about it. Yeah. And and also um the the thing I don't like about a lot of these court trials and a lot of these appeals is that it's not based on what is true and what is false. But rather it's on the rules of evidence what can I hide and what do I have to tell. Yeah. <SEP> And I think our courts should be geared much more strongly towards finding out the truth than they currently are. Yeah. And and that way we can be sure you know. We can find out the truth. We can find out what really happened and and base the ver- sentence on what the person did not on what we're allowed to let the jury hear. Yeah. I had. My uh my father-in-law participated in a uh a jury trial. He was he was actually on the jury. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh this man was accused of killing uh I think it was two people uh and shooting a uh policeman um point blank in the face. Of course he didn't die. Uh-huh. And uh this was during a holdup of a uh uh a restaurant. And it came out during the trial that um they had tried to rob another place. And uh when the guy came out with the bag they thought was money it turned out to be a couple cookies and uh you know jumbo cookies. And and so they were so upset from robbing this guy you know trying to do this holdup that didn't work that they quite literally were mad and went into a restaurant to hold the place up and just started you know shooting people. <SEP> Just started shooting people because they botched the first job. You know it's. And so now they're going to get even. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And get even with who. I mean. Yeah. You know stupid guys. And uh it turned out that the you know policeman survived to the point that he was able to you know identify the guy. <SEP> Uh-huh. And of course you know they tried to make the cop look ou- like he was uh a uh no good rotten drunk. Yeah. I mean it was amazing. <SEP> So what was the verdict. What was the results there. Oh he was found guilty. Yeah. Oh. He uh um. Last I heard he uh he beat a push for the death penalty. Now whether they finally got it or not I don't know. <SEP> Uh-huh. I kind of uh stopped listening after a while. Uh-huh. Um you know he would come home. And and you know after the trial was over he came home and told us what was going on. And of course then they had to go back to dec- you know. After he had to go. <SEP> The the penalty phase. Yeah. They've decide the penalty separately from the verdict. Right. And uh yeah everybody everybody was pretty much you know let's burn him. Uh-huh. And that's you know that's the way they wanted to do it. And he was surprised because he thought there was going to be a problem because he uh. You know some people on the case were were a little hesitant on convicting him on some of the charges. But I mean when it all came down they just within an hour decided the man's fate. <SEP> Yeah. Well you know you just have to decide you know wha- yo-. Well there's really two separate decisions there I guess. One is did it really happen the way the the prosecutor said it happened you know. Is this man really guilty. And you have to decide that. But then you have to decide you know as a member of society what do I want to do with this guy who did this thing. Yeah. And that w-. I I've never been on a jury. I've never had that experience. I'm not sure I'd look forward to making that kind of decision about a man's life. Yeah. Yeah. Well it it it went pretty pretty quick from what he said. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I mean there's there's there's a lot of other crimes out there I mean besides murder. I think uh now if you're dealing drugs now caught more than twice or something uh it there's uh a death penalty associated with it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Well the thing I'd be most likely to attach the death penalty to is the violence. I mean ye-. I can handle people people selling drugs you know. It's it's wrong. But it it's not worth somebody getting executed for. But we hear so much about the violence and how it's not safe to walk the streets because somebody you know these random drive by shootings and that sort of thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> And the people I'd most likely want to sentence to death are the people that just show a really low regard for human life. That you know. You never know when they're going to turn or hurt the next person because it doesn't really matter to them whether someone else gets hurt or not. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. And so I go le-. These are the kind of people I would like to ye- get out of here and get out of circulation and say I don't we don't accept your kind in our society. Yeah. I agree. I I've I have uh a low tolerance for that kind of uh that kind of person. And uh as far as uh you know. There are some some other crimes that I think uh you know uh. Kidnapping um you know when they. I mean kidnapping per se has a certain uh uh fine and penalty associated with it. <SEP> Uh-huh. But um some of these people are just out and out brutal. I. Some of the cases I've heard about over the years.
sw2549.txt:I guess we're on. Well hang on. Let me try it again because usually um. Do you usually get a message? <SEP> Yeah. Um. Um. Hang on let me check on it. I don't know. <SEP> Well let me try it once more. Well I think we're on maybe. Okay. I guess we'll find out. Yeah. <SEP> So in Maryland are you uh are you a Skins fan? Um well not not really from you know. I really wasn't from here. So uh the teams I really root for in football are the Niners and the Seahawks um you know mostly because only the Niners because I used to live out in California you know like I like Seattle because I like Seattle. Yeah. And besides I like the city. <SEP> Oh okay. So you were out there in San Francisco? Uh yeah. San Jose actually but but close. Oh yeah? <SEP> Oh. Yeah. Yeah. It's um um other than the uh the big catch uh with the Forty-niners and the Cowboys ba- back a few year ago I like San Francisco. Oh okay. <SEP> But uh I I don't know. I I never really was a Cowboys fan until I moved down to Texas. Oh is that where you are now? Yeah. Oh okay. <SEP> I'm in Dallas. And uh uh I guess when you're down here in Dallas you finally get indoctrinated into the Cowboys um because uh you know this is a big football territory down here. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. <SEP> And uh uh unfortunately of course the Cowboys have been doing so bad in the past few years. Uh-huh. That uh uh. I don't know. Everybody's kind of. They're still behind them. But uh it's not like it used to be. Yeah. Well you know you you back the winners. And you don't back them when they're not doing well. <SEP> That's right. But I think uh actually uh in in trying to follow uh you know the Cowboys over the years I think uh uh they used to have a um a philosophy for well I don't know probably the last twenty-five years except for about the last about five or six years uh they always went out and tried to draft the the best um athletes. And didn't really put them draft for any particular spot. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> But they would go out and try to go for uh the best people and then mold them into different areas or find their natural niche. Uh-huh. And then about five years ago four or five years ago uh they started going after uh uh specific players or positions you know. Like the press would get down on Landry. And this is when Schramm was still there. Uh-huh. <SEP> And um they'd go after them saying uh jeez what you really need is a defensive end. So they'd go out and try to find a defensive end. And when they when they drafted somebody and he didn't work out at that spot it really wasn't a good enough athlete to move to any place else. Uh-huh. And uh so I think it was kind ever interesting. I think the decline of the uh of the Cowboys as a powerhouse really kind of started with uh not drafting people the best athletes. Yeah. It makes sense because you know you you've got the flexibility if they're good athlete they can you know do a bunch of different things. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Um. But. And I don't you know. My my my my main sport is baseball. But you know um I've been enjoying football. But I don't know it as well. <SEP> Yeah. Um I just you know um. Cowboys are going to have a problem aren't they? Is it is it this year they don't have a draft pick because of the Walker trade. Or what was the whole deal on that? Uh they still have some some uh some draft picks uh that they got. They don't have anything high do they? <SEP> No. Actually they picked up some from Minnesota. I think it was uh Minnesota's. Oh that's right. That's right. They. It went the other way. <SEP> Yeah. What was I thinking. They gave up they they traded Wa- Herschel to Minnesota. They traded Walker. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. My brain is really working well tonight. <SEP> That's okay. They um um. I've got a friend that uh lives right next to the Cowboys' training camp. Uh-huh. And uh uh he gets he sees them out running a lot. And every once in a while gets a chance to talk to some of the guys. And they're all uh they're all thinking that uh man they they they really got something going this year. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I I guess uh when you have a whole bunch of uh professional athletes that get together at the beginning of the year everybody's got great hopes. You know I guess it's the same way with baseball or or anybody you know. Uh-huh. Spring training until you actually start going out and getting uh getting out against the competition everything probably looks pretty good. Oh yeah. I mean you know if you go to. I I you know I'm sure if you go to any of the twenty-eight coaches in football in training camp they say oh we're going to be Super Bowl Champs. Because I know I know in baseball you know any manager you go to say well we're going to be in the World Series even though you know there's not a prayer. <SEP> Yeah. Really. <SEP> Yeah. Uh. Yeah. Really. This is the way it is. Well Kim I mean didn't the Cowboys even finish. They finished pretty close to five hundred last year didn't they? <SEP> Yeah. They did. As a matter of fact uh. Because they only won one game the year before right? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I enjoyed that because it was against the Skins. <SEP> Well you don't uh you don't like the Skins? Um no. I I I live near Baltimore. And um um I I really don't like D C a whole lot at all. Oh okay. And um I mean I'm really. They're they they got a big thing because of the you know the the expansion going on in baseball. D C is like talking about how how they're going to get a baseball team and everything. It's like you guys aren't going to get a baseball team I'm sorry it's not going to happen. <SEP> Jeez. But of course you know the the the one the griping is that if you know if if Washington doesn't get a uh a baseball team then Baltimore shouldn't get a football team. Which is probably true. But anyway um I just I've never liked D C a whole lot. And a really hate the Redskins. And a lot of it's because you know I got a lot of people you know at work with and everything that are big Redskin fans. Well of course. <SEP> Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah um. Of course then you're not that far from Philadelphia. Yeah. I've I've never liked Ph- Philadelphia the city a whole lot. The only reason I really enjoy the Eagles at all is because uh I really like Randall Cunningham. Oh okay. I. It was Buddy Ryan the one that I can't uh uh stand too much. Ye-. Well considering how how well he gets along with uh Jimmy Johnson that doesn't surprise me. <SEP> Yeah. Really. Oh. Yeah. There was um uh there was this uh ther- ther- in. The Baltimore Sun has this uh cartoonist in the sports section. And uh when uh. Las- last. I guess it was January when um Jimmy Johnson got named coach of the year or whatever. Uh-huh. It was the same year that Buddy Ryan got fired. And uh he had this cartoon in there about Jimmy Johnson's big day you know. The first thing is the phone call from the you know from the league saying he was uh um you know uh was coach of the year. And the second was this phone call from Buddy Ryan I got fired can you believe that. <SEP> Uh oh jeez. Yeah uh. Actually uh you said you lived near uh Baltimore? Yeah. You're out uh. I used to travel out that way a lot. And uh actually I used to drive a lot between Baltimore and Washington. And. No. I lived. Do you know what Ellicott City is? <SEP> Um no. Uh it's just west of Baltimore off off Route Seventy. Yeah. Oh okay. But basical- well Route Seventy and and uh Route Forty. <SEP> Yeah. Um Oh okay. I used to go out of B W I a lot. Yeah. That's not far from where the uh the new football stadium would be if we got an N F L team. <SEP> Oh yeah? Yeah. Well they've they've built a new stadium downtown um. It's opening next year. So. Is that near near the what do they. I forgot the name of it. Is it the the Wharf or the the uh Inner Harbor. The Inner Harbor. <SEP> Yeah. It's um a couple of blocks west. There's a big um there is an old railroad yard basically um. Yeah. There's a big long railroad shed. And then there's uh an old station. And they're building the stadium on the other side of the shed from the Inner Harbor which is really stupid because one of the big selling points of the new stadium is supposed to be this view of the Inner Harbor. And the only way you're going to have a view of is this big brick wall um. <SEP> Great. But you know they're building the baseball stadium. And they've got land set aside for a football stadium if they ever get a N F L team. Um. Yeah. So it's um real easy access from from south of Baltimore like um like the airport or more importantly for the Orioles from Washington D C. <SEP> The Orioles say they get twenty-five percent of their population I mean uh their attendance from D C. I tell you what I. The. Ther- there's. The Colts still you know still to me are the Baltimore Colts. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know? Yeah. They really ought to change the name I think in Indianapolis. I uh never been real thrilled with well not you know. Sitting here and talking about all the cities that I hate. I uh I went to Purdue University for a couple of years and uh really learned to hate Indianapolis while I was out there. Oh okay. <SEP> And um I was not real happy when uh when they uh left to go go there of all places. Jeez. Yeah. So uh uh you know did you graduate from Purdue? No. I I uh I transferred to Delaware and graduated there. <SEP> Delaware? Yeah. Oh there's not a whole lot in Delaware. Yeah. But it's close to Philadelphia and Baltimore. <SEP> Yeah. So it's. That's true. I take it you're an east coast type guy? Plus the west coast right? Uh kind of all over the place but eas- east coast lately. <SEP>
sw3311.txt:All right uh well. Let's see. How old are you Lisa? I'm twenty. <SEP> Okay. How old are you? I'm older. Older. <SEP> Older than you are. Okay. Okay. We are supposed to talk about places we like to go. So I'm going. And where are you from where are you calling from? I'm calling from uh Provo Utah. But I'm from Plano Texas. <SEP> Oh you are from Plano. My sister lives in Plano. Oh really? Yes. Her husband is the new Director of Admissions at uh University of Texas at Dallas. Oh wow. <SEP> Yeah. So. My dad used to work at U T D also. Uh generally we just go on family vacations to Arizona. Anyway so where's your favorite place to go? My grandparents live there. That's generally our usual summer vacation. <SEP> Where in Arizona? Uh Tempe. Okay. I've never been to Tempe. So. <SEP> That's where I'd like to go. What do you like about Tempe? Uh mainly just being with family is it. We just hang out. And my grandparents have a pool. So we go swimming. And uh. Pretty hot isn't it in the summer? Yeah. But we keep cool just by going swimming. And it's fun to be with my cousins. They're up there also my grandparents and my cousins. <SEP> That's good. Uh-huh. So. <SEP> Been to Hawaii? No. Have you? Yes. In fact I just got some reservations. I'm going to go for uh almost two weeks this winter. Oh my goodness. <SEP> Yes. It's the longest. Well actually I lived there. So I was there longer. But two weeks is the longest vacation I'll have ever taken there. So I'm kind of looking forward to that one. Wow. Around Christmas time? <SEP> Uh no. In March. Oh. We're going to go in March after my children's birthdays and get all that business out of the way. Wow. <SEP> Yeah. So I think I would like to go to Arizona. I mean I was in Phoenix in January last January. But it was rainy and icky. Oh really? It was the coldest it's been there ever in January. I think. It's very cold. So do you travel a lot. <SEP> But I would like to go to Tempe. Or. Do we travel a lot? Uh some yeah. Well I've been a I was a travel agent. Oh. <SEP> I mean I have been up until just a few months ago. But I'm thinking of going back to work. Huh. Yeah. So you know a lot of good vacation spots huh. <SEP> I lo- I know a lot of good places to go. But you definitely need to go to Hawaii. Very definitely. That's your favorite? Yes. It is my favorite. My husband hasn't been to Europe yet. And I'd like to take him there. And but he's traveled all over the United States. And I haven't. Like I haven't been down south. I'd like to go to New Orleans. Have you been there? I haven't. Where where do you live? <SEP> We I live in Yakima Washington. Wow. So it's cold and rainy today. It's yucky. Um. <SEP> But we've had some pretty nice weather. We played tennis outdoors until last week. So that's a pretty good deal. Um. So do you go to school in Provo Utah? I do. <SEP> Do you use NuSkin skin care. They're located in Provo. I work for NuSkin. <SEP> Do you? Yes. I'm a NuSkin person. Oh really? <SEP> Yeah. I sell NuSkin too. I I am my only b-. Oh my goodness. And best cus-. Not only and best. But I'm my best customer. Great. <SEP> Since we're not supposed to talk about this though is there anything more intensive for the eye area than the eye cream? Uh. Do you know? I don't. Probably maybe the rejuvenating cream is the only other thing I would use. <SEP> I have that too. I'm forty-two. I need something. I need more. Than the intensive eye? <SEP> Yeah. I didn't know if there was anything else. And I use the Celltrex. Uh-huh. <SEP> But anyway. Well yes. NuSkin is wonderful. Good. Yes. I think it's a wonderful product. Do you use it? I do. Yeah. We get free products every month. So. <SEP> Oh my gosh. That's great. Right right. Now I'm getting about sixty bucks a month free products. So. Yeah. Oh yeah. I've worked there about a year. <SEP> That's good. Are they good to work for? Yes. They're wonderful to work for. That's great. Yep. <SEP> Anyway so we're supposed to be talking about places to go. And you have not been to Europe. Do you go to school? Uh-huh. Do you ski? I ski yes. I've. <SEP> Ski. You probably ski very well in Utah. No. I don't. Actually since I grew up in Texas I've only been here about two years and have gone skiing about three times. A- well five times each season. Uh. <SEP> Why did you move to Utah? You're going oh you are going to school? At B Y U. Yeah. I. Is that where B Y U is? Uh-huh. Yep. <SEP> Okay. I know some people that went to B Y U. That's great. Pretty good. I do like to ski. Pretty pretty down there. Huh? Yeah. I I said I do like to ski. <SEP> So where have you skied? And it's it's kind of nice being up here just because it's all like a vacation in itself when you get to go. Sure. If you like that kind of thing. <SEP> Sure. So you're a sophomore. Or junior? I am actually a junior. Beginning of my junior year. <SEP> You're a junior. Good for you. So. <SEP> What are you studying? Nursing. Good for you. You sound like a girl that has it together. <SEP> I would just encourage you to do a little traveling though before you get married. Because when you get married you won't have the money or the time. You think. I know. <SEP> So just you know. Don't don't be in any hurry. I'm not I'm not. You really should go to Europe. I went to Europe for six weeks after I graduated from college. And that was just. I I mean I could have had that or a down payment on a new car. And I took the trip. And. And it was great? <SEP> Uh I traveled with a group of sixteen other students. Actually they there was two other graduating seniors besides myself. And we just had a ball. We stayed at. How long did you get to stay there? Uh six weeks. Oh really? <SEP> Yeah. It was wonderful. So you should think about doing something like that. Uh-huh. I just had a friend that got back from Europe. And she was there like all winter semester.
sw3443.txt:Surprised they get anybody this time of day. But I've been trying all different times. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I don't get anybody at five thirty don't get anybody at nine at night. So thought I'll try. Oh well I'm at work. <SEP> And I just happened to walk back into my office. Oh. I've been gone for a little while. Oh. Well I go to school. So I'm home certain days. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh I really haven't been making any s- phone calls have you? Got. I don't I haven't ever made any. I just receive them. Oh. Have you have you received many? <SEP> I haven't here lately. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's uh. Well the first time we were on this it came just about every day. <SEP> Yeah. I never had to make one. They just always came. Yeah. Exactly. People must be tired of it or something. <SEP> W- well anyway I guess we're supposed to discuss this uh subject. What do you think? Well I never gave it any thought myself. <SEP> I was hoping you could tell me what you thought. Oh. Well I don't have any objection to people doing that. I think it might be good for them. Uh-huh. But as a mother of two daughters I might be afraid of where they were sent. <SEP> Exactly. I'm just concerned about their safety mor-. Uh-huh. Because if they do good work in America they'll probably be sent to a ghetto. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And if they were sent to a third world country I couldn't help but wait worried you know. Yeah. Yeah. That that would be my main objection. Uh I don't think. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't know. I think maybe it's it should stay on a voluntary basis. It will probably never happen. But. Yeah. Yeah. I I think it would be good for uh everyone to do something like that. But I I guess I don't feel like it should be something forced upon you. Yeah. Well it it probably won't. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't I don't even know how we'd pay for it anyway. We can't uh seem to pay for all the little things we have going now. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's another consideration. Exactly. But uh I don't know. Som- some kids are so spoiled nowadays. It might be a real eye opener you know. <SEP> Really. I mean sometimes my kids are on the other side of town here. And they just see some really tiny modest wood frame homes. And then they think. They're just kind of shocked at that side of town you know. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I probably lived in one of those when I was a little girl. <SEP> I have a girlfriend that every time her son starts taking things for granted she threatens to send him to Mexico with her relatives and let him get a taste of that for a while. Oh. Well that would be an eye opener wouldn't it? Wouldn't it though? I mean right next to us is such a pitiful country. <SEP> Uh-huh. It is. I know. Sometimes I wish we'd help them out instead of going all across the world and helping some countries I never even heard of. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I know it. It seems to me we are. It would be to our benefit to strengthen that country. Right on our borders. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But what do I know right? I'm just sitting at home and and uh doing laundry today and certainly not up. <SEP> Nobody has called me from Washington. Oh but uh anyway how did you get on this program? <SEP> I work at T I. Oh you do work at T I? Oh you're in Lewisville. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. I just went by that place. We were going to a football playoff game a week or so ago which we lost. And uh we went by. <SEP> That's the first time I'd seen it. It looked really nice. Yeah. A lot of trees there. It looked like a pretty little a sight. <SEP> Hang on a minute. Sure. No. I don't think so. Yeah. Patty might. I'm back. Oh sure. Di-. <SEP> But how did you get on it? Well my husband works at T I over on Central. Oh. Uh why we're living in Arlington I'm not so sure. But he works over there. <SEP> And tha-. We did it last time. Uh-huh. And uh so I'm just my daughter and I are registered this time. I don't know. They didn't even ask him back. <SEP> Really? That was weird wasn't it? Huh. But like I said I hardly ever get any calls this time. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't get too many. And I can never find anybody. Huh. So um. <SEP> The first time I used to get calls from far away too. Right. Like Maryland and New Jersey. Uh-huh. <SEP> And but now it just seems like it's in the Dallas Fort Worth area that I get calls from. Yeah. I've had the same experiences. Uh-huh. All right around here. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I don't know uh. I wonder if they really. I don't know if they could possibly teach a machine to recognize all the different accents. There's just there's so many with this one town you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. E- even in some families some people talk a little bit different. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. My husband is from New Jersey. And one of his sisters does things that really sound funny to me. And he doesn't pronounce them at all that way. And that's one family right? Of course I think everybody in New Jersey sounds a little bit funny. But. <SEP> Oh I agree. You know how that goes. Oh shoot. Oh God. Well I'm surprised she hasn't told us to cut it off yet. Sometimes she says at night. Or or switc- or overloads. <SEP> Yeah. So please end your conversation. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> Well do you have any more words of wisdom about the subject? No. I sure don't. You don't have any kids you want to send over here? <SEP> No. No kids. Well is. Oh shoot. Well uh I don't know if mine would want to go live in the ghetto. Well one of them is real idealistic. She might. <SEP> My sister is. I'd be more suited to that than her. She's just bugs.
sw2501.txt:Okay. We're energized. Okay. Um painting. Interesting. Uh the guy called me. When she called me the computer called me I thought that they were reading my mind. I'm in the middle of um going out for bids to have my house painted. <SEP> Oh. Uh painting is not hard to do uh as long as it's not in not to the point of where it's uh needs to be scraped and bl- peeling. No. <SEP> Right. And our house is not. But it's starting to bleed through and burn through because the paint's real cheap. And it's just a hassle to go through it. So I'm looking for the easy way out. Yeah. Uh I know. Di-. Is easy to find pa- uh painters to do this for you? It's easier to find painters. But you have to be you have to be aware of what uh how messy they can get and are they going to put on a good a good two coats and are they going to caulk. <SEP> Ri-. Are you talking outside or inside? Exterior. <SEP> Exterior. Yeah. Yeah. Uh interior's not so bad because it's more fun. It's more c-. But yeah. Yeah. Outside you have high peeks and those kind of things. <SEP> Yeah. It can be a real issue. Well when we've painted um. Right now our house doesn't have to have the same kind of exterior painting there. It's more trim because it has some of the old asbestos shingles on the back and there's some sort of stone or something in the front. Uh-huh. <SEP> So there isn't as much wood that has to be painted. Um but i- it. The problem is that it hits the sun hits it. So preparing is a real problem. Uh-huh. You've got to prepare it well. Or else it will flake. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um. Here they. Some of the home builders are. They don't put brick on the side of your house just to save money. So they put up uh a quarter inch Masonite basically. And they painted it kind of like a spun of a sorts. So it's real cheap. And uh uh I've had thirteen hundred dollar bid and I as low as five hundred and forty dollars. So it's just a matter of. Wow. That's quite a range. It's. <SEP> Oh there one guy brags about his piece of equipment he's using and the drop cloths and all that kind crap. And I'm so much worried about that as what I don't want it all over the brick and windows. Yeah. And. <SEP> Yeah. Which might be a bigger problem than it would be uh. Oh sure. Yeah. Absolutely. So y'all you haven't had any any jobs painted in your house or recently. <SEP> No. We've have uh done a little painting ourselves um. We painted the bedroom uh well within the last t- couple of months. That's fun. And we have we have some more that need to be done. Uh-huh. <SEP> But the the problem that we've we've owned this house almost five years now. And um when we bought it the um it had been vacant for a while because the family will retired. But the daughter was a real estate agent. And she was selling it. And it's been lived in briefly by her before she bought her town house. So she told us that the house had been uh professionally painted recently. And it looked pretty good you know the uh the interior walls all basically white. But they obviously had been done without to much uh wear afterward. The only problem was when we started having the movers move the furniture in we identified various rooms by pieces of masking tape on the wood- uh the door frames. Uh-huh. When we took the masking tape off half the painted came with it. Uh that's not very. <SEP> Big long strips. So what had happened is that professional painters had not prepared the surface properly. And some of still has to be redone. Oh they just painted over varnished wood. Yeah. Oh my. <SEP> Well no. Actually it had been uh it would have been it had been a repaint job. Um. But they had not. Either they had painted with the wrong kind of paint over top. Or they hadn't really roughed it up or whatever they. Because it was woodwork. So it looked as if it had been painted correctly with you know uh an enamel or something. Uh-huh. <SEP> But um it had not. Either that or it had not been prepared underneath. And it was greasy or something. Sure. It comes off in strips I mean not even little bit. So we still have some of that trim work to do because we put it off all this time. Oh no. <SEP> We know what a job it's going to be. Because you almost have to strip the whole thing in order to do it again. Um. I wish you good luck. <SEP> Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw2772.txt:All right. Okay. Well I can go ahead and start and tell you mine. And. Okay. <SEP> We're from San Antonio. And that's where I grew up. Oh. So I was used to the heat out here right now. Yeah. <SEP> Gosh it gets to about seventies high seventies. And it gets very cold at night. Uh-huh. And Monterey it's um right on the coast. And I don't know if you're familiar with California coastline. But we're we're about two hours about a two hour drive south of San Francisco. Oh okay. <SEP> And it's uh really nice. It's a big area for people to come from the different uh countries mostly like Japan Germany and England. And they usually go to Carmel and vacation on the beaches. So it's it's pretty nice uh year round. But uh cool always cool in the evenings. And warm warm in the Summer. But it's stays pretty cold even uh during the Winter for as nice as it is. Uh-huh. And um we usually get a fog. Uh right about I guess about four o'clock. And it kind of rolls in over the coast. And uh then it usually breaks back off again the next morning. And if you go just a little bit ways in I'd say about a fifteen minute drive in towards Salinas uh the weather completely changes. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it gets very hot and dry. And the fog never makes it that far. Uh-huh. But along here it's uh very very different from the Texas type weather. What's it like down there? Well right now we're we're having the little bit of Spring that we have. <SEP> Oh really. Well at least you've got some. We don't have many seasons here. It goes from Winter to Summer usually. Uh-huh. Spring usually consists of a lot of rain. Especially thunderstorms. We've got we had one of those blow through tonight. <SEP> Oh well that's good. And I think we got the same thing in the forecast for the next two or three days. Uh-huh. So. <SEP> Have y'all been having any heat waves or like the ninety degree. It's gotten up to uh ninety a couple of times. Uh-huh. But basically it's been in the low seventies and eighties. <SEP> Uh-huh. Women that's good. For this time of year. Yeah. It's not really been too bad. Uh-huh. Usually it sneaks on into the nineties a little earlier. <SEP> Uh-huh. So do y'all have many bluebonnets and stuff this year? Yeah. Quite a bit. Oh Uh-huh. Well the season is just about over for that. Uh in fact we drove down to Corpus last week. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh there were still some paint brushes and bluebonnets down along the way. Oh I miss that. Drove through San Antonio. And I spoke to somebody else this morning from San Antonio. And were. They had. And we came back. What day was that Sunday evening. And they had a big rainstorm come through there part of the same thing we're getting now I guess. <SEP> Oh. Oh well that's real nice because I can remember two years ago that in about February the hundred degree weather started in San Antonio and just continued. At least y'all are getting some rain up in Dallas. I'm glad to hear that. Yeah. That's the second or third year in a row that we've had a real rainy Spring. Uh-huh. We had a pretty rainy Fall last year as well. <SEP> Y'all weren't getting any of the strings of the tornadoes and stuff were you? Um we've had a few down here but not anything like Kansas. Uh-huh. But this is the season for that. <SEP> Oh gosh. They do they do pop up occasionally around here. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. I really don't miss all the heat there. Yeah. I'm getting acclimated to have the cool evenings. So we get a bit of a relief. Yeah. I'm from here originally. So when it's July and August I'm pretty well used to the hundred degree temperatures. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. The biggest problem with with the weather and the rain in this area is the soil. It's that black clay soil. <SEP> Oh. Is that what Dallas is. Okay. Yeah. You know it's not sandy like most of the state is. So it doesn't absorb the water real well. Uh-huh. You know once it rains a little bit it's it's filled up and everything else just runs off. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know. Yeah. San Antonio has that same problem when the rains come. It's it's a complete mess everything floods all the under passes. Yeah. <SEP> I didn't realize that Dallas had that same problem. Yeah. We have it. Especially as rainy as it's been in the last couple of years. And there's a section in South Dallas that's had a whole lot of flooding problems because of the rain. Uh-huh. Well we could use some rain up here. We're like in the bottom of the fourth year of drought up here. Really. <SEP> And they had a pretty good early Spring. And we got quite a bit of rain. But it wasn't enough to offset what they lost over the last four years. Uh-huh. And uh so they're still talking water rationing this Summer. So it would seem strange because in San Antonio. We had lived out um west of San Antonio in Castroville. Uh-huh. <SEP> And the water in Medina Lake and that area was really going down that they were considering that they might have to do water rationing. And I thought oh gee I'm so glad to get out of there and get up here to the California Pacific coast where it rains and everything has flowers. And there's no problem with water. And then I came here and found out they were in the you know four year draught. Uh-huh. So I said well gee this is pretty much like Texas. And it pretty much is in the middle of Summer. They have rolling hills around here. But um they turn to golden dead grass for the majority of the Summer just because there is no water to keep them green. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> But um it's a really nice area. It's just it's just such a change from uh Texas because I had grown up with uh the heat. Uh-huh. And used to essentially. Like you said you have the cold Winter. And then you have the hot Summer Spring. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh to come here it's kind of the temperate weather all year round. It's kind of like uh Spring I guess if you year round except. And then in the Winter. And then it seems sort of like a San Antonio early Winter or Fall year-round. Uh-huh. So it seems like we only have two Springs which is or two seasons. And that would be Spring and Fall. Yeah. <SEP> We never really get any of the other ones. Uh-huh. But it's a really nice uh change of pace. I guess I'd prefer that. <SEP> Yeah. To the heat. I really don't miss the heat. Yeah. Um we do a lot of you know. When you do a lot of outside like running and stuff it's just so much easier up here. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you don't have to worry about the high humidity. Yeah. Does Dallas get high humidity? Or is it pretty dry. It's pretty dry. We get some when it's this rainy. But it's nothing like I guess San Antonio Summers. It's nothing like Houston. <SEP> Uh-huh. Or East Texas is a little more humid. Yeah. It seems like San Antonio is increasing in humidity over the years. Because I had lived in San Antonio for about twenty years. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it just seemed like every year it just got more and more humid more and more humid. And here it's uh well it's right by the ocean. Uh-huh. But um it's not the same as Corpus. Corpus you get that humid salty feeling in the air. Uh-huh. <SEP> But here um well the water is extremely cold up here. You can lay on the beach all you want. But if you want to go wind suffering or diving or swimming you have to wear a wet suit. And a thick wet suit at that because it's just extremely cold. Uh-huh. And I. For some reason because of the cold uh ocean uh water the air is always cool. It's never humid or sticky or salty feeling. So I really like that about this area. And uh we just hadn't expected it. We were used to what uh gulf coast weather was like when we came here to Pacific coast weather. Yeah. <SEP> It's just completely different. And it's much nicer. Yeah. Probably the Pacific breezes make a lot of difference. Uh-huh. It does. And the air doesn't feel anything like it does along the gulf coast region. But you um. But we like it. So it's a nice change. So we'll be here a couple of years. And we thought well we'll take advantage of it and see what all the Pacific coast is like. That's nice. <SEP> So it's been good. Well my wife's originally from Virginia. And we lived there for about nine months. And that was a real change for me. Oh I imagine. Virginia I imagine gets real humid doesn't it? Um parts do. We we're over in the western edge in the mountains. <SEP> Oh. And they have of course some pretty severe storms Winter storms snow and that type of thing. Uh-huh. But they're so good about clearing the roads that you know it doesn't usually bother you very much. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Not like Texas where everything comes to a stand still. Yeah. Their Springs and Summers are pretty mild too. It never gets real real hot. Uh-huh. I'll have to try that out because I had heard that North Carolina was sort of like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I've just never really been in that region of the country. And I guess I'm going to have to try that area sometime and see what it's like. Because a lot of people that are from that North Carolina region really like it. And uh they get the snow. But they said it doesn't really get messy. And it doesn't really hang around that long. Yeah. So they the people I know that are from there uh they always miss it. And they want to go back. Nothing seems quite as good. But anyway. Well. Well as we were talking the weather came on. And there's a flash flood watch and more rain for the next three or four days. <SEP> Oh gee-whiz. Oh gosh. Well I hope it moves up this way. But I'm sure it won't. Yeah. Maybe we can send you some. <SEP> Yeah. Because we could sure use it. Well you think that takes care of the time and. I think that will do it. Okay. Well I sure appreciate hearing how things are going in Texas and uh. Well I enjoyed talking with you Lisa. <SEP> Yeah. Good luck to you. Uh-huh. You too. Okay. We'll see you. Bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw3539.txt:Okay. Well do you exercise regularly? There is. Well I am a school teacher. <SEP> Uh-huh. And us. There is uh uh girl that went through our school district I teach in Highland Park who uh does aerobics at the Y C A and I say Y the Y W C A. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Turn that off please. I am recording. My husband just turned on something noisy. Uh-huh. Any way uh she comes to the school. And there are a group of teachers. And we exercise regularly and uh for an hour. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we do it twice a week. Oh. That is good. And uh we do uh aerobics for our cardiovascular fitness for thirty minutes. And then we do stretching and toning and cool down for another thirty minutes. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh. So it is an hour. And then my husband and I take uh ten mile walks uh as often as possible. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh not on the nights that I do aerobics. But if if he wants to he jogs. But I uh I we take the fast walks. And we walk a couple of miles and then come back to the house. Uh-huh. And so we we take it seriously. We enjoy doing it. <SEP> I enjoy my group at school. It is a lot more fun to exercise with somebody than is is to do it by yourself. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh well I use to exercise regularly. And I haven't lately. Oh oh. I have goofed off I guess. Uh I use to also take an aerobics class about three days a week before work. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh I guess my job change my husband's job change and it is just not easy to get up early in the morning any more. Oh I understand that. So uh. I have never been able to do it before. <SEP> Well the problem is that I am so tired at the end of the day. I just want to go home and not do anything. Well I and too. I just make myself. Yeah. I get up at five thirty. And I am at school at seven thirty. <SEP> Oh. School is not over until uh four. Uh-huh. And our class. But it is in the building. <SEP> Oh. That is the big difference. Because there are other people around that uh. You had better hurry. Go get dressed. You know there is motivation around there. And then uh we we can change right there in the building. I don't have to drive and fight traffic and get anywhere. Uh-huh. And I just go. And we uh exercise. And until then you know I have belonged to exercise clubs. And oh I have gone to uh oh like uh oh these gyms you know that the like in Plano and Richardson and uh where they offer the uh rec centers really where they offer aerobics. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I have done that before but it has always had to be late at night after I have got home and after dinner. Yeah. And you are just kind of going Ugh. <SEP> And I have tried it immediately after school. Like try to get some place and exercise from five to six. But then by the time you get home and you get dinner you are eating so late. That is right. That is right. That is a. It is. It is really hard with our life style when you work to. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well I know some people go during lunch. But you know by the time I get over the gym and and go for my class and shower and get back to work it is probably two hours or more. Uh-huh. And that is just too long. I have twenty-five minutes for lunch. <SEP> Yeah. That is out for me. That doesn't really do it does it? No. I don't think so. <SEP> Yeah. But uh and they are nice because if we are running late it usually uh. If things are kind of hectic at school and people are running late they kind of wait on us. You know cause they know we are in the building and coming. Where as at uh another place you are paying a lot more money. Yeah. And uh it does going to start whether you are there or not. <SEP> That is right. That is right. So this has worked out real nicely. In fact she charges us two dollars a session. Well that is not much. Huh-uh. So it's it's. We like pay her for six weeks at a time cause that is like a unit in uh uh school uh report card period. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And so it is like twenty-four dollars every six weeks. <SEP> Oh. That is not bad. Huh-uh. It beats memberships at some of these clubs. That is for sure. You are not kidding. <SEP> They are real expensive. I know. We belonged uh for a period of time to the Signature Club for about a year. Uh-huh. I mean we were paying a hundred dollars plus month for our family membership. <SEP> Oh. And at first we used it. And then it got where we weren't beginning to get out money's worth. Yeah. And they offered lots of things. But we weren't taking advantage of them because we didn't have the time to. <SEP> Yeah. So we decided to forget that. Uh-huh. That was just a waste of our our money. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well we have one through work. And it's it's probably about a hundred and fifty dollars a year. Which is bad. Oh no. But I uh I don't know. I still just don't don't end up going cause it isn't at a convenient time or I don't know something. But I need to do something. If if it's only walk the dog or something. Uh-huh. <SEP> I need to start doing that. It does make you feel better. The hard thing is getting going. That is right. And if you have somebody who will do it with you. Like for a long time my husband didn't want to walk cause he wants to uh jog. <SEP> Uh-huh. But he decided that uh maybe uh you know.
sw3651.txt:Okay. I guess tonight's subject is uh woodworking. What kind of woodworking do you do? Do you uh. <SEP> Well k- kind of mainly the woodworking I've done lately is uh made like uh for example a little nativity scene. Uh not the uh the whole figurines and so forth but mainly the stable put some shelves in and and some odd stuff around the house. Uh-huh. And so I I enjoy doing a little bit of woodworking. And I do it out of hobby more than uh you know something I have to do. How about yourself? <SEP> Uh well I like to think of it as a hobby but I I guess also partly out of necessity. Just repairing things around the house. Uh a few years ago uh we needed uh they needed some book shelves. And I kind of drew up some simple plans to make some book shelves. And uh it actually worked pretty well. And over the years I've I've refined those plans. I got myself a router. And I'm I'm very good at making book shelves. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's it's also a way of relieving stress. My wife kind of laughs at me that anytime I get stressed out I just go out in the garage and we've got more book shelves. Well I'll have to come and see them. That sounds like a good idea. I you know. And that's that is right. It is out of necessity. Because lot of the things that uh well we can't be able to afford. But also I I sometimes think that uh I enjoy doing that. And I like to get out and and uh to work with my hands. And uh sounds like you got some real nice tools too. Do you think you would be able to do some more if you had more tools and different tools? <SEP> Uh well yeah. I mean little by little I I started out with just basic hand tools and kind of added on to things. Uh-huh. Uh gotten a a good belt sander. And and the router uh helps a lot because you can make better joints with a router. Uh-huh. <SEP> The latest project that I've been working on and this has been kind of sitting here for a few months is a a cabinet to to put a T V in. Oh a entertainment type center? Right. Oh. <SEP> And it that's works well because you can design it to to suit whatever equipment you have. So I designed a space just the right size for the T V and then the the V C R and shelves on the side for my stereo equipment. Right. Right. Right. <SEP> And uh that's worked pretty well. Uh with uh with the router you can make nice uh. I guess dado joints is what it's called. Right. Or yes. I. Yeah. I'm aware of that. Uh And it's uh. <SEP> And also with a router you can uh make ornamental facings too better than a just straight wood edge. And Uh And uh casings and so forth that are that are real nice. That's right. <SEP> That's right. So. So that's that's good. That's good. <SEP> But what I need next is a good table saw. Yeah. And I I debate whether it's better to get a uh just a straight table saw or to get one of these uh rotary arm saws. Oh. <SEP> Radial arm saw is I guess what they're called. Uh-huh. Uh it t- seems to me the radial arm saw is is better. Well it it takes up less room. Yeah. <SEP> I mean you you set the wood down. And you move the saw. Yeah. Whereas if you're ripping wood you're probably better off with a a table saw. Well and with a radial arm saw if you do have a a big piece of wood that you need to rip like you say or cut you wouldn't be able to do that. Uh but uh yeah. A table saw does take a lot of time excuse me a lot of space and is a pretty big investment. <SEP> Yeah. And. Uh that that's partly my problem now. I don't have room for this. I uh I. Where uh where we lived before up north uh basements were were common. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I used to put all the stuff in my basement. But not so here in Texas. Uh-huh. <SEP> No. They don't have basements. Well I'm from up north also. And and uh no. There's no t- basements down here. And it's kind of uh hard to get uh shop space unless you have a dedicated shop or a dedicated room for that. Yeah. Yeah. Lot of the equipment too that I've I've used in the past uh I w- you know I've used in school. And uh I would. I don't know. I'd I'd kind of like to to look at equipment like a lathe or like you say a table saw and some of those things that would make uh some pretty nice uh pieces of uh well wood for for different things for tables for for uh chairs for you know decks and so forth. So I don't know. <SEP> Uh-huh. I I just enjoy woodworking. And I think the the main thing is like you say it's a it's a good out. It's an opportunity to get out and relieve some of the pressure that you feel day to day. And it's a great stress stress reliever. Have you ever used a lathe? Yes. I have in school I have. And I've made uh uh different things uh la- uh tables for chairs. And I've made uh bowls. And uh and uh.
sw3541.txt:Okay. You think you're getting your money's worth? Uh never. <SEP> Uh the only thing I'm I'm thankful of is that we don't have to pay any income tax in in Texas. Well that's probably the next year's agenda. Yeah. Boy I tell you what. I sure hope they don't pass something like that. Oh yeah. They're finding a way to tax you every time you turn around. And I I think one way or the other we're going to pay for the bureaucracy I guess. Uh it's one area that is really I I think hurting the economy more than anything. I think the taxes have just every time you turn around they they have taking more bite out of the dollars that are available for spending for any kind of products. And I I I think that is probably as big a item fueling the recession as anything right now. <SEP> Well I I tell you um. I remember every time it seems like we turned around they're adding another nickel or a few more cents onto the price of gasoline. That's right. That's right. <SEP> And actually that one the the the taxes on gasoline don't don't bug me as much as uh uh what are we eight and a quarter percent sales tax? Yep. That's right. And every time you go to buy anything now uh. Even you know they they tax food. That's the one that really kind of bothers me. Well I think that uh that the problem with the sales tax of course is it's an unfair tax across the board uh as far as ability to pay which a- allegedly allegedly taxes are supposed to be directed towards. But uh now people with the lowest income pay a hundred percent almost of you know taxes on everything they buy and where people that make you know two hundred three hundred thousand dollars a year certainly a portion of that they aren't going to be paying taxes on you know. And uh that's the unfair equity inequities of sales tax as a main source of revenue. But I don't think it is anymore not in Texas anyway. <SEP> Oh I got you because people that uh don't make very much money wind up spending it all. That's right. That's right. Yeah. Whatever they spent it on they have to pay tax on. That's right. That's right. And that's the unfairness of the thing. But uh I think taxes generally are unfair. So. <SEP> Wha- what do you think of that new luxury car tax anything over ten thou- or thirty thousand dollars? Well you know like other things if they don't affect you you don't worry about them too much. I have trouble buying a twenty thousand dollar car still. So it doesn't. I I think uh you know generally the prices of cars have gotten out of line which is uh you know. <SEP> Oh sure. And uh I guess if people got thirty forty thousand bucks to spend on a car uh that's their prerogative you know. I I I don't have a whole of sympathy on that. You maybe you buy that you know. And I don't mean to be knocking uh. No. Uh no. I haven't. But it it to me it seems really interesting that they come along and add another ten percent tax uh on top of it. And there's an awful lot of cars that cost more than thirty thousand. Yeah. There are. There are. And the idea of that kind of taxation is to have people think twice on putting their money into that I guess you know unless they really want it buy something that you know. More well it it's just like having taxes on or exemptions for kids you know. It's a way of increasing the population that that was one of the initial ideas of you know giving exemptions on kids on on federal taxes. <SEP> Yeah. And where you exempt things like uh uh one of the best things I heard on taxes to stimulate the economy someone brilliant deductor probably Lloyd Bentsen said that all you know if they gave back the deductions on credit cards on your federal taxes people would probably be you know spending more money using their credit cards. Right. <SEP> Right. Now I don't know if that's true or not. But if you look on all interest things not just credit cards but on your cars and you know a- any kind of interest that you're paying from a personal point of view that might make certain sense in stimulating consumer purchasers. Sure. So that's a lot of the games that politicians play on where they want to go you know tax things that they don't you know to a degree well like booze you know. Example they keep raising the taxes on booze. It gets to the point you know it makes drunks sober you know. They quit buying it. <SEP> Well what what about the taxes on cigarettes?
sw2469.txt:Okay. What kind of hobbies do you have? Um mostly what I do. I do do some crafts like it mentioned in the thing. And then I I read a lot. Uh-huh. I like to read too. I was trying to think of some while while it was uh talking about it. And then I. It took so long for someone to answer. I started reading the newspaper and kind of forgot about it. <SEP> Oh. But uh yeah. I'd say reading is probably one of my biggest ones because it's the type of thing that you can you can do a little bit at a time whereas I would love to do crafts and stuff if I just had the time to do it or if I had the space. <SEP> Uh-huh. I live in a pretty small apartment. And uh I would have to you know put stuff away. I have two cats. So I couldn't really leave it out if I was working on something. Uh-huh. Reading is a little bit easier to work around. <SEP> Yeah. You can pick it up and take it wherever you go. Any space. That's right. I get too involved in reading sometimes that I neglect what I should be doing. That's true. I do the same thing. <SEP> You get so involved in what you're reading. What types of crafts do you do? I do a little bit of woodworking. Well I used to. I don't have the equipment here. We moved to Dallas about a year ago. Uh-huh. <SEP> And my dad had a lot of woodworking equipment. Uh-huh. And I did some of that. Um. Here I've mostly done things that I can do strictly by hand um sewing and quilting and um. What else have I done? Things to hang on the wall. Uh-huh. <SEP> Mostly just stuff that I can you know use right around the house or give away as gifts. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> I've been making a lot of quilts well not a lot but several quilts lately. Uh-huh. So. I enjoy uh sewing and needlework also. I've I've uh made some small things cross stitch things. And um back when I was in high school I worked at a needlework shop. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I I used to do the latch hook rugs and needlepoint and things like that. And I I still remember how to do it. It's just been so long since I've actually sat down and taken the time to do something like that. But I have recently done some cross stitch. Uh-huh. And I enjoy doing that. It's just the same old thing. It's just getting the time to do it. <SEP> Yeah. I've done some cross um cross stitch. But I never count right. And I always have to either take it out or have my picture slightly off centered or or something. Uh-huh. It never has worked out completely. Yeah. It takes a lot of concentration. I mean it was the type of thing. I was I was making some little things for Christmas. And I also made a little thing for a baby gift. And uh I thought Oh I can do this while I watch T V. Wrong. <SEP> Right. No. You must pay all attention to what you're doing. It's it is a lot more difficult than it seems like it would be. It took me uh quite a bit of time. I though Oh this won't take long at all. But I was wrong. Uh-huh. It took it took a while to do. But it was fun. I enjoyed it. <SEP> Yeah. The first project I started out one was a big one. It was uh it was of a lady. And she was kneeling. And it was about fifteen by twenty maybe. Oh my gosh. And I. It was just too much to start with. And I still haven't finished it because I I stopped. And I thought I better do some simple things and work up to this because it was just so difficult to get it done. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And there were so many different shadings and colors. And and it was just too much to begin with. And I think kind of discouraged me from doing much more with it. Yeah. That's pretty understandable. <SEP> And I've done some of the crewel and the um something similar to that. Uh-huh. But it doesn't have the specific stitches. Anyway it's a little bit more loose and not quite as structured. And I like that a little bit better the variety of stitches and stuff in that. Uh-huh. <SEP> More like embroidery or something. I'm trying to think of anything else I do as a hobby. Um. I don't even watch T V very much. I was tonight. But. Yeah. I was reading when you called. Yeah. <SEP> How about movies. Do you like to go to movies? Yeah. I do I do like to go to movies. And I have a V C R. So I like to rent movies. And um I have right now I have the movie channel. So I've recorded quite a few movies off of that. Um. Just I've kind of got a collection going of tapes now. And whenever I go visit my parents they're always saying Well bring some of your tapes. They always borrow a few of them. I was over there. They live in Duncanville. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I was over there at Easter. And they said Bring some tapes with you. So they are always borrowing my tapes. Yeah. But uh. <SEP> Well we. I like to I like to do uh stuff with plants. I like um I have a lot of plants in my apartment. And I've got a pretty small porch. But it's it's uh. I've got a few planters out there that I I'll uh you know. In the winter time I usually plant some pansies in there. And then in the summer I'll plant petunias. Or something that's colorful. And like that blooms a lot. But haven't done that yet. Uh-huh. I kept thinking that it was going to get cold one more time. But I think we're probably past that now. I probably should go buy some. <SEP> Yeah. I guess if I had a house I might enjoy gardening some. I'm not real crazy about pulling weeds and things like that. Yeah. It's the hard work. Yeah. I like the planting and watering is okay. <SEP> It's so nice though when you have a nice yard full of flowers. It's so beau-. I mean we don't. We live in an apartment also. Uh-huh. I've got a few plants here. But I'm not really knowledgeable. I feel real good if I water them. And they continue to grow. You know I feel like Oh I've accomplished something. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I enjoy it. But I'm just not experienced enough with. It. Uh-huh. Yeah. I don't know too much about it either. Mine's pretty limited to my little uh porch plants. And then the ones in my apartment half of which don't look real healthy. But I don't always get direct sun except in certain spots. <SEP> Oh yeah. And so that's probably my problem there. But. Have you tried any growing any um like fruits and vegetables or anything? I guess vegetables are in insi- like in pots and stuff? No. I never have tried that just because I don't have that much space on this little porch here in this apartment or this little balcony. <SEP> Uh-huh. And my other two pots are. They're kind of they're pretty big. And I have enough plants in them that it takes up a lot of my porch area. So between that and the chairs and the barbecue grill and the fireplace wood there's no room for much else. But my dad uh my dad used to grow tomatoes and things at the house. And I'd I think when I was real little I probably had a finger in on that every time he did it and had to be out there and watch and that type of stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I've never really tried anything like that since then. Well I considered it last year. And this year both. But I haven't done anything about it. Uh-huh. <SEP> So. I think it would be nice to just go out and pick some tomatoes off the porch. We get lots of sunlight here. And the porch is screened in. And it's pretty large. Oh wow. So um I think if I just would be. If I'd do something be motivated enough to do something I think it would work out well. Uh-huh. <SEP> But but there goes that motivation thing again. Right. Well I enjoy playing with my cats. I don't know if you'd call that a hobby. But I have two cats. And I gave them a bath tonight. So they're a little bit angry at me. Can you can you put them right in the water? They didn't like it too much. <SEP> Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh that's good. Right in the tub. And it helps because it's the time of the year that they're shedding a lot and cleaning cat fur off the couch and off the floor is not a hobby of mine. So I thought this'll help you know help them shed. <SEP> And sure enough boy the fur just came off like crazy once I got them in the tub. Oh yeah. So they're pretty content now. But they were mad at me for quite a while. They went and hid after they after they got dried off. <SEP> Sulked for a while huh. Yeah. Well I like animals. But we don't have any yet. We have a nine month old with another on the way. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we thought well maybe when they're a little bit bigger then we'll. Yeah. Or get into a house with a little more space. I'd love to have have some animals. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I like dogs. And my husband likes cats. So we haven't reached a real agreement on that yet. If we get a place where we can have both it'll be great. But until then. Yeah. I like both. But since I'm in an apartment I just I don't think an apartment is big enough for a dog. Dogs to me dogs need a yard even little dogs. Uh-huh. They just need a yard. Cats can deal with being inside all the time just fine. But I just think dogs need need to be outside though. So. <SEP> I agree with you. I. If we were going to get anything now it would definitely be a cat or even a bird or a fish tank or something you know. Something small. Yeah. Now that's an idea. With the small babies. <SEP> That she can watch but won't take too much care. Yeah. Because you kind of. Even even a cat you never know when they might bite or scratch or something. Uh-huh. They're not as likely to as a dog might I guess. But with little ones I'd be kind of scared to get anything that has teeth or claws. <SEP> Especially when they're not quite to the age of understanding that they're hurting you know. That. They grab hold with both hands and then just jerk. Oh yeah. And if I was a cat or dog I'd respond probably by biting or something. I don't know. Oh yeah. <SEP> That'd be my self defense. But Well I think we probably reached our time limit. Uh-huh. Yeah. Probably. So and I'm out of out of good ideas for a hobby anyway. <SEP> Oh okay. Well it was good talking to you. Thank you for calling. All right. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.
sw2102.txt:Okay. Well my favorite probably all time T V show is STAR TREK. And I would it like that. I I like the adventure of it. And the idea that that we would survive long enough to get to that point and be able to do these fantastic things in space. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then I like the. They have a new one now. The STAR TREK THE NEXT GENERATION. Which it's an all new cast but kind of the same idea going out to new places and and doing new things and finding out about different people. Right. And I've I've always liked that show probably the very best. <SEP> Uh-huh. I think I've actually seen a number of STAR TREKS one way or another over the years. Uh although I never watched it regularly. I'm certainly acquainted with the character the characters. Uh-huh. And then I've seen some of the STAR TREK movies. Yeah. Those. The movies are good too. <SEP> And I I guess all most of the shows I like are are kind of along the same line because they're all adventure. Uh-huh. When I when I started thinking about this that those are some of my favorite shows MCGYVER because it's it's only one person there more than uh you know instead of a cast of people. <SEP> Uh-huh. But he's always going out and inventing new things out of scrap and grabbing what he can and you know pieces of baling wire and and a few tires and all of a sudden he's got a hang glider. And. I don't think I I've even heard of that show. You haven't? <SEP> It's called MCGYVER? Uh-huh. And what is what is he? He's like a semigovernment type agent. Who goes out then to uh works for the Phoenix Foundation supposedly. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh h- his big thing is that he can take pieces of little bits and pieces of string and baling wire and turn them into fantastic different things. He took a car battery and some wire and two washers one time and made a welder. Uh-huh. So he he does all kinds of strange things like that. <SEP> Oh great. Boeing ought to hire him and give him a junkyard and see if he could build a Seven Forty-Seven out of it. Yeah. See what we can come up with. Do you like the uh news shows TWENTY TWENTY SIXTY MINUTES those kind of things? <SEP> Well uh I used to watch SIXTY MINUTES as a matter of fact. And uh and I used to like the show very much. Uh-huh. But unfortunately I find getting rid of your T V set you do throw out some some of the baby with the bath water. Some of the little things. <SEP> Yeah. And uh I just decided I had to do that. I think in part because it was easy for me to become addicted to it. I mean I could just sit mindlessly in front of a T V set for hours. Uh. <SEP> And I just realized I was sort of like an alcoholic. If I didn't get the booze out of the house I was going to drink. Oh. So. I guess I haven't ever had any trouble with that. I have more or less I have my favorite shows. And I usually make time in my day or my week you know to watch those. <SEP> Yeah. But for the most part I try I have small kids and I try and keep it on just a minimum amount of time really when they're up. Yeah. Yeah. Because they're. I guess that that that falls. And one of my other favorite shows is SESAME STREET because of the kids. I like that real well. <SEP> Right. Well when my kids were little I did have a T V set. And I did watch a lot of SESAME STREET and a lot of ELECTRIC COMPANY as well. I don't think they have that on anymore. Well that would be a shame. I haven't seen the ELECTRIC COMPANY in a long time. I I remember it when I was younger of you know catching it on P B S. But uh I don't think they show. It must be in. Maybe it's in. If it was in repeats. But they're not making new ones. <SEP> Huh. I haven't seen it in a long time. But SESAME STREET is still really good. Yeah. How about MISTER ROGERS. Is he still around? Yes. Yeah. They still show MISTER ROGERS. I don't think he's making new ones. But they repeat all the old ones. <SEP> I see. I see. So that's still a real good show too. I. That one tends to come on earlier in the day than I want to turn the T V on. Uh-huh. SESAME STREET comes on from like nine to ten which is a good time. And everybody is up and had breakfast and dressed and ready to go. So it's. The timing of of it is good besides the amo- what's on. <SEP> Right. I figure your children are preschool? Yes. I have two little ones. Yeah. So they like that. <SEP> Yeah. I seem to remember those shows being on in the afternoon. They come on both. They come on like from nine to ten and then from uh five to six. Uh-huh. Okay. They just repeat over again. Which is also. <SEP> Okay. That's another thing that's good about it. When it comes on right in the dinner hour. I f- can feel like I can let them sit in front of the T V and watch. And they're watching something worthwhile while I can make dinner and do things I need to do without them under foot. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Little with little kids the T V set really is a I mean. I used it as a pacifier. Yeah. I'm not sure it was that great for my children. But they turned out okay. So. Uh it didn't hurt them any. <SEP> Yeah. Some shows are good for. I think some shows some. STAR TREK I. For the imagination of it all. The idea I I think that's one of the things I like about STAR TREK. Uh-huh. And is is the. Even in for kids watching some of it can be a little violent sometimes and stuff. I don't let my little ones watch it. But the imagination of look what we can do you know in the future this is perhaps this will be possible. That kind of thing. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well I think we've covered most of my favorite T V shows. <SEP> Well I'm trying to think if I ever even had a favorite one at one time uh. Let's see how about uh MAN FROM UNCLE? I do seem to reme-. Is that the one where they uh he always got this this tape recording that self-destructed? That's MISSION IMPOSSIBLE. <SEP> Uh MISSION. That's right. MISSION IMPOSSIBLE. Yeah. I used to watch that. In fact I can still remember a couple of those. They were. I thought those were very good. Yeah. They always have. I've I've seen some of them on repeats. Yeah. That uh. They always had a good plot. <SEP> Huh. It kind of kept you guessing on on uh what was going to happen next. Right. Right. You. How they're going get out of their latest scrape. <SEP> Yeah. I do remember that. And uh I remember as a kid my parents watching the ED SULLIVAN Show. That was really the big deal in our household was the ED SULLIVAN SHOW. Oh yeah. Every Saturday night? Yeah. I gu- I guess it was a Saturday night. And I went to see the movie THE DOORS a couple of days ago. And they had this scene uh that por- portraying THE DOORS' appearance on the ED SULLIVAN SHOW. Huh. <SEP> They even had somebody portraying Ed Sullivan. And it was very very funny. I think it was the funniest part of the of that movie. Um. <SEP> Well I don't know. Was there any. I remember the MILTON BERLE SHOW even. I was I was. Ye-. I'm not old enough to recall that one. Well I guess I have to admit that I am. My T V viewing started sort of mid-sixties. So. <SEP> I see. My folks didn't my folks. I'm not even sure if we had one when I was really little. That may be why bu-. They probably didn't have a T V until I got to be you know grade school or so. Yeah. And the shows that I like now they wouldn't let me watch. I had to catch them all on repeats. Like STAR TREK they thought that was much too violent for small children. So. <SEP> Huh. I I I ended up watching a lot of these things on you know repeats in the afternoons or something. Yeah. That's that's interesting. Uh I think it's interesting that parents think that their small children learn violence from TV. People were just as violent before T V was invented maybe even more so. Yeah. <SEP> But I guess that's that's a different topic. Isn't it? Probably so. Well I think that's about uh that's about covered it for me. So I think I'll say good-bye. And we'll talk another time perhaps. Yeah. Well it was nice talking to you. Tell me tell me where you're calling from. I'm calling from Garland Texas. <SEP> Garland Texas. Uh-huh. All right. I'm in Nor-. Where are you from? <SEP> I'm in Raleigh North Carolina. Oh my goodness. I didn't know they did it long distance. Yeah. I think they're doing it trying to do it or I hope they're trying to do it all over the country because they need to collect all kinds of different different dialects. Yes. <SEP> Well it was nice talking to you. Same here. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.
sw3993.txt:Okay. What do you do artistic painting? Uh I do tole painting. Oh you do? <SEP> Uh-huh. I really love the tole painting. Uh I haven't done any of the oil or watercolor. I would like to learn that someday. But right now my passion is tole painting. Do you do a lot of it? Uh-huh. I I took one class about I guess three or four years ago. And I've done a little uh. <SEP> Oh. But it takes a lot of time. It does. It is real time consuming. And. D- do you sell your projects? <SEP> Uh mostly I have just given them away as gifts. Uh-huh. Uh I've done uh perpetual calendars and cookie jar lids and oh on and on you know just things like that. But uh I would eventually like to make enough to sell and quit my job. Uh-huh. <SEP> Where do you work at? I just work at Stop and Shop out there in in Ogden. So. Now do you ever send any of your stuff to the boutique? <SEP> No. I've wanted to do that uh but just haven't just haven't mass produced enough to do that. Uh-huh. So I have five children of my own. So it's. That keeps you busy. <SEP> They they keep me busy. And tole painting is just a you know something I do in my spare time. So. Uh-huh. Have you tried any of the. Well do you cut out your own projects? Yes. Uh-huh. I have my own saws. And so I really enjoy doing that. Huh. Do you uh ever spray your projects with the I mean a base coat first. Or do you brush it on? <SEP> I brush it on. Yeah. I haven't tried a a spray varnish. I use just a wood sealer. Uh-huh. Yeah. I just bought a spray gun one of those airless uh not airless high volume low pressure spray guns. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. And I do a lot of woodworking. And that's what I bought it for. Do you? <SEP> Oh. But I haven't used it yet. Oh well that's that'ud probably give you a smoother finish wouldn't it? Yeah. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. Now what type of woodworking do you do? Uh fine furniture. <SEP> Oh do you? Yeah. That's why I brought bought the sprayer is to finish my projects. <SEP> Oh. That's my worst worst part of my woodworking. I get so sick of making. Oh but it's hard to finish it huh. Yeah. But spraying does put on a nicer finish. <SEP> Oh well that is interesting. So what kind of equipment do you have? For woodworking? Uh-huh. Uh let me see. Table saw scroll saw band saw lathe routers. And -t's about it. <SEP> Boy it sounds like you're really into it. That is nice. Yeah. It is. Yeah. I I just have a scroll saw and a jig saw. And I am really anxious to get a band saw and a router. Yeah. The band saw is really nice. I have an Inca. I don't know if you've ever heard of those. <SEP> Oh. But it's nice to have the right equipment. Yeah. That is that makes it easier doesn't it? Uh-huh. <SEP> Well have you sold any of your furniture. Or just. Uh. Not. Mostly I do like you do give it away as gifts. <SEP> Uh-huh. But Making my own furniture. Yeah. <SEP> Oh that's interesting. Do you uh did you take classes to learn how to do that? Uh just in junior high. Uh-huh. And then I just kept on through high school and then got my own equipment kept up with that. <SEP> Oh so yours is mostly just a hobby too then. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. <SEP> Well that is interesting. Oh I would I really would love to go take a class in woodworking and learn how to. I don't know if I necessarily want to do furniture. But mostly uh just do more. Like the shelves and. <SEP> Uh-huh. The woodworking. For your tole painting. Uh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. So it's fun. Good. Well I guess I'll let you go now. <SEP> Well they come on. We're supposed to talk until they come on and tell us. Oh they do? Okay. So this is my first one. You're probably a veteran at this. <SEP> Yeah. Well it has it has been really fun. I've enjoyed this. Uh. Like I say I've made a couple of calls to Texas and just talked to all different kinds of people. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I think you'll enjoy doing it. Yeah. It's fun. Sounds fun. Where do you buy your tole painting paints at around here? <SEP> Uh you know there's a shop in Roy that I really love. Uh and it's there by the Copper Mill restaurant used to be the Hayloft. I am not famil-. Well we live in Roy. But we haven-. Is it on nineteen hundred? Uh-huh. Uh let's see. I'm trying to think of the name. I know where fifty-six hundred south is. <SEP> Uh I don't right off. Is that Ben Franklin then? Ben Franklin. Okay.
sw3215.txt:Well this is a subject that you never think you'll be assigned to. One that kind of comes up when you've lost it the others other subjects. No. Um as I was sitting there I thought the weather's been perfect. I don't know much to say about it. It's uh it's you know. For the balloon festival here in Plano it was just gorgeous. <SEP> I'm from Plano also. Are you? It couldn't have been better. That's right. I mean it didn't foul one launch. And that's kind of unusual. And it's kind of cold in the mornings. So you dress up warm. But by. <SEP> Right. That's the only thing wrong I can find with it. I just got back from Dayton. I spent the weekend in Ohio with my family. Oh how fun. <SEP> And the trees are changing color there. I miss that. Yeah. So that. As soon as we got out of the cloud cover. Of course it wasn't sunny like it is here. It was real gray. Yeah. <SEP> But as soon as the plane got through the clouds. And I saw all those trees. It just really made me realize how much I miss the fall. Yeah. I don't complain weather wise though because it was also thirty-five degrees there yesterday morning. <SEP> And the high was only fifty. And it was supposed to drop and get sleet in the afternoon. Ooh. So it was nice to get off the plane where it was in the seventies. I guess you have to take some things and leave some things. <SEP> That's right. Yeah. I'm from Utah area. And they you know they have tons of canyons where the leaves change. And they're gorgeous. Yeah. You could spend every weekend of the fall going to a different area. <SEP> We did that when we lived up in Michigan. We went up to the upper peninsula. And they actually printed out maps of routes you could take so you would get maximum leaf exposure. And then on leaf weekends it was which is this time of the year it's bumper to bumper traffic. People as. Whoever was driving could never have a prayer of looking at the leaves because they had to keep watching the road. Yeah. It's kind of hazardous for driving. <SEP> Yes. That's for sure. But I can't complain. I don't know if I've been spoiled. I've been thinking it's getting cold sooner than normal. We've only lived here a couple of years. I think it is. And my family said that in Ohio there was just an article on at the T V news that they are three weeks ahead of schedule as far as the coldness of the temperatures and uh the first frost. Huh. <SEP> Everything just happened three weeks early this year. We'll have to see how it goes. A couple of weeks ago we were cooler than normal. But then we're back to being warmer than normal this week or last week. So. Just so we don't have one of those famous ice storms in the spring. <SEP> I don't have to live through many any of those really. A bad. I mean nothing comparable I guess to what you've had before. Well I've only been here just a short time too. So I haven't been through any of those either. <SEP> So. I have in Michigan. But in Michigan you can get twelve inches of snow. And life goes on. You're right. So as I understand it here if there's anything they'll call off schools and and close businesses. Well they get ice. And no one can drive on ice. <SEP> Right. I mean we used to think they were pansies. But then when you decided what ice was. Right. The real definition of ice. So well I think we've discussed it good enough today. <SEP> I think so. It was It was good talking to you. It was nice talking with you. Maybe we'll get the next time. <SEP> Okay. Take care. Okay. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw2130.txt:All right uh. I I would like to talk about just briefly What happened over there in Saudi Arabia in the political context. I think it's uh refreshing to see the uh the support that the President got from the American people. Yeah. It. We. I I read an interesting article in the paper that discussed uh that uh. Seemed that every other time a President tried to get support for an action like uh uh President Carter and his thing with the the hostage crisis and he always did it through rhetoric. Right. <SEP> Right. And this time President Bush did it through action. And he he drove policy by the course he took and almost forced public support. Um. <SEP> Yes. Or uh I mean he left almost no alternative. That's right. <SEP> And and it was very interesting how he did it. And uh I mean I'm I'm an Air Force Officer. So it uh it was interesting for me uh you know. Really. I'd certainly uh. I I mean I think it's great that all the support. I have uh friends of mine from the Air. I'm I'm an engineer and work in the Rolm Laboratory. Right. <SEP> But other engi- guys here on base. This is a B fifty-two base where I work. So we had about a thousand people gone from the base that went over there. Yeah. And they're getting a tremendous amount of support out of it. That's great um. If if you remember the vote in the Congress to authorize war if necessary was actually pretty close. <SEP> Yes. It was. And if if my memory serves me right I believe a majority of Democrats may even have opposed it. It it was. Yeah. I'm. I don't know the exact figure. But I I would imagine that because of the how close the the vote was I'm uh I mean almost certainly would have to be. Just based on the sheer numbers of uh the disparity of excuse me Democrats and Republicans in Congress he'd think that it would have to have been um. That's right. <SEP> And uh I I. Gosh this uh this whole thing now with all the uh all the political cartoons on the Democrats and how they're uh uh they're in in a sad way for ninety-two now in terms of the presidential election anyway. Yeah. Especially the ones that came out and said oh come on guys let's talk about this little while longer. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I mean how many years are we going to wait. And and what what do you do with the people that are over there in the mean time. Right. Right. I think that was. All those factors played a part in you know uh the. No doubt. <SEP> Everyone was discussing whether we should uh wait longer. But I I I know that there's a lot of reasons to wait longer. But I think we were genuinely concerned about how their military capability. And we uh I think we over estimated it. But still we were really highly concerned about it. I think so too. And that we were worried that they were getting dug in. And uh. Well they were. <SEP> Yeah. And in fact they were so well dug in that uh when we sent our tanks around behind them they couldn't get turned around in time. Right. They couldn't yeah they couldn't. Yeah. It's true. They. Saddam thought he had the whole thing uh figured out to to which way we were coming and which what what our doctrine was that uh. Well had had we done a frontal assault it probably would have worked more to his favor. <SEP> That's right. That's true. That's interesting. I think uh this political situation over there now is uh uh. It'll be interesting to see what comes out of it whether the this opposition will uh uh. Today the Turks uh agreed to support the Kurds which is something they've never done before. And uh. And uh this. Um interesting. And the Israelis uh and not the Israelis but the Arabs all of a sudden are uh are cheering for Baker on his drive for to reconcile relations with the Israelis. So it's like. Well Baker is really not very much pro Israel. <SEP> Yeah. I. And did you know John Sununu is uh half Arab? No uh. I I think I did hear that at one time a long time ago. Yeah. <SEP> Because I used to live in uh Massachusetts. But uh. Right. In in fact when he was Governor of New Hampshire I believe. Yeah. New Hampshire. Okay. I believe he was the only one of fifty governors that voted against some kind of resolution of support for Israel a few years back. <SEP> Oh my gosh. And uh now he is a conservative. But he is not a conservative that favors Israel. Uh. And that that concerns me greatly. <SEP> Well I don't. Yeah. I'd certainly uh support Israel in in their their policy that in defending themselves and in uh in their handling of their foreign policy. I think I think the stand they have or or the way the command respect. I I support that. I think that is a a positive thing for them after um uh thousands of years. They have to uh they ha-. I think they in. When they be- became a country they more than or more or less decided they weren't going to take it anymore. And uh. Well they didn't have much choice. They could either fight or die. Yeah. Exactly exactly. And uh um so gee. I lost my train of thought here. But uh um so okay. So I can't say whether that that I'm pro Israel or anti Israel. I mean I'd like to see them resolve something in that situation and get some stability in the region. And looks uh that the joining of forces for this uh uh Desert Shield and Desert Storm thing ended up being a positive thing. It is a positive thing um. However uh every time an organization such as the P L O says well we'll see if we can work with Israel then uh they get embarrassed some every few months by documents that reveal that their ultimate purpose is to totally eliminate them. <SEP> Right. And so you you basically have uh mutually exclusive interests. Either Israel is going to occupy the area. Or the Arabs are going to occupy the area. And I'm just not sure that that there's going to be any easy permanent solution. Yeah. Somebody's going to. And I think that's the problem the P L O has is that when they whenever one group of them decides that they're going to negotiate or they're going to do something they're going to try to make some peace but uh the end result is that they there so many factions of them and uh some more violent than others some with a certain agenda different than the others or they split. They end up being becoming divisive themselves. Exactly. <SEP> Uh I. It's interesting. It is. I I'm I'm looking forward to seeing what happens over there in the next couple of months. But uh that's. Yeah. I I commend Israel for their restraint in not responding to the Scud attacks. <SEP> Yeah. I know. That that is almost. I mean that's absolutely unprecedented. That was an an incredible foreign policy coup on the part of the President and the State Department. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. <SEP> And that I mean that's never happened before. No. And I don't know if it will ever happen again. But. May not. Well it's been fun I enjo- enjoyed talking with you. <SEP> Yeah. Okay uh. I guess uh well maybe the computer will pair us up together another time. You never know. All right. Bye bye. <SEP> Bye bye.
sw2759.txt:All right. Have you ever been drug tested? Um that's a good question. Um I had a job I had to go get a blood test for. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um. <SEP> And and they did a full blood screen on me. But they didn't call that a drug test. So tha-. I think they checked for drugs. They just don't tell you they did. Yeah. <SEP> I had I've had uh two or three drug tests that I had to get before I could start working at a job uh different jobs. Uh-huh. I had one at T I and then one at another engineering company. And really I mean I don't mind them. I don't do drugs anyway. I guess if I did maybe I would. But um I don't know. I know a girl that she's a nurse. And they get drug tested randomly. I've never been randomly drug tested. Uh-huh. <SEP> But that would probably bother me to wake up one day and find out halfway through the day that you're going to be drug tested and you didn't know about it. Yeah. Well I guess it depends on if you got something to worry about. Yeah. I guess so. I guess so. Do you think that it's right? Well I I I come from kind of a biased opinion because I'm a a therapist and a drug and alcohol counselor. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I've done employee assistant work. And I I know the kind of cost businesses go through in terms of accidents on the job that are specifically drug and alcohol related. Right. <SEP> Right. And it's like in the billions of dollars every year. Um. And th- the only way that they can prevent that is is you know making sure that the employees are drug and alcohol free. That's true. And you know the the problem in the work place is that that people are. Like if your boss is your drinking buddy or whatever I mean you can come to come to work drunk and get in an accident. And he'll cover up for you. And nobody knows about it. <SEP> Right. But c- you know ends up costing the company lots and lots of money. That's true. So. <SEP> I believe it's right especially for certain jobs. You know. <SEP> I think anyone in a in a public job like bus drivers and cab drivers and police officers and things like that. Uh-huh. I think they should be randomly drug tested. Yeah. <SEP> I believe full force in that. Yeah. I don't know that I believe every secretary in every company needs to be. True. <SEP> You know secretaries aren't aren't really going to cost the company that much money if they fall face forward in their typewriter or something. So I don't know. I I'm kind of biased too because I don't do drugs. And so I really don't care one way or another if anybody wants to pull me up tomorrow and test me. Because I have nothing to worry about. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> So I guess that's kind of biased. Yeah. Well there. It's I I think one of the problems with it is it affects a lot of other folks on the job if somebody else is impaired. Yeah. It does. Because generally you know it. Uh you find out one way or another if somebody's got a problem on the job. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. And if e- even if like you say even if it's just the secretary. If her work or abilities start affecting her co-workers then it it's still a problem. Yeah. <SEP> That's true. So. But what do you do about the occasional user that may have gone to a party three days before. <SEP> And you know it's it's been the whole weekend since they've done anything. And they happen to be tested Monday morning. And they could be fired for that? You know that that's kind of unfair also. Well yeah. I guess it comes with the turf. Yeah. I guess so. I guess if you're going to do it you need to suffer the consequences. Yeah. Man. And in terms of drugs they're illegal. So you're you're breaking the law anyway. <SEP> That's true. That's true. Probably the the biggest problem with those is they don't do a real good job of of assessing for alcohol. <SEP> That's true. And that's probably the biggest problem there is. Yeah. I think so more than drugs. And I know a lot of companies that will put you in an alcohol rehabilitation before they would put you in a drug rehab. Yeah. <SEP> They would pay for an alcohol. Uh-huh. But they don't always pay for drug rehabilitation. Well I guess that's one of the positive things that ha- have come out of it some of the employee assistance program. If you do test positive for something they will give you an op- o- opportunity to go get your life straight rather than to lose your job. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. And I. <SEP> I think that's fair. Th-. Yeah. I think the benef- the company benefits in the long run. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. That's about all I have to say on it. What what kind of testing do they do when you went? <SEP> Uh it's a urine test. Urine screen. And they uh. Yeah. <SEP> It was really very official. You have to go in a room solely by yourself sign papers that say you were totally alone sign papers that say this is yours. And and you have to seal the bottle yourself and label it yourself and all of that. Uh-huh. <SEP> So that they're sure that you haven't borrowed anybody's I guess or something. Well that happens. Yeah. I know. <SEP> I ca- it's hard to believe. It happens a lot. But I guess it does. There there are people that n- pay other people to to help them out. <SEP> I know. I'm amazed at the things people will do. <SEP> Yeah. It is amazing. I guess there are people that do that. And they are those are expensive tests. I'm glad I never had to pay for one. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. It depends r- r- really on how how strong a test it is. They've got different degrees as far as as how far back they can check. Yeah. I guess so. They got some unusual things besides blood and urine tests. They've some companies that are doing uh hair tests. <SEP> Oh really? Yeah. Well that. They'll pull out one of your hairs. And they can apparently test um back a certain period of time. Because some of the the residue ends up in your hair follicles you know. How weird. I didn't know that. It's kind of. <SEP> Oh that's weird. Hair follicles I guess are just dead protein. And they. Yeah. And it it's apparently al- almost like a a calendar. They they've got it pretty precise now. They can go back and look at in terms of growth in a in a hair when you used and and that type of thing. <SEP> That's wild. So. It's amazing the things they can find out from different things on your body. Yeah. So I guess if they perfect that is not quite as cumbersome as having to go fill a bottle or give blood or something like that. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. That's true. I'm glad I never had to do it by giving blood. I can't stand the thought of giving blood. Uh-huh. <SEP> I can't even do it for Wadley even though it's a good cause. Yeah. Well I enjoyed talking to you. Well I did too. <SEP> Thank you. Uh-huh. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2554.txt:Well what do you think about it? Well um most of the stuff up until now in the recent months I I I don't have any problem with. No. I don't either. <SEP> Uh I mean it's. You know it. I don't think it's going to change very much. But. No. I agree with that. As as far as the as far as the mess that's developing as a result um you know. As a country the United States uh. I think our hands are tied as far as as as any further involvement until the U N sanctions it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. In fact it really was to begin with. Yeah. <SEP> And uh I just I heard a comment on the radio this morning that uh you know it it gets to a point where uh if enough people are are going to be slaughtered over there over the the the internal problems um somebody may step in again. Uh-huh. But uh I really think it's it's a U N issue at that point because it is internal. Yeah. <SEP> Well you know the funny thing I find about American opinion is that when we have gone in to destabilize a government before the American public goes crazy. Uh-huh. And now the fact that we're not interfering with the internal rebellion in in Iraq they're going crazy. <SEP> That's right. That's right. You know I mean you can't please them one way or the other. Absolutely right. You know and I and I think that I I agree with you. This is exactly the right course. I mean that's an internal problem to Iraq. It has nothing to do with us. <SEP> Uh-huh. And until he starts doing something so inhumane that the U N gets involved then it's nobody's business. That's right. Um. <SEP> I mean these these types of internal things go on all over the world all the time. All the time. I mean yeah. I mean. Some of them have been going on for for tens of years if if I understand it right in places like the Sudan and. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And it's certainly and it's certainly been going on over there for hundreds of years. Yeah. And it's going to continue. <SEP> That's right. As long as you have so many diverse groups that are that are vying for power it's going to happen all the time. Yeah. That's absolutely right. I mean the Kurds have tried it before. They've gotten their butts kicked. <SEP> Yeah. And this is just another time that it's happening. That's that's absolutely right. You know they'll regroup out in the mountains. And they'll try it again in a couple of years. <SEP> Yeah. It was just you know it was. It's a very opportune moment for them to try. You know you. Sure. And and and I don't have any doubt that through some back channels that we encouraged it. You know. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. But I'm not real sure that we promised them anything. Uh-huh. I. That would have been stupid. <SEP> Yeah. And and I don't think we did it. Everything else we handled in this seemed to be perfectly right. I don't think they would have done that. Yeah. I agree. But it just it it really doesn't make any difference. This is just a a another chapter in Middle Eastern history. <SEP> Yeah. And you know and it there are many of them. There's no doubt about it. Oh sure. I mean the the British occupied the place. The French occupied it. We've done it. It it's happened so many times. This is this is really nothing special. Uh. Uh-huh. Well and and and so many of the so many of the conflicts um really don't have a basis in in uh politics or or human rights or anything like that. It It's it's religious based. That's right. It's al- it's mostly religious anyway. <SEP> And uh you know by by self-proclamation this is a holy war. And it is right. Yeah. And then uh we we go on from there. And. Yeah. Exactly. <SEP> Yeah. It it's it's a mess. It it's. There's no doubt about it. And uh. Well I I I think one of the big problems. I mean looking at it from the Am- the American public's standpoints they don't understand the Middle Easterners. That's right. They don't understand what. I mean their politics really isn't politics. It's religion couched as politics. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And there's a big difference. Absolutely. You know uh we sit there. And and we think that they think the way we think. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that's a big mistake because they don't. You bet. <SEP> You bet. Well yeah. Because there's no uh you know there's there's there's a complete different set of values. Uh-huh. Um there's there's different value placed on human life and uh right down the list you know possessions and and everything else. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And uh what's right is wrong and what's wrong is right in some cases. That's that's it a lot of the time. I I was stationed in in Turkey for for a year and a half. <SEP> Okay. And it it was tough under- understanding those folks. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. You know it they they're they're so completely different culturally and socially and and religiously. Uh-huh. It's just it was very strange. <SEP> I believe it. It was very interesting. Yeah. Yeah. I can I can I can believe that. Yeah. I I don't claim to have an in-depth understanding by any means. But uh. Now I. Shoot I I think some of these people that they claim as Middle Eastern experts don't don't have a clue sometimes. <SEP> That's probably true. That's probably true. You know they they sit there and and read their books and then proclaim themselves an expert. Uh-huh. Well I'm not real sure that's that's appropriate. <SEP> No. No. That's that's uh. A a little bit of background study has never made an expert in any field. No. But uh. Well I sort. That sort of goes to my pet peeve about the education system in this country too. <SEP> Yeah. And we make experts by reading books. That's right. You know and the Japanese and the Germans and everybody else make experts by doing. <SEP> Uh-huh. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. I uh I I guess you work for T I. <SEP> That's right yes. So you guys are well aware of the problems with the Japanese markets and everything else. Right. Right. That's an everyday occurrence. Yeah. It's it's like our car industry. The only reason our car industry hasn't gone down the tubes is because the Japanese you know came into it and helped us out. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I agree. Yeah. It's it's uh there there is there is it's an overall problem in in in this country understanding uh foreign cultures or even accepting them. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh it it it bites us over and over. Again the the the. Yeah. And until we until we start changing our educational system I mean we're we're going to be. We're we've already been overtaken. But it's going to get even worse later. Uh-huh. I mean looks who's looks who's getting the engineering degrees and the the math and the science and everything. <SEP> That's right. It's not us. That's right. You know we we've got folks running around here who get who get degrees in basket weaving and you know underwater psychology or some some ridiculous stuff like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. <SEP> Absolutely. And and where are the engineers coming from? Uh well they're they're coming from various places. And a lot of them are going back there. Yeah. Exactly. <SEP> That's. My uh my roommate is a uh. He's getting his doctorate in industrial. Well it's not industrial engineering. It's human factors. Okay. His degree was in uh industrial engineering. <SEP> I see. Uh and he's from the Philippines. Yeah. And the only reason he came here was because the education is so much better for those who will go after it. <SEP> Right. He has no intention of going back to the Philippines because there's no jobs. Sure. Okay. You know uh but I I see it all too often. I mean we've got loads of foreign students. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they're coming here going after the hard degrees. And then they're going back to Korea and Japan and Hong Kong and everywhere else. Absolutely. And they're applying it there. <SEP> That's right. And I don't know. It's to me it's amazing. I don't know what we're going to do as a country. We're we're going to become dependent on these other folks sooner or later. Yeah. Bec- you know every every. The the country's got a problem with uh with quarterly reports and annual statements and things like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> And the long long-range views are are just kind of become a thing of the past. Yeah. You. And uh. I don't I don't think there can be anymore long range planning. I think it it's it's sticking your finger in the holes in the dike. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know it oh here's a crisis. Well let's plug it up. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what the answer is. It's far beyond me. <SEP> Yeah. That's for sure. That's that's the way things have gotten. Yeah. All we can do is keep plugging. Yeah. You know I I wonder. I I read in the paper just last week I B M's unveiling their new laptop computer. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well at a price tag of six thousand bucks I don't know if they're going to have a whole lot of takers. No. Absolutely. Be-. Now I have the I- I have the I B M P S two. <SEP> Okay. But I'm sorry I got it. Yeah. It's slow. It's uh there are many better machines on the market right now for a. <SEP> Yeah. The only reason I got it is because I got it through an educational purchase plan through the school. Okay. <SEP> Okay. And I saved forty-eight percent. Uh-huh. So I said yeah if I can have an I B M for forty-eight percent discount I'll take it. <SEP> Absolutely. But up to that point I had nev- I had always said I would never have one because I wouldn't pay that kind of money for their name. That's right. But. <SEP> That's absolutely right. Yeah. Now you watch. Just sure as anything the Japanese are going to come out with a laptop at half the price with more stuff on it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. The the. Unfortunately the way the the way the high tech market goes by the time you can get get something in your hands. Uh-huh. Um. It's already outdated. <SEP> It it's it's obsolete. And uh we're we we fight that battle every day here at work. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I can imagine. <SEP> And uh. I uh years ago I remember when I had a T I ninety-nine. Put all the money into the expansion box and all this that and the other. Uh-huh. And uh things just kept changing so much. And I kept getting rid of them. And I finally said well you can't do this. <SEP> That's right. You've got to buy something and stick with it. So I so I just. That's right. At an opportune time I got one that that suited my needs. And I've just stuck with it. The only thing I've done to it is just add a uh add a mouse and a hard drive. <SEP> Okay. Yeah. And that's all I plan to do. Of course I'm limited on memory now because I've got the low line. I got the model twenty-five. Oh okay. So I'm stuck with six forty. But I'm not a power user. So it doesn't matter. <SEP> Yeah. Well that that's that's the key you know what- whatever works for you. Yeah. And uh if it does the job then that's that's what you need. Yeah. Now my roomie on the other hand he is a power user. <SEP> He's he's looking now to get rid of his. He's got a three eighty-six and wants to get a four eighty-six. You know this kind of stuff. Uh-huh.
sw2877.txt:Do you have any pets now? Oh I sure do. I have a cat and a dog named Joey. Joey. Th- the dog is Joey? <SEP> Uh-huh. The cat is. He's the little boy Pomeranian. Oh my goodness. <SEP> And we just got a new addition to the family so to speak. We also have a fish. Oh my. It's a mud dog. I beg your pardon. <SEP> It's a mud dog. It's uh a cross between a catfish and uh I don't know what a salamander. Oh. Well did you all catch it. Or uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. We have a cat Stripper. Uh-huh. Oh the mud dog. No. Did. No. Did you catch the fish? <SEP> Uh we had a friend give it to us. Uh-huh. And it's all alone in that aquarium. Yeah. We'd like to get him a friend. But um uh we haven't found one yet. So how about you. Do you have any pets? Well at the present time I have two dogs. <SEP> Oh really. What kind? An English setter you know. That's the white dog with the feathers. And it has uh yellow spots on it which they call I think uh liver spots. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that's a male. And I have a wonderful female lab black lab. Uh-huh. How long have you had them. Quite a long time uh probably five or six years. And unfortunately the black lab that's a female it tha- it's it's the most wonderful animal we've ever had. An i-. When she was about three years old we noticed that she was having pro- uh problems limping and so forth. And she has hip dysplasia. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh no. And it's in that breed. <SEP> Uh-huh. But now I think there are tests that can be conducted uh to tell whether or not the puppies have the have it. Uh-huh. But I think. I don't know. Apparently they've been so in well I don't know inbred or what. But. <SEP> Oh is that right? Well n-. I'm not sure that's the situation. But it um. For those dogs that are registered. And if if you should have one uh that also has hip dysplasia you can not breed it uh. Huh. I had no idea. I hadn't didn't even know that. Uh-huh. But she's wonderful. <SEP> Um our dog Joey has uh a back problem. Um like ha-. What are the what are the symptoms? Uh he he's got a bad back. But he's seven uh. I guess he's abo- almost eight years old. <SEP> Um he just uh. He doesn't. He uh yo- he rolls o-. He doesn't like to roll over. Uh-huh. Um e-. You just. When you touch him a certain way on the back. Yes. <SEP> But otherwise he can jump uh you know just as long as he doesn't bend a certain way. Um. Well uh I have had just wonderful luck with this lab uh. When i-. Uh let's see winter before last we would bring her in and uh when it was cold. Uh-huh. And she wouldn't. I you know. The next morning you want to take them out. And she wouldn't. I couldn't get her up without p- picking her up and which it was pretty hard to do at eighty pounds. <SEP> I bet. Um until. If I allowed her to not get up on her own it'd be two o'clock in the afternoon. Uh-huh. Anyway I uh met my son's uh college roommate is a vet. And he said um let's give her some race horse shots. And you know in. I'm I'm kind of glad to be able to tell people about this but you because you all the time you know run into people with problems. <SEP> Oh yeah. Anyway that's when we lived in Oklahoma. And uh so he gave this dog a series of. It's. They give it to race horses uh to get rid of uh cartilage. Uh-huh. And it's called. Anyway it's a series of six shots once a week. And then I noticed after two shots she was. <SEP> Do you have to give those? Well I could have. But I can't give a shot. Oh I. Believe me I understand. I took her from Enid Oklahoma to Oklahoma City every week for six weeks. <SEP> Uh. And uh after the the second shot she was significantly better. Then I didn't notice any improvement till the after the sixth one. Uh-huh. And ever since. And he said uh a booster uh every year or two I mean maybe every six months or or something like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And when I notice in the winter when it's worse you know it's cold weather and so forth then I have uh gotten a booster for her. But not many people in this part of the country know anything about. Um. I've had to get it from Oklahoma. They've heard about it. But they've really never used it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I've never heard anything about it either. So dogs that get down in the hips. Like I think German Shepherds do it and probably large dogs. Uh-huh. And uh it's just wonderful. <SEP> Does he get. Is he an inside dog also. Uh. Or does he just run out in the backyard? Is he fenced in? Um um well we're living now in an area where we we we're in the woods. And we take walks. I just don't let them uh uh go away from me. <SEP> Oh yeah. Uh-huh. But we take walks through the woods twice a day. Oh that's nice. And uh I can over do it on her. <SEP> Oh yeah. But anyway at least she can go. And she's not limping along and all that. Uh-huh. Tell me about your cat. <SEP> Oh Stripper well he started out being a little orphan. And we we took him in. And uh he's about two years old now. And he loves his treats. Uh both uh Joey and uh Stripper get treats. And uh let's see. And is um Stripper an inside cat or outside? Oh well he's outside. And uh he's got a way to get in. Uh-huh. <SEP> He's got free access of a window we like to keep open. Yes. So he gets to go in and out whenever he wants to. Well of course. <SEP> That's nice. They they. Joey on the other hand is a little different. He has to go out whenever uh we ask him. And when he when we ask him he uh he barks. He'll either bark for food or he'll bark to go out. And he'll tell you which one he wants. He's been through obedience school. Well he just can. Well he has been trained. And you've ke- you've kept u- it up haven't you. <SEP> Oh definitely. Yeah. It is wonderful. I I have some neighbors across the field. And um they. When we first moved here uh when the dogs and I didn't fe-. We have a very nice kennel and everything. But but since I I didn't want to. I wa- I just wanted to let them be able to be free for a while. Uh-huh. So I kept watch and never let them get away. But now every couple weeks they wou- one would slip away. And my neighbor said to me oh I noticed those dogs dogs are so well trained. Anytime they hear your voice they come. So that made me very proud. <SEP> Oh yeah. Well have we been talking five minutes? I'm not for sure. I'm not either. But. <SEP> I think maybe we have. But. Yeah. Well um so it sounds like you keep your pets for pleasure. Oh definitely. Have you ever done this before? Yes. <SEP> Oh okay um. I haven't ever called. I've put in the paper work I just never made the call. Oh really. Uh-huh. Yeah. So I didn't know if they stop you when the time is up. Or. No. They don't. No. I I glanced at the clock when um we started. And I think it's been probably about five and a half minutes or something. But one day I was talking to a lady about gardening. And I'm I love gardening. And she did too. An and after after about twelve minutes or something the recording came on and said that was the end of the tape. <SEP> Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh well at least you know you did your part. Uh-huh. But it's been so much fun too uh talk. How did you get into this. Well my best friend in Virginia's daughter is a part of this project in Texas. <SEP> Oh I see. And so she knew that I had the time and would be would enjoy it. Uh-huh. That's true. Um so. <SEP> I mean I. But I have a hard time getting anybody because I guess. Do you work. Um yes. I do. Yeah. And probably just got home. <SEP> Uh-huh. So um during the day I me-. I thi-. And I understand also they want men. Right. I was going to tell you the same thing. They're really looking for a lot more men to participate. Yeah. My husband does. <SEP> Does he. Yeah. I need to. Yes. I've got some applications. I need to hand them out. But uh this is a great project that they're working on. And it's really going to lead the way uh for a lot of econ- um applications and and development in the voice area. Yes. Wh- I think so too. And I haven't helped them out on the me- on men particularly. But my husband had been ma- in fact he's been probably has made a few more calls than I have because I tend to not make them around dinner time. <SEP> Uh-huh. I try to you know make them do during the day. But nobody's home. Well this is the perfect time for me. Well good. <SEP> Well maybe I'll get you next time. Yeah. It so fo- much fun to talk to you. All right. Have a good one. You too. Bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw2724.txt:Uh so what do you do to exercise? Uh s-. I uh weight train uh three days on and one day off. Uh-huh. <SEP> I uh ride bicycles uh fifteen twenty miles I don't know maybe three times maybe four times a week. I play basketball uh couple times a week. I play softball one night a week. Uh that's what I do. Um. What about yourself? That's pretty impressive. Uh I guess I bicycle. Uh the amount varies. As much as a hundred and fifty miles a week. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh I guess a play softball one night a week. And I backpack a lot over the summer. Oh really? Yeah. That's that's about the extent of it. I mean I don't do any of those things particularly you know for exercise. But uh I guess the bicycling is the one thing I'll sort of like do if I feel like I need to go exercise. Uh but I do it mostly for fun. <SEP> Yeah. Uh what do you ride uh like a bunch of hills or pretty flat? It it it varies. Uh out near my house is pretty hilly. Uh but sometimes I bike to work which is about uh a fifteen mile trip each way. And that's mostly flat. How long does that take you to get to work? Uh about forty-five fifty minutes. <SEP> How d- how does that work work out with uh storing your bike and showering and all that? Yeah. It can be a pain. Uh basically uh I work on a campus. So I can store my bike in my office and walk across the uh campus to the uh gym use the shower there. Uh-huh. Uh but it's it's enough of a pain that I did it consistently one year. I would commute every day uh. But it just became such a pain. I mean we're talking you know forty-five fifty minutes for biking uh and sometimes longer if you had adverse wind. And then another half an hour you know to cool down and take a shower and all this kind of stuff. <SEP> Right. It was a big hunk hunk of the day. Uh and then of course another hour to get back home. Uh so I've been doing that less and and concentrating more on you know light biking when I get home on the evening and then you know some more on the weekends. Yeah. Do you ride a lot of rallies or a lot of those around there? Not so much. Uh I guess mostly I bike on my own. I've got a touring bike. Uh though I haven't gone on any extended trips with it. <SEP> Uh-huh. How about you. What kind of biking do you do? Uh well actually my wife just got me into it. And I did an did an internship at the Institute for Aerobics Research in Dallas the Cooper Clinic. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I learned all the health benefits of you know. I was a solid weight trainer. Uh-huh. And all I did was weights and aerobic exercise. And then my wife got me into the aerobic exercise and said you really need to do it. So once I got into this uh internship I learned all the physiological ad- advan- advantages to it. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I began a program couple I don't know probably three or four weeks ago. And I did my first bike rally this Saturday. I did uh forty forty miles. Um. And uh that's the longest I've ever ridden so far. I usually you know fifteen or twenty. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it was it was kind of hilly. And it was pretty tough. But uh I'm looking at uh doing a lot more of it because you know my wife is really into it. Oh I see. And I I kind of held her back a little bit this this weekend. She wanted to go go go. But you know she wanted to stay with me. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's good to have a partner. Yeah. It really is. Are you think of doing any like centuries or. <SEP> Yeah. That would be cool sometime if I could you know work up to that. Uh-huh. Yeah. I just wondered if you were going to do that mostly or more like you know uh uh touring like from Vermont or you know that kind of thing. Oh. I mean people seem to get into different aspects. One is more of a distance. And one's more just you know. They want to put some equipment on their bike and go for a tour. <SEP> I've never really looked into that. That you know that's. My wife would just love that. Uh-huh. And I may do that sometime. There again I'm just kind of a fledgling into this. Uh-huh. <SEP> I've it's kind of funny. I called this number. And I was just reading through a bicycle magazine and going through all the different tours coming up. Yeah. Yeah. I mean around Texas you you got about five or six. If you live around the Dallas area you got five or six every weekend to choose from. Because they're really into it. Oh that's nice. <SEP> Um. Bicycling is really big here. I didn't know that and you know until I came down here and kind of caught the fever. Wow. <SEP> Yeah. Because I lived in Indiana all my life. And you know you may say see one or two guys on a bicycle that or above the age of fifteen or something. Uh-huh. <SEP> But other than that it's nothing up there like it is down here. Yeah. I'm not sure why that is. I mean generally in the Midwest it seems to be less much less. I mean maybe it's because of the winters. Uh or maybe just because you know there's there's a lot more flat lands you know out in the West. Probably. <SEP> Yeah. So it makes biking a better alternative for transportation. Yeah. It there's a lot of bikers around here. It's it's really neat. Uh-huh. <SEP> There are a lot of a lot of resources a lot of magazines and stuff. Little TEXAS BICYCLIST is like a little newspaper that comes out every month. Um. It's free. Just go to the bike shock bi- bike shop and pick it up. And it's got all the rides coming up. So I guess I'm going to be busy about every Saturday this summer going to a different ride. Oh that's terrific. <SEP> Yeah. See a little bit of Texas I've never seen before. Uh-huh. So uh how long have you been biking? Oh I guess as an adult for just about the past uh three years or so. Uh you know I guess last time I did it before that was college which was about ten years ago. <SEP> Yeah. And uh yeah. I guess I just never really thought about it much for a while uh until I suddenly discovered all my friends were basically biking a lot. And so I thought I'd try it too. Have you ever had a uh it's kind of slightly off the subject but you ever had a uh a blood workup done recently or since you've been biking to see if it. No. I haven't. No. <SEP> Because it really from what I understand it really improves your uh cholesterol. Um. And you know it uh it kind of knocks down two of the big risk categories for coronary artery disease which is uh uh low cardiovascular fitness and also uh you know the cholesterol. Uh-huh. <SEP> It gives you increased H D Ls and decreases your L D Ls. Oh that's great. Yeah. So. Yeah. I've I've definitely noticed it's had a good effect on my pulse rate my resting pulse. <SEP> Yeah. You know it gets it down to about forty. Really? Yeah. <SEP> That's good. Yeah. You say you ride about a hundred hundred fifty miles a week? Yeah. <SEP> Man. That's that's hard-core. On average. Yeah. When do you get to begin with the winters and all that? What time of the year do you usually embark on your. Do you ride inside if you can't ride outside? No. I'm not that hard-core. I mean there are some people. In fact a lot of people will ride outside in the snow. They've got a uh mountain bike you know with the big knobby tires. <SEP> Yeah. And I don't do that. I basically I I pretty much lay off for the winter. Uh I was thinking of getting rollers for the last winter you know because it will help your balance when you're indoor training. <SEP> Um. Uh but I just you know more or less stocked like an exercise bike and that kind of thing. Uh. But yeah. I mean winters are kind of a problem. So I'm more or less out of shape now that I've been biking I guess this year for just a couple of weeks. Uh-huh. Uh but you know up here it's only stopped snowing since then. <SEP> Yeah. Uh but yeah. It's it's it's it's pretty good. It's uh. The main the main thing I guess for me is just to enjoy it because once it starts seeming like you know exercise and a chore I'll lay off it more. Right. So you uh change up your routes a lot and keep a. Oh yeah. Yeah. I try to go someplace pretty different you know every week. I rotate around uh about four different routes uh from my house. Or I'll sometimes come in the school. It's nice coming. It's it's nice riding to school because it's all along a canal path uh. Because it's just it's along the Erie Canal up here. <SEP> So what school is it? Uh University of Rochester. Oh okay. Yeah. So it's fairly picturesque. <SEP> Yeah. And uh so it's it's it's a good ride. As long as you're not doing it every day it's a good ride. Yeah. That's true. Sounds neat. Yeah. <SEP> It's kind of. I was wondering if I was going to talk with someone that never has exercised before and doesn't want to and everything else. But got a guy that rides a hundred and fifty miles a week. That's uh motivating. Yeah. That's really good. Well good talking to you. Oh it was good talking to you. <SEP> And keep up the good work. Okay. You too. All right. Take care. Bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw2627.txt:Okay. So do you do a lot of cooking in your family? Um I do some every now and then. I I work. And my wife's home during the day. So she usually ends up doing most of it. <SEP> Oh yeah. When I was single we used to always cook around the house. Yeah. Do do you like to cook. Huh yeah. I really like it. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Um there's a few dishes. Like I I grew up with the um you know having Polish and Ukrainian food. Oh really. And my wife she likes Italian and stuff. <SEP> Oh. So we we definitely have different tastes. So. Yeah. Yeah. But that's neat though because you get to have different stuff. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I'm not I'm a pretty bad cook. I'm pretty bad. My husband is really good. He put himself through college working in restaurants. Oh wow. And uh he's much better cook than I am. So when I was home I still cooked a lot. And I was in to a lot of vegetarian stuff. And now I went back to work about a year and a half ago. So one of the things that he took over was the cooking. And the kids are thrilled. They're really happy that I don't cook anymore. Uh they're like uh preferring it now right. <SEP> Yeah. They say oh dad let dad cook mom. Let him do it. But um so so do you all do you have kids? You obviously have one. Yeah. Two. Uh-huh. Okay. You have two. Yeah. One is uh nine months. And the other is two and a half. <SEP> Two and half oh. Yeah. That's the hard part is cooking with uh kids around because uh becau-. I was just going to say makes a difference in what you eat doesn't it. Or are you not at that stage yet? Yeah. It does. <SEP> Yeah. We try our hardest to get them to eat what we w- eat you know. Right. And my sister uh she's the master of the fast order grill you know. <SEP> Oh yeah. She can make uh she makes six different meals. But. Oh my gosh. Like to have one thing you know. One likes chicken nuggets the other one like hot dogs. <SEP> Oh my gosh. I couldn't. And then she makes noodles with uh with s- soy sauce or whatever. Yeah. So all things. <SEP> Boy I couldn't do that. I. But um yeah. Our favorite. Let me think. I was thinking of the one recipe that uh that we made. I guess the thing that always turned out the best for us was something we thought looked really fancy but was real easy. And that was um uh scallops uh scallop um. What's that. <SEP> Oh really. It has a French name. It basically means that it has a Swiss cheese cream sauce with it. And you pour it over rice. Oh yeah. What's what is that Saint Jack or something. Yeah uh. <SEP> Scallops Saint something. Or yeah. Yeah. I can't even remember what the recipe's name is anymore. Yeah. Yeah. But uh i- it was basically just ground up Swiss cheese and then uh standard cream sauce base and then uh the scallops. <SEP> Really. With scallops. An and it sounds sort of funny. But it tastes really good. No. No. I'm from New England. So we we had um a lot of seafood before we moved down here. <SEP> And uh that sounds delicious to me. Yeah. That sounds great. Yeah. But uh. <SEP> I think we're just thinking of having a uh dinner party. We went to this dinner party the other night that was kind of like a game. They had uh a murder mystery. Uh-huh. And you came dressed as one of the characters. And you had to solve the mystery during the dinner. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it was really fun. And so we we were thinking we wanted to do you know we were going to try doing it ourselves. But we're trying to decide what can we serve because at this one the hostess was pretty busy running around trying to get stuff ready for the table. And that kind of interrupted the game. So so I was thinking there's this Beef Bourguignonne recipe that I've tried before that's pretty good. Right. Yeah. And then you can make that ahead. And you can just leave it in the pot on a stove until you're ready. Uh-huh. <SEP> So that's uh. Yeah. That's another thing. I have a problem with my wife. Yeah. She uh she likes to um she doesn't like the beef dishes. She likes the chicken and fish. <SEP> Uh yeah. And like I said we always ate beef and uh pork you know a lot. Oh yeah. So. <SEP> I know. My husband did too. His parents are Austrian. And they uh always made sure they had a lot of meat at the table. Oh yeah. Red meat plenty of good red meat. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My dad could eat a a meal with out any vegetables at all. <SEP> Oh my gosh. And uh Susan's you know they had you know meatless meals you know. Yeah. Yeah. My dad wouldn't know what to do. <SEP> Oh gosh. So do you. Course she grew up Catholic. So you know they they sort of come with the. Oh they did the. There's a certain amount of meatless meals you have to have. <SEP> That you do. Right. Right. That's just part of it. Uh-huh. Yeah. We didn't my family didn't. But when I got into the vegetarian cooking we got kind of used to that. But my husband always did it kind of grudgingly. He never. Uh-huh. <SEP> There was dishes that he really enjoyed eating. Uh-huh. Ther- there were several things that he liked. But it never was really something that he would have chosen. It's just that I cooked. So he had to put up with it. Right. <SEP> So but there was one thing that he couldn't stand. And that was soybeans. I tried it like once or twice. And he just could not eat it. So I never. I had. I was limited. I had to make vegetarian meals without using soy beans. But. Yeah. It's hard to get a protein content up then. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. I like I like them every now and then for a change. Ye- it's nice. <SEP> Yeah. Some of the stuff is good. But it just it was a tremendous amount of cooking. Because you do have to make sure you have the right combinations of different proteins to make sure they're complete. Uh-huh. And we had little kids at the time you know. When I was home with them and it it was just so much cooking. I couldn't I don't like to cook. <SEP> And I'm not really that great at it. So it just turned out to be too much of a too much too much cooking. So well I guess I'll let you get back to feeding your little one there. No uh. He's all done. He's set. Oh okay. Yeah. Yeah. I set him down. <SEP> Okay. Do you like to bake at all. Or do you do you get into that's that. Yeah. We used to do that um. My mom used to go crazy every Sunday until my dad like blew up you know. Yeah. Af- after he gained about eighty pounds after coming back from the Navy she stopped doing it. <SEP> But um she used to have you know two dozen sticky buns three bread rolls you know every week. Really. No kidding. And um the sticky buns of course would last you know three or four days. And that would be it. <SEP> Yeah. Then be gone. I know. That's the thing about baking. I used to I I don't mind baking at all. And I I can do a pretty good pie. We have this pie crust recipe in our family that my grandmother gave my mother. And my mother taught me how to make it. Uh-huh. And um so I can make a pretty mean pie. But um I don't do it anymore because it's just too fattening. We had the same kind of problem. If you make homemade bread. Uh-huh. <SEP> I mean forge- it's supposed to save you money. But you eat like three times the amount of bread that you usually eat. It tastes so good. Uh-huh. We always we had that bread that was uh um. You ever seen the the starter bread. I can't remember what it's called. They call it the um Amish bread here. But. Oh uh yeah. Uh it's made with. You just le- leave it out. <SEP> Yeah. You know and you let it spoil sort of. Yeah. Uh-huh. I've heard of that I've heard of it. But I've never done it. You know yeah. <SEP> That sounds pretty good. Yeah. It tasted pretty good really. Yeah. Oh yeah. But uh it's the sort of thing where you let a portion of it go bad. And then you add all these other ingredients to it. But. <SEP> Yeah. And then you sa- you make the bread. But you pinch off a portion or save a portion of it for the next time or something. Yeah. Right. Ye- you take some of the batter out and give it to someone else. And that's how they continue the thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know it sounds it always sounded. I don't know how safe that was. Yeah. I know it sounded strange to me too. I figure well you're baking it. So you know yeah. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. That's that's got to kill anything I guess. But. Okay. Well I'll talk to you later. All right. Well yeah. Thanks. Where are you calling from by the way Texas. <SEP> Plano. Where? Yeah. Plano in Texas. Plano. Okay. <SEP> Are you in Texas? No. Falls Church Virginia. No kidding. Gosh it sounds so close. Yeah. I know we've got a good connection. Must be a uh T I connection. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I thought for sure I thought for sure you were in Dallas or something. Yeah. I I talked to so many people from Texas. That's where practically everybody I talked to is from. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's why they call me because they want to get people outside the state you know. <SEP> Yes. They're doi- they're trying to get all different amount of people. Well gee my husband is from Richmond. And I went to U V A. That's where we went. Oh oh really. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I went to school at uh well I went to school at West Virginia University. <SEP> Oh you did. Yeah. But I grew up right here in Falls Church right outside D C. Yeah. Boy we'd like to get back over to the East Coast. I'll tell you. <SEP> It's nice over there. Yeah. It's sort of funny. I have people that want to go to Dallas. Oh really. Yeah. One of my one of my friends here he was just talking how he's thinking of leaving the company and going to Dallas. Saying how. <SEP> Oh yeah. No kidding. Well things are doing pretty good down here. We we were we tried to move over to Raleigh last year. And there just was there was so little such little going on in Raleigh you know. You couldn't get a job to save yourself over there. So we decided we'll try in a couple of years. But but business is. Yeah. Yeah. We were saying we could sell our house here and buy one down there cash you know. Yeah. You probably could you probably could. Well Northern Virginia. Okay. <SEP> Okay. Well it's good talking to you. Nice talking to you too. Take care. Bye bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw2024.txt:Okay. Wonderful touch tone telephone there. Uh what kind of books do you enjoy reading? <SEP> Uh haven't have I have a wide variety of of hobbies. Therefore my my reading pleasures are quite wide. Um I get a charge out of uh TEXAS HIGHWAY which is uh very colorful and uh not being a native of Texas but being here eleven years have a tendency to uh find out the uh about the different areas of the co- of the of the state by reading it. Oh. Right. I've read that one too. I only had a subscription once. But my mother always gave me hers. And I I really enjoyed you know all the little things that you find out about Texas. <SEP> Oh yeah. It's it's uh absolutely it's great the way that it's broken out and you can uh set up little trips and day trips and things. It's pretty pretty neat. Um oh I like photography um magazines. I don't take a subscription or anything like that. Um things oh. Being an engineer in facilities I do read a lot of a lot of uh building magazines and and and plant engineering magazines and read up on different ways to do things and energy management type of magazines. And and uh kind of strange because I it's not unusual to uh see uh an engineering manual or something laying around the house. Uh-huh. And then I'll sit up and read just to refresh uh you know to keep active on it. But uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> How about yourself? Well um I have an interest in art. So I frequently purchase and read uh books mainly on water color because that's my big interest at the moment. Oh that's great. And uh oh I guess I like a variety of things uh lots of fiction uh type books. Uh right now I'm occasionally reading on a book about uh the Mardi Gras in New Orleans and its history. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's fairly interesting. I bet that would be rather interesting. Uh that's uh self improvement. That's that's alwa- well that's kind of a hobby. But it is self improvement from the standpoint of probably relaxing uh. Yeah. I don't know that I read anything strictly labeled self improvement. How about you? <SEP> Um well I hate to. Yes. I do. We uh we have these classes we attend uh management classes. And and they give you books. And and the last book uh matter of fact I read was AT AMERICA'S SERVICE by Carl Albrecht. It talks about uh who the customer is and being customer oriented uh which falls in line with the T I culture here at Texas Instruments. Yeah. <SEP> Uh one of its great slogans is if you're not serving the customer you better be serving someone who is. Uh-huh. Uh so that's all in self improvement to stay focused on who the customer is. And as you probably well know all of us are our own customer. You're my customer I'm your customer sort of thing. Right. <SEP> Um every now and then I'm loaned a tape I can stick in the uh in the car cassette set on the way home to make the drive more enjoyable talking about uh better outlooks on things and the philosophy of of Pat Hagerty and these kind of uh mind stimulating philosophy type. Which all you know betters yourself. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well uh maybe I am into some things occasionally that I don't think of in terms of self improvement. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean they are. But I don't label it as such. Like what for example. Well I don't know um. I uh have attended some seminars that had some tapes that went with them but uh I guess not so much books although they sometimes have manuals and things. But uh they would be things on like how to be successful and sort of talking to yourself. You know ge- getting your yourself in gear to uh sort of pull yourself up by your boot straps and do what you really want to do. Convincing you that you need to get on with it. <SEP> Sure. Sure. How about items like um THE ONE MINUTE MANAGER which used to be a big. Okay. Yes. <SEP> So those are self improvements. Sure. Um our supervisor uh subtly bought all of us a book called WHAT EVERY SUPERVISOR SHOULD KNOW. By a man man named Doctor Bittel B I T T E L. Um. <SEP> And it's a very layman's uh uh approach towards managing different types of people. And the very last chapter and I haven't figured out why that one was last is how to manage engineers. So it's it's ver- it's interesting. Here again it's it's casual reading. And it's not eaten up with a lot of uh mechanical stuff. And it's really excellent fast reading. And uh but as you say it's it's sometimes it's difficult to to know if it's you know. I think if somebody would say hey read these ten books because these are self-improvements I would probably be turned off to them. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> If he casually just walked into it and uh put down a Stephen King book and I picked up one of them I might be a little more interested. I don't know. I'm not sure I could take too much of Stephen King. That's a little little heavy for me. Yeah. They're uh quite uh they're hard to set down because it's so interesting. And of course they're all just a little spookier than the movies. But uh it's always they're always challenging to get through one of them. Yeah. <SEP> I have a hard time finishing books. Well I guess I also have been reading uh a lot of things on uh quality improvement and that type of thing because that's what I'm involved in a lot at work. Uh-huh. In quality especially now days uh that's almost everything that comes across the the the airways. Oh yeah. You could almost label everything quality in some sense or other. But uh I think sometimes the word is a little over used. <SEP> Exactly exactly right. But. Yeah we we have I think we we name drop it a little too much and and don't fully understand what what it is we're saying. I think it's just focusing in on the issue and walking your talk. And and all that kind of rolls in together there. Yeah. <SEP> But uh that's just kind of part of it. Okay. Well any other comments. Uh not that I can think of. Um I think I'm under my quota a little bit. I need to probably make a phone call or two. Well we just started. Right. <SEP> Uh this is true. I've enjoyed it. Well you too. And uh good-bye. Have a good day. Good-bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.
sw3473.txt:Okay. Go ahead. Well I I uh we're going to compare notes. Uh. Yeah. <SEP> I uh I often desire to exercise often believe I should and rarely do. Don't do it. Well I tell you I I firmly believe in exercising. I think it's a. I do it every day on a regular basis. I. <SEP> What what what sort of of regiment do you have? Well I just got back from biking twelve and a half miles. But this time of year you can't get much biking in. Uh. But every morning I use this President's uh council of physical fitness. And it really is uh uh it's worth doing. And you can do it anywhere. I I travel quite a bit in my in my business. Yes. And you can do it you know wherever you're at. And if you do it. I I do it every morning after uh usually after breakfast before I take a shower and get you know dressed going you know to go to work. <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. And uh now what I do. I mean I've done this for you know like fifteen years. So you don't start at this kind of regiment you know. <SEP> Yes. I. So what I'm telling you isn't something you go out and do. And and you'll hurt yourself. Uh. Every every uh. It takes me about fifteen minutes to do this now because I do it all the time. But I uh I do twenty-five uh uh where you have your arms above your head and and your body twisters touch right you know left and right toe. Uh-huh. And I do uh ten uh right and left uh trunk twisters. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I do uh about sixty uh bicycle type uh leg thrust type things. Uh-huh. And I do uh twenty uh leg lifters on each side. You know when you're p- laying on the floor. <SEP> Yes. Yes. <SEP> Right. And then I do fifty push-ups and do a hundred sit ups. And uh then I do about uh. My goodness. You do all of this in fifteen minutes? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And then uh thirty uh. Now if you did football like the old grass drills where you're on your stomach and you. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know prone type things where you're kind of rocking on your stomach type thing. And that takes about really about maybe about thirteen minutes uh in the morning. Yeah. <SEP> Now what what keeps you doing that. I mean I I sometimes start little much less much more modest efforts. But I give up. I just find them boring. Hard to find the time for it on a given day. Well uh. And. Years ago I used to uh referee football. <SEP> Yes. And uh to stay in condition I did that uh just as a normal basis. Yes. And uh uh I tell you just by doing it uh. Well example this summer I I was about fifteen pounds heavier than I wanted to be. So I I increased. I do three hundred sit ups a day now but not at that in the morning. I do a hundred then. And then I do about a hundred before supper and about a hundred before I go to bed. <SEP> Uh-huh. I lost fifteen pounds just by doing that because you tighten your stomach muscles. Yes. And you know you can eat anything you want drink anything you want. But you don't you know. Within reason you know you can lose weight or maintain your weight and your physical being. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yep. And uh I just you know. You're ready to go at a. I I I think it's really important. <SEP> Well I I whenever I do it I feel good. I mean good that I have done good because it's it seems right and good because it has good effects. Good. <SEP> But but it's this maintaining a a regular habit that I just can't seem to do. Well that's why Chuck I think uh if you did it on a daily basis and you didn't need elaborate things you know where you can make excuses like. <SEP> Yeah. Well I I like biking. And during the summer I'll do you know at least seventy-five miles a week and when I really was doing it maybe a hundred and fifty. Uh-huh. But you can't you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. There's excuses weather. Yep. Or you don't have time or something like that. But if you do some basic exercises and you say every morning just like brushing your teeth you're going to spend fifteen minutes or a half hour. And you get up a half hour earlier. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And once you start getting into that one you just feel good. <SEP> Yes. And you look a whole lot better. Yes. Do you do you does your wife participate in any of this. Or. Unfortunately not. And there's no way I can get her to. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's a like it's something you either just really want to do it. Or you can't talk anyone into it. If you don't like to exercise you know it isn't going to happen. Yes. Yes. I I sure wish she would. She's you know unfortunately overweight. And but she's a wonderful woman. And you know no sense getting in arguments with anybody about it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Well I I uh I keep saying if somebody else would do it with me I that would be little bit of peer pressure would help considerably. Well. <SEP> But you seemed to have s- solved that problem without any any external help. No problem at all. And uh if you get one of these mats. You know go to a store they normally have these exercise things these A B C -s of physical fitness on them. <SEP> Yeah. One of my kids got me one of those for Christmas one year. And uh. What what what what's on what's this mat I mean. It it it's just an exercise mat that rolls up. So you can put it up you know just in the corner. <SEP> Is it like the sort of thing you take on a camping trip and sleep on it. Well yeah. You can do that. I mean it's that it's that kind of like half inch of foam or something. But but it doesn't. <SEP> Yeah. It's a foam thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's it's just about six feet long rolls up. <SEP> Yeah. And I don't take it on trips with me. I you could. But uh I don't mind uh you know. If I do like sit ups I'll throw a a towel down or something. You know. Yeah. So you don't have the abrasive.
sw3300.txt:All right. So we started recording already? Uh I guess. I don't know. It's the first time I've made a phone call on it. Oh so you pressed one? <SEP> Right. Okay. So I guess we're supposed to start talking. Uh what kind of books do you read? I read uh a lot of Steven King Dean R Koontz uh some Danielle Steel. Uh-huh. <SEP> My aunt got me hooked on those. Uh-huh. So I. So it's mostly all novels? <SEP> Yeah. They're all novels. Okay. I'll read some uh classic too. Oh like what? <SEP> Uh like THE GRADUATE by Steinbeck. I'll uh. Yeah. I like that. I like Steinbeck a lot. A A ROSE FAMILY by Faulkner. That's one of my favorites. I have never read a lot of Faulkner. <SEP> Oh and this this is more of a play or something that that it was from that that I saw. And I read the book from that. Oh cool. And by the way my name's Bill. I'm from North Carolina. I'm Doug. I'm from Pennsylvania. <SEP> Uh I. Let's see. What kind of books do you like to read? Uh well a bunch of stuff I guess uh fair number of novels but mostly shorter ones. And like I don't really like the you know six hundred page long Stephen King novels and all that. I really have to be in the mood. Right? <SEP> I I read one like maybe once a year. Uh-huh. I'm not as. No. Like I like say uh Richard Broudigan a lot. Uh. <SEP> I've never read anything by him. Okay. He's uh he's dead now. But he was really a pretty amazing writer. He wrote books that were like pretty short and pretty easy to read you know like written at a third grade level or whatever. Yeah. But they were still very heavy and philosophical also very funny. Like He wrote TROUT FISHING IN AMERICA. <SEP> Okay. So that's anyway. And uh I read a lot of non fiction books too. Uh let's see. I like to read a lot of non fiction history when Civil War era and and that kind of thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I found that real interesting. I'm reading THE LION AND THE WIND right now. And that was on T V. Now what's that? <SEP> It was uh during Teddy Roosevelt's time. And uh about a American woman that got kidnapped in uh Morocco. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Uh this is when they were having their revolution or whatever. Uh-huh. And Teddy Roosevelt sent troops over and really portrays him as a kind of a crazy man you know. Yeah. <SEP> Surprised me. I had no idea that he was like that. Uh-huh. What how crazy? Well just like s- some one quote that he had was that he thought the America's emblem was stupid because it was an eagle. <SEP> And it should be a grizzly bear because. Oh sh-. You you know like the t- t- grizzly and stuff like that. So it's. I saw the movie. And that's what made me want to read the book. Uh-huh. <SEP> Candice Bergen was in the movie. I'm a real big fan of hers. So. Yeah. Cool. See I also read a lot of books about music because I'm interested in that and fair number of stuff about science and also philosophy things. Uh-huh. I like I like to read some of the philosophy stuff. Like. <SEP> Uh-huh. Like let's see. And even like reading some new age things things that I don't quite believe in. Like here on my shelf I have a book called JOURNEYS OUT OF THE BODY. Yeah. I think that. It's all about how to have out of body experiences and all that. <SEP> I'm fascinated by that. Yeah. I'm fascinated by that. Uh-huh. Yep. <SEP> That. And and uh even stuff about not like ghost stories but real encounters with ghosts and supposedly haunted houses. Uh-huh. I like. I'm kind of a doubting Thomas. And I like to read stuff like that. Some of it really freaks me out. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. Definitely. Uh. And I like to read uh I like to read some self help books like uh. I read DIANETICS once once I got past all the gibberish on it. Uh did you like it? <SEP> It was okay. It it it it took me a while to really get into it. It it didn't help me that much. Uh-huh. I see. But uh I think once you're set in your ways you're set in your ways. Yeah. <SEP> Uh then I. One in- real interesting book I read recently was when I was looking for a job. I read HOW TO GET THE JOB THAT YOU WANTED. And it it had real good tips. And it. And I got the job that I wanted by applying the the methods that that. Uh-huh.
sw3917.txt:Okay. Uh do you want to go ahead. Or. Oh sure. Uh well. I uh went to school at Madison for two years. And they are really big on women's rights. And and equal treatment. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so I I've seen a lot of like rallies and things like that. But uh I'm not that liberated. I mean my mom is kind of old-fashioned you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I you know you pick up some traits from her and stuff. But uh I think it's I think it's interesting and better for women to see that there's more more of them doing men's fields. I like to see that. And I don't like to see women you know like waiting on men hand and foot. Right. But you know I I believe in like sharing and doing things for each other. I do too. I like the idea. I see a lot more uh. My children I have five children. And they're all married. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh I love seeing the men help the women so much. Right. And they both cooperate together on. I think it's great. <SEP> Oh me too. I hope that happens to me someday. I mean I I don't mind doing stuff. Uh I have a boyfriend. And I got to make him dinner and stuff. But you know I he'll help me do the dishes. I don't want to you know expect to help to clean up then after. Right. <SEP> Yeah. That's right. That's right. Yeah. So. I've always taught my men that. They better clean up with their women and help them. If they did that you know. <SEP> Right. And they're they're good about it. But it is neat to see them all work together. And a big thing that I see. All that most of the most of the women getting married now uh go back have gone back to you know. Uh-huh. They they stay at work or go back to work. Or whatever. <SEP> Right. And they're well educated. Uh-huh. And I believe we'll see a lot more C E O -s in companies. They're having a fit about how little there are. <SEP> Oh. And I think we'll see a lot more. Don't you? Of upper management? Then we do now even. Oh yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. I think it'll escalate. Yeah. And uh and I think black women now. I- in fact I work at a high school. <SEP> Uh-huh. And my boss is a black woman and has only been there a couple of months and already promoted. And she's very sharp. And I think that th-. And the ethnic thing will be you know is a good thing now. Oh me too. They're moving them up. And they're sharp. And they. So you're going to see a lot a lot more of that in leadership I believe. <SEP> Yeah. I like to see that. I think it's uh really neat to see and all that educated minority uh person who really knows what they're talking about. Uh-huh. Right. And it's just too bad that some people you know still look down on them just because of their color. You know. <SEP> Right. That's a shame. Especially black women. Yes. <SEP> So. Yeah. But they wouldn't know what they're doing. Right. But I'm not big on subserving as far as to the men at all. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. But I never have gone along with that you know. Even far back. But I was brought up pretty good in a home that. Years ago my mother was that way. The same. I. My bo-. Ther- you know. Some people say oh the boys shouldn't have to do those jobs. The inside jobs. But we never were taught. They had to do as much as we did. So that was good. <SEP> Right. Same here. Yeah. So that's I think that's good. To keep the equal as far as as uh not nex- nex- uh necessarily by sex type thing. You know. Right. Same here. You should be able to accomplish as much. And I think the uh attitude is a lot better towards the parents raising the younger ones now. <SEP> Uh-huh. You see a lot more of the mothers and all saying to the young girls you know you can do it. Yeah. If he can do it you can do it type thing. <SEP> Yeah. Exactly. I I see more men uh like participating in like the family things with children. Like you know helping to take care of them more. And and uh uh doing the jobs equally you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. What about politics on it? <SEP> Oh. Do you think the political scene? I'm not that big on politics. I'm not that educated on it. Yeah. <SEP> I'm. I'm real dis- I'm kind of disgusted this year because I don't see many women into the political scene. And I really think we should have more political leaders in the women than we do up for and even for President and Vice President this year. Oh yeah. I agree with that. There's nobody again. I think they're all scared out after tha- after uh. Oh what was the lady's name that ran a couple of. Fitz-. I forget her name now. <SEP> Oh I don't know. But you know who I mean? Yeah. I know who you're talking about. Yeah. She took such a rough go of it. And they t- their tax deal and. <SEP> Yeah. At least she was strong to like try it and you know. Right. Right. So that's good. But I wish they would get some more on that. I really was disappointed this year when I see any of the candidates talking that they're talking about. Uh they I didn't see any of the women in there. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that disappoints me. Oh. And right now I don't think we have too many. Uh th- in the forefront. Schroeder's about the biggest one in Washington. <SEP> Uh-huh. Congress woman. And uh other th- uh. We really.
sw3138.txt:Okay. I guess we're going to discuss food and cooking. Alright. Do you enjoy cooking? <SEP> Sometimes not all the time. I'm kind of that way too. When I have I I enjoy cooking when I have time. <SEP> Right. I don't enjoy preparing three meals a day everyday. Yeah. That that's about the same boat I'm in too. It gets kind of boring. <SEP> Yeah. How big is the family you cook for? Uh five. Uh-huh. We have four. So and two of them are teenage boys. So. <SEP> Oh well I'll be hitting that fairly soon because all of mine are boys too. So. Are they? And they get pretty particular sometimes in what they want to have. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. We have that problem too. Huh. But also now it's just the amount that they eat. <SEP> It's just absolutely incredible. Oh yeah. Well see I m- my oldest is nine. And he already he already does that. Yeah. <SEP> Does he? And I told him he's going to have to get a part-time job by the time he reaches teenage years so he can eat. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. Uh do you have any favorite things that you serve when you are doing a special meal? Favorite recipes that you've come across or. <SEP> Um. My husband and I our favorite meal is uh. And we do it. Like for special stuff celebrations and we have like steak. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he does the steak. And then uh. Out on the grill? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he marinates it in his special stuff that he does. Ooh. And it's real good. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I do sauteed mushrooms. How. So. Ooh yeah. <SEP> And asparagus. And that's our favorite dinner. Ooh that's sound good. I love that. My husband really likes seafood. <SEP> Yeah. So do we. Um and I think that no matter what I do I don't serve enough of it really to uh to suit him. I didn't grow up eating that much seafood. And uh so I don't know. It's just kind of not natural to me. But I like it. Yeah. And uh I don't know. One of his favorite things is uh. Well it's called seafood stew. And it's really it's really like a s- soup that that you serve over rice. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh it has oysters and shrimp and crab in it. And. It's not the one with all the shells and stuff in it is it? No. No. That's kind of Louisiana I think if you do that. <SEP> I don't know what that. Yeah. I don't see how you eat that. But. I don't either. But uh. <SEP> No. This is just re- it is really good. And and one thing that's good is it makes the a large amount. And so I've usually we eat one. And I freeze two containers of it. Oh. Then that's just real quick to get it out and serve it over rice. But neither of my kids will eat it. You know. <SEP> Yeah. So then they eat a pizza or. So it. <SEP> Yeah. It defeats the purpose. Yeah. It really does. One thing I've run across recently though. A friend gave me a recipe that I really like for chicken enchiladas. Oh yeah. Have you made them? <SEP> Yeah. My husband makes those. Does he ooh. I'm not I don't eat enchiladas. Uh-huh. <SEP> I I don't like enchila- I don't like the tex-. I don't know. I guess it's the texture or something. I don't like the taste of enchiladas. Yeah. But everyone else in my family does. Well are these are done with a flour tortilla. Is that what he uses? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I it's I don't know what. I don't know. I I don't know what it is about the enchiladas. I just. And I'm the only one including my Mom and Dad and my brother. I'm the only one that doesn't eat it. Isn't that something? <SEP> Yeah. But my kids love it. I was going to say my kids both eat it. I guess that's one thing that I particularly like um. But I think it's good for you know for for company too. And I've made it a few times. Um and you can make a lot at one time when I needed to make something to uh to give somebody. You know like you know to take over to somebody's house or something else. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I've got a chicken casserole that's like that that that I've. It it's nice when it makes a lot because you can feed your own family. And then. <SEP> Yeah. Because I when I make this chicken casserole I it it makes a real big casserole and then another one that I freeze. Uh-huh. So or I give it to my Mom and Dad if I know we're not going to eat. What what does it have in it? <SEP> It's jus-. You can use chicken or turkey. Because my Mom started making it like right after Thanksgiving and using the leftover turkey. Uh-huh. <SEP> Sure. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it's rice and. When I do recipes I just throw stuff in. I don't I'm not real good about measuring. Yeah. Because I just. I do it to taste. Uh-huh. Sure. <SEP> And. Sometimes those are the best ones. Well yeah. But it it's like it's just chicken. It it's as much as you want you know torn up and and rice and cream of chicken soup and some mayonnaise and lemon juice and celery. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And that's it and some hard-boiled eggs. Yeah. Ooh that sounds good. And that's it. You just mix it all together and pop it in the oven just to you know heat it through. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you sprinkle uh that those uh toasted onion rings. On top of it for the crunchy. Oh yeah. Those are good aren't they? Uh-huh. <SEP> And that's it you know. Um. And it it it goes. That sounds good. <SEP> And it's filling because of the rice. Right. So. You cook the rice before you put it in? <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. I bet the mayonnaise in there makes it really kind of gives it a tang that would be good. <SEP> Yeah. It gives it a an extra yeah little tang. I guess I would now use the the new mayonnaise free. <SEP> Yeah. That cholesterol fat free? Yeah. That's really wonderful that they're coming out with so many new things like that because like I told my husband this summer I love to eat you know chicken salad and tuna salad and stuff like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And and you know basically it certainly a l- low calorie you know good thing except then you put your mayonnaise in there and spoil the whole thing. I know. You know and now it's it's it's okay. And you can even. I used to just put a tiny bit in. Well now I'm just putting more and more in. <SEP> I don't like tuna salad unless it's got lots of mayonnaise in it. Yeah. And it's only it used to be like a hun- hundred calories per tablespoon. And now it's like twelve. Yeah. Oh !. <SEP> I know. I just think that's the best thing to have happened. I'm just so excited about that. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah. We did the low-cal stuff. Well with my kids I don't. They get enough sugar and stuff anyway. <SEP> Mine are bouncing off the walls normally anyway. Yes. And they don't need any added help. Right. <SEP> So when we're here at home you know with sweets and stuff they they don't we don't really do that much. I do a lot of fruits instead of the cakes and the candies and you know stuff like that. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and drink wise they have Kool-Aid milk or water. Normally. Yeah. Now when they go to their grandmother's house which is every weekend. It's a it's a different a different story all around. <SEP> That's when they As our family would say a pig out. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's good. That's exactly what it is. Oh one of my boys that that's twelve um is has high cholesterol. <SEP> Oh really? Have you ever found out about your kids. No. <SEP> Not yet. Um and my other one does not. Huh. So oh year or so ago he found out. And he went on a fairly strict diet to try to get it down. And did !. He was able to get it down. It's I think it's mostly hereditary because we really have never eaten high things in cholesterol. <SEP> Yeah. He's never eaten any eggs. He's never had anything but skim milk. And you know I've never bought butter and things like that. Huh. But um oh he just left for the doctor again. And it's it's kind of back up. Um so he needs to be careful again. <SEP> Yeah. So we've really been talking about the foods you know for him to to be sure to eat. The lower cholesterol foods and stuff. And uh so he's eating an apple a day for the last two days. <SEP> And all that kind of stuff does really help. Well I think we've probably talked long enough. And.
sw2018.txt:Hello. Hello. Hi. <SEP> Hello. This is Lois. Hi. Hi. This is Lisa. And uh I called you know from that the the T I Data Base Calling Instructions. Uh-huh. Yeah. I got a call yesterday too. This is a different subject though. <SEP> Yeah. This is about changes in the women in the. Uh-huh. Uh there's really a lot isn't there. Yeah. <SEP> I think there really is. It's kind of an easy thing to talk about. Oh I guess the work force would be the main wouldn't it. Yeah uh. I think you have to push one. And then we can start recording it. <SEP> Okay. All right. Okay. Are you ready now? Yes. <SEP> Okay. Like I said I guess it would be the work force you know as far as changes in the generations. Yes. I know because I know when my mother was a you know going into the work force there wasn't very many opportunities for her I guess. She's in her late forties. You were expected to stay home and take care of the kids. And I've never faced that at all. Uh no. I think no- now you go to work when they're six weeks old you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you stay there. And I feel like the next generation you'll probably just work right along with your husband you know. Yeah. Uh-huh. I think it's definitely gotten better. Oh I do to much. And it's just going to get better. Uh-huh. <SEP> It really is. Because women are in every field now. I mean I can't think of a field that they're not involved in. Oh I can't either not a one. And I know at least in the medical field it seems like they've come out with a lot further advances as far as female medications and things since women have gotten into the doctor field. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't think that men really took the time to work on that sort of thing. Yeah. Even in Washington you know there seems to be a lot more women involved. Yeah. <SEP> Hopefully the next generation it won't even be an issue. I mean people will just look at you as a person and not as a man or a woman. Yeah. Yeah. I think that would be the best goal. <SEP> Oh I do too. Just your qualifications. And that would be it. Uh-huh. Exactly. Not what color you are how old you are what you're male or female. That would be wonderful. I guess it's kind of an ideal world though huh. Yeah. I kind of think maybe in time that you know you'll go by social security numbers you know. Yeah. <SEP> And that way they can't say well they picked a male over a female female over a male you know. Exactly. Or the way you look. Or the way you you know. Yeah. Yeah. Your age or anything. I think that would be a wonderful way to do it. <SEP> I do to. Just go by your social security number and then look at you qualifications that you know that you have. Uh-huh. And then. And then if you get it you know then. Uh-huh. Also with uh women in the work force they've gotten a lot more options as far as you know what's it called job sharing. <SEP> Uh-huh. Like if you and another lady were to share the same full time job or. Oh yeah. <SEP> As a matter of fact that's what I'm doing. Is it. Uh-huh. It sure is. That would be great. <SEP> It sure is. Or a lot of women I know now and my uh one of my supervisors when she went on L O A to have her baby we hooked up uh uh a terminal at her house. And she you know we could send her messages. And and she kept in touch like that and basically just worked out of her house. Oh. I would just take her the actual paperwork once uh every week or two. And that worked out great too. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. That is. And that's a real attractive option if you have the the technology for it. Uh-huh. All it was was you know. I mean she just used a phone modem. And she was like she was sitting in the office. So I think that's real nice too to come up with different options. Do you like the job sharing? <SEP> Oh I do. Do you? I really do. I think it's great. Do you work like half days or half weeks or. <SEP> Uh well like one week she'll work three days and I'll work two. And the next week you know I'll work three. And she'll work two. Oh oh that's great. And we just share off like that. Uh-huh. Do you get the full benefits? <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. We get the full benefits. Oh that's wonderful. But we've just really got a wonderful system that we're working under. Yeah. Especially with children and so many things going on that would be great. <SEP> Yeah. It really is. And that way we're not really missing any thing out you know of children. Either way. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. You have your career and your home life. And that would be a nice way especially if you have young children. Oh it is. It is. Well both of ours is school age. But we don't want to miss any of those P T A -s and you know all of that. Uh-huh. Oh no. I think. Yeah. My son's just in day-care. But even that they have extracurricular activities. And the older they get the more that you're involved in that. <SEP> Uh-huh. I think it's great. I really. Yeah. And I look for more of that in the next generation. I do too especially as women get up in management and and can be in on those decision making. You know when that subject comes up they can say yes. That would be wonderful. <SEP> Yes. Oh I do too. Plus I bet it cuts cuts down on your absenteeism because you've got two days off that you can do everything. So you don't have to you know unless you're just really sick or the child's sick. Most of the time now you know it's just the weekend. Or just forget it. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. I have to plan way in advance because. Or what I've done is found like doctors' and dentists' office with extended hours. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's been real helpful too. Like my doctor stays open til nine in the evening. So that's real helpful. So you don't you know have to do it during office hours run out on your lunch hour. I don't know how many times I've done that to do something post office or the bank or any kind of errand. To do. Yeah. So. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well I think we've really come a long way in that because. Uh-huh. I guess I take it for granted kind of because I just. It's always been that way. Uh-huh. But I know. <SEP> Yeah. But I can rem- remember back growing up my mother. I mean it was. She always worked. But it wasn't that easy for her to just take off. Oh no. I can remember my mother getting in trouble if you know one of was sick. And I know she probably didn't make hardly anything you know compared to the work that she did. Oh yeah. I think there is still some discrimination there where as you know men and women work in the same job. I think men get paid more. <SEP> Oh I do too. But I think that's improving. It's such a slow process. It's frustrating. But you can see that it's wrong. Yes. Yes. And you just want to make it right. But at least the wheels are moving forward. <SEP> They really are. Yeah. I think it's getting better not worse. Well I should probably get back to my job. I know. I know the feeling. Call again. <SEP> Okay. I sure will. Bye-bye. Okay. Bye-bye.
sw2423.txt:So do you have any hobbies? Well right at the present time nothing real special. I kind of like gardening. And I'm kind of into camping and you know vacationing that sort of thing. Yeah uh. <SEP> I don't have any real serious. I'm an avid gardener oh. Oh okay. I think you're. Um I consider that a hobby. I don't know. They were like suggesting like handcraft things which. <SEP> Uh-huh. I guess that's a really true true hobby. But I I think anything that you enjoy. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Um it doesn't really have to matter. I mean it could be working on cars could be your hobby really. Really. Yeah. I kind of enjoy doing that a little bit too. <SEP> No. I I guess if you make money at it it becomes a vocation. Yeah. Well I don't know. I told my husband I said you go out some to work on the car. It's not worth getting all mad and fighting and hollering at each other when it goes wrong. I says you go pay to have someone do it. Yeah. Because it always seems it goes wrong when you try to do something. <SEP> I guess as far north as you are if you like gardening you've still got a couple months to go haven't you? Oh yeah. Um well right now we um start our seeds inside. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. That's right. You would. Yeah. We'll start them inside. And uh. <SEP> In cold frames or whatever the. Yeah. Well we usually start them right in the house. Uh-huh. My sister tries to set up a greenhouse on her back deck. And and the wi- and a wind storm come and knock it down. <SEP> Huh. But she's had really good luck. I mean i- ca-. Next month. Well actually it if you if you start it in a couple weeks and you can get your plants outside pretty much the end of May. You can leave them outside. Uh-huh. You might put them in the ground just the first week of June. <SEP> Yeah. But we can put potatoes in the ground in the middle of May. Yeah. I've I've lived in in Texas and New Mexico most of my life. But I did once. I spent one winter in North Dakota. Oh. <SEP> And I I remember that it was on into May before it really started warming up. And uh. Yeah. Well well we live we live really close to Lake Champlain which is in the Champlain Valley. Oh yeah. So we're a little we're about two weeks ahead of everyone else out on the outskirts. So. <SEP> Okay. Because that kind of moderates the weather a little bit? Yeah. Yeah. We are a little lucky. Well my brother lives ten miles from here. <SEP> You're at. And he gets frost. And his crop gets killed. Yeah. <SEP> You're right across the uh lake from what Plattsburgh? Yeah. From Plattsburgh Air Force Base. Yeah. Yeah. But um. <SEP> Yeah. I had I had a cousin that was stationed there Plattsburgh for a while. He he remembers lots of snow. Yeah. Plattsburgh's kind of a. It's uh it's uh depressed economically. Oh really oh. When you go across the lake um. I don't know why we have so much going for us. I really don't. <SEP> I'm just wrote my resume up because told we might be facing layoff over at Digital. And they've never had well they've had layoffs recently. But when we got hired here no no never any layoffs never never. Yeah. And now we're looking at serious. I I mean I'm a technician. <SEP> Yeah. When they start getting rid of technicians. Yeah. Well I'm I'm working for T I Texas Instruments down here. Well I interviewed with them. <SEP> Oh yeah? But I didn't want to go to Texas. Oh. Even though my um mother's people are from Georgia. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Well I guess we have to get back to hobbies since. <SEP> Yeah. We're getting to where we're straying I guess. Stick on the subject. Yeah. Well interesting thing that I do is with gardening uh. My sister grows flowers that you can dry. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you can make fl- uh dried flower arrangements. And you can get real handy with the hot glue gun. And we made some really nice Christmas wreaths with uh dried red flowers and dried white flowers and uh eucalyptus. Huh yeah. Yo- you know what eucalyptus is? It's. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. The they s- uh it's sold in the hobby stores and nurseries. Yeah. It's got a s-. It's got a kind of a peculiar smell to it. But. Yeah. At first I'm like oh how why do people like this. But it it is kind of a nice smell after a while. People put them in. <SEP> Yeah. I didn't realize what it was for a while. I'd walk into a room where some of that. And I'd wonder what is that you know. And then one day I I realized that it was eucalyptus. Yeah. It's it's it's uh like a fad thing. I I don't know. It's I've never heard of it. In the last five years I've used so much of it that. <SEP> Yeah. I hate. Is that the stuff that koala bears eat in Australia or something? Yeah. It is. <SEP> Maybe that's why they're so slow. I guess they're stoned on the stuff or something. Yeah. It it looks really po- potent stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But uh it's yeah I think it's the greatest stuff in the world though. It's jeez. They I make all kinds of things with it. We make all kinds of things just with dried flowers. I I almost want to start a business doing it. But I don't I I'm so uh timid when it comes to starting a business. <SEP> Yeah. That's that's a big step. Yeah. Yeah. It is especially with the being in on the creative a- aspect and the crafty end. Yeah uh. You know after a while you make some stuff. Then you start looking at it. Go boy this this is kind of ugly. <SEP> But I know someone who does a lot of woodworking for a hobby. Um he does it believe it or not I wouldn't imagine why but to get out of the house away from his wife. Because he's a seasonal worker. He works in the construction. And up here it's almost a pattern. And you see your fathers do it. Then their sons do it. What they do is they work construction. Yeah. Then they get laid off for like twelve weeks in the winter. And uh this guy was going nuts. And his uh son built him a garage and got him some uh oh I don't know what the equipment's called but planers and things and s- set him up. <SEP> Uh-huh. Shapers and planers and routers. And h- he makes all kinds of furniture for um his kids. <SEP> And he makes uh uh like little kids' furniture. He gets right into it. And uh. There was a program on T V down here on the educational channel here a while back about a lot of little little companies of one and two guys you know up there. Espec- this particular one I think was in Maine and New Hampshire where out in the just kind of out in these little towns they'd be in. They may be the same kind of people you're talking about. You know they've they've got twelve weeks to do something. And they they're making furniture and just you know things like that during the winter. And then they go off and do other things during the summer. Yeah. It's a it's a really good thing because it's keeping him sane. <SEP> So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And plus it's keeping his marriage. Yeah. So and and plus he's getting on in his years now. He's he's not that old. But he's getting to the point where he needed an extra boost to to do something like that. <SEP> Yeah. And uh it's really it's it's uh hard work. I couldn't imagine taking lumber raw lumber and trying to make something out of it. He d- He dowels everything. That would be really t- you know. Like say the. <SEP> Oh man. Yeah. And it's all got to line up. It's. And uh I don't think he goofs too much. I don't to see too much scrap around. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's something. Now our temperatures down here we're starting to get pretty consistently in the seventies and eighties. God I'm envious. <SEP> And uh so and uh so as far as you know planting outdoor stuff matter of fact tonight I just got through I was planting some some trees out back tonight. And uh this is uh it's really nice out tonight. Is it going to be Is it going to be really dry? Almost hated to come you know. Uh are you pl- are you. Now I always plant trees in the fall. I don't know why. So the the cold weather can kill them. <SEP> Yeah. These were uh trees that that wintered. But I guess. I do- don't know where they came from. They come out of nurseries mostly in Missouri and places like that. And they come down here. And they'll sit in the nurseries here. And they'll go ahead and and uh leaf out. So what I'm planting or actually transplanting is a tree that's or trees that are already leafed out. Oh that's good. I guess they they say you can plant them in the spring or the fall all. <SEP> Yeah. Mostly I think in a place where it's really cold they do it in the fall. Let them winter you know through the fall. Yeah. But uh down here well it's done both ways. It it just kind of depends on what you're what you're planting. But uh all the shrubs and. Yeah. And uh when you have time to do it. <SEP> Yeah. My sister does uh flower gardens. She gets right into it. <SEP> Uh-huh. She spends lots of money on them. And I guess a lot of people do do do that. They landscape their whole house with flower gardens. Yeah. She's got like just a small patch of lawn and just flowers and mulch ba- tree bark all over her lawn. <SEP> Yeah. Flowers during the summer down here the the normal kind of flowers there's very few of them that will really do well. Everything does real well here in the spring until about oh first part of June. And then the re- the heat sets in. It gets ya-. And June July August are you know. Most of the those kind of plants just are just barely staying alive let alone make flowers. Do you have a lot of shade trees around your house. Or is it. <SEP> Uh we're in a relatively new area. We're kind of out of uh the natural tree area. We're kind of up on a on a higher on a slope. So you don't have a lot of tree coverage? So we don't have. Where we are right now there are very few trees. Because goi- going to make. <SEP> This was this was this was pasture land. But down the down the hill here a little ways there are parks that are look like jungles you know. They're really. Yeah. See um uh where my uh well my grandmother passed away but where aunts are they have these huge pecan trees. Uh-huh. And they just shade everything. <SEP> Now where is this? Uh it's in Georgia. In Georgia. Yeah. Yeah. It's yeah it's right outside of Macon. And and it's just a. I like the way that I like the way that idea of the south is. But when I think of Texas I think of nothing but no trees and just grass. <SEP> Well I tell you what. Now see East Texas. There's two parts of Texas East Texas and North Texas. Atlanta and Dallas are almost identical in every way weather and everything. Yeah. The two cities are very very identical. So if you were familiar with Atlanta uh. So it's that dry heat? <SEP> Uh well no. It's it's uh not dry at all. It it's humid. Well where is it. Is it Hous- wasn't it Houston's humid? Hu- Houston is awful. Yeah. <SEP> Houston is really humid. No. It's humid.
sw3012.txt:Hello. Hello. Hi um. This is Betty. And I'm in Richardson Texas. <SEP> I'm Nola. And I'm in Plano. Oh okay. Well here we go. I guess we're going to have a lot of parades this weekend in honor of these guys that are that did some stuff over in the Gulf. Um. <SEP> Yeah. Now did you push one? Yeah uh. Oh okay. No. I haven't pushed one yet. I just. <SEP> Okay. But I think it's. I just started doing this. So I don't know too much about it. Okay. We're just sort of getting acquainted here. Oh okay. Um you know I I just wanted to see if you know you had an opinion about this. Or you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um so if that's okay with you then I'll just press one. That will be fine. Okay. Well hi. <SEP> Hi. Good morning. Um. I think I mean if if I start this I just wanted to say that um one of the things that I don't think we really understood about the the middle eastern situation is that they're a totally different type of people than we are. And I mean they think differently. And their idea of what is justice is totally different from ours. And and right now I I think that that's been proven in the fact that um they have just. Well anyway I just think that you know the United States policy over there. I think we should just leave them alone. I really do. In in a major way because they just um that whole region over there I think needs to settle its own differences within itself. Yeah. And that's the way the course that they should go. I mean you know we can maybe help them a little bit prompt them. But I don't think this intervention at such high levels should be going on. The the thing with Israel and Palestine I believe that should be settled between them. And also um you know the other thing is their idea or our ide- idea of democracy has nothing to do with them. I mean tha- I mean I'm talking about the whole middle ea-. And and maybe this is too general. But I just believe that um they do not look at democracy the same way we do. They don't understand it as we don't understand the way they live. <SEP> Yeah. And so you know trying to put like a square peg in a round hole is just you know. I- I don't think that that's the way to go in this. And um you know it it. Oh well that's that's a couple thoughts on it. Yeah. I I guess you know I'd like you to maybe express something here. <SEP> Well I I I think overall that's right. I think it's kind of sad though that for generations they've been taught to hate each other. Yeah. And that's i- you know. If. Somewhere in there someone's going to have to learn a different way. That's. Yeah. <SEP> You know an an I I think that um. True we do have completely different ways of looking at things at a lot of things. But uh at the same time I think there are a lot of there is a lot of good that the United States and other countries can do as far as example. And and uh I think some different things could come from what's happened than what we expect. Well ye-. Well yeah. Um I I guess we could be a catalyst for their change. I um. The war has certainly sort of set things on end over there. And I don't think we'd be talking about this you know the Israeli situation Palestinian situation um sort of came to a head um unless there had been a war. I mean that was one thing that came out of it good or bad. Yeah. I I don't judge any war as good or bad. It's just a war. <SEP> Yeah. And I don't see any winners or losers. I just see dead bodies. I'm sorry. You know. But um i- I I just think you know you're right. And I think maybe it's at a whole different level of them trying to cooperate and get along. It's not going to be that we're going to uh you know sort of tell them to go to their room. And that's going to solve the whole problem. Yeah. It's going to be them. <SEP> But that's the type of thing they understand. Yeah. They don't understand any other way. And you know. <SEP> And so at that at that you have to work at their level to an extent too. It's. Yeah. That that's true too. I um. <SEP> They wouldn't have understood anything else than what we did in the war. Oh well yeah. They they understand violence. There was nothing else. Yeah. They love violent leaders to you know. I mean look at you know the leader they had. They they just adored him because he was so strict and cruel. <SEP> Yeah. And you know for a while there he had them be-. I can't figure out why they adored him. Well it has a lot to do with their religion. I got to say that over there um. <SEP> Yes. Yeah. And I know this only because from personal experience that I'm speaking of this. Because I I've you know traveled around town with different cab drivers in a situation where I've done that. And one one of the kindest people I've ever met in my whole life um is from that area of the country. And I mean he is just overly he he is abounding in kindness let's say. Yeah. And his wife is so godly I mean every thought. They have a totally different life than we have. <SEP> Huh. You know and when you add the um commercialization of the western world it sort of screws everything up for them. Yeah. And they have very basic life um. Well it's just a very basic life. And they just really believe in Allah or God or whatever. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's you know everything is to the glory of Allah. And and you know and it it's almost like. What's sad is that the leaders that have control are power. Yeah. Well that's see using that. <SEP> Yeah. Yes. And they abuse that. And it's always been military. And it's always been. And that's that's always been the way of the world. Don't you think. <SEP> Which I think that that's not the the way the majority of the people over there really are. Yeah. So it's really hard when you see the leaders compared to the people. But I think in a in a way the war uh I think in a way all the involvement over there too though has shown a lot of people that there are a lot of people that don't follow what those few are doing. And there are a lot of people who are good people. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> You know there's. And I I think we may not have ever have seen that without some of these uh newspeople being in there in the broadcasts and the the uh soldiers leaving um you know surrendering and trying to get out of that situation. Right. And surrendering. That was. Yeah. <SEP> And and the you know. It just really comes down to people are people you know. You have to have some compassion some humanness. That's right. Doesn't matter where the boundaries are. Um you know. There are political boundaries. And those are man made boundaries. But you know for heaven sakes that's something that's been going on for ages. <SEP> And I I think so much of it is what you're taught. Yeah. That's true. You know they teach their children uh in such a way that.
sw2051.txt:All right um. I think the topic was crime in the city. Right. I do not live in a city. I live in a real small little place. <SEP> Where is that? Uh it's about thirty miles from Sherman. North south east or west? It's north of Sherman. <SEP> Well you live almost in Oklahoma. Not too far. Yeah. That's kind of ironic because I don't live too far from Oklahoma either. Huh-uh. <SEP> You know where Saint Joe is? Uh I've been through there. I'm about eight miles south of it. Okay. Oh yeah. I had been through Saint Joe. But um just as far as watching the news and reading the papers and all that it sounds like the crimes in the cities are really getting bad. <SEP> Well you know I've I've seen those statistics and everything. And you know what frightens me is that you put a half a million people out in the middle of the desert with high tech weaponry you know. Huh-uh. I mean the Iraqis didn't have a lot of high-tech weaponry. But they had mortars and machine guns tanks and all that. Oh yeah. <SEP> Sure. And they didn't kill as many people in in forty-five days. And they were intending to kill people. Huh-uh. <SEP> I mean that was their job as they killed in Washington D C. Oh I know. I know. I know. Um I think nowadays people just really just murder is nothing to them you know. Well I formulated a pretty radical theory over the last ten years I guess. And I've come to the conclusion and this is a pretty scary thought to me even that if a guy is convicted or a gal is convicted of a crime rather than put them in prison because prison's proven not to work just let them go. Say okay you're convicted. Huh-uh. <SEP> And just let them go. Yeah. And if they get convicted again well just kill them. Yeah. Because uh most likely that will happen won't it that you know. <SEP> Well I think that the best hope to eliminate crime as we know it today is to eliminate the criminals from society. Huh-uh. Huh-uh. <SEP> If someone is known to have been in prison they can't get a job. No. You know. Yeah. <SEP> They can't be accepted into society. You know if they're not going to be accepted into society then everybody's going to become sociopathic. Huh-uh. And you know who's to put the limit on it? I mean I was watching a thing last night up in Washington State. If you get convicted of uh sexual offenses on a regular basis. You know I mean some of these guys are forty years old and got ten convictions. Huh-uh. <SEP> And they're still let out on the street after one or two years. Well in Washington State if you're a habitual sexual offender they just don't let you out. Um. So you serve your prison term. And then you go into the mental hospital. And if you're pronounced cured they'll let you go. Huh-uh. <SEP> Well they may find a cure for it. But there is no known cure now. Um. So you're you're kind of thinking. In other words if you get if you do something the first time that's not real bad you know. Hey people make mistakes. Yeah. To go ahead and let them go. But if they do it again and they really need to face the consequences then uh. <SEP> Well yeah. Use that. Or you know there's other consequences rather than killing them you know. You could always make them the slave of the people they committed the crime against. Oh. Huh-uh. <SEP> You know. Yeah. At least they might get some benefit in that. And if the people they committed a crime against feel at some later date that these people have learned their lesson are are okay you know well they can free them. Huh-uh. <SEP> But uh you know with the technology we have today you can put a collar on a guy's leg that will knock him down if they leave the property. I mean it will just in incapacitate them. Huh-uh. And you can put a collar around a guy's leg that will prohibit them from committing any kind of prohibitive act. Huh-uh. <SEP> But you know putting them in prison my God that doesn't work. No. Apparently not. Because look how many years they've been doing that. And look. I mean yeah. Well you look at places like Turkey. Turkey has the death penalty for just about everything. Huh-uh. <SEP> Huh-uh. I mean if you get convicted of uh you know drug trafficking they just kill you. You get convicted of uh you know heinous crimes they just kill you. I mean there's no two ways about it. Huh-uh. <SEP> And uh you look at their society. And the repeat offenders are very few. You know and you look at our society almost everyone out on the street that has been in prison has been in prison three or four times. Three or four times. Yeah. I mean You know the way to stop that kind of behavior is is two-fold. That is true. I know. Yeah. <SEP> One you need to make it illegal for both parents to work while the kids are under seven. I I think that's very important. Oh I'm I agree very much so on that. I. Yeah. And then if a parent has proved to be unfit for any reason take the kids away from the parents. Huh-uh. <SEP> Yeah. Because you know we are what we teach. Huh-uh. <SEP> Because that's what our society becomes. We have We have just a bunch of people. Comes. Yeah. And I've and I've I've lived in that that environment for quite a few years when I was doing construction work. You know and these guys they come to work every morning. And they're stoned to the bone. I mean they're so high they could fly up to the top of that building. And they work all day. And they go home. And they smoke their dope and drink their booze and shoot their drugs. And when they run out of money they go down to the corner store and pop the guy on the head and take his money. And then they go back to work on Monday. Huh-uh. <SEP> And the kids of these people. Sure. They just think that's the normal thing to do don't they. They're sociopathic. Yeah. <SEP> And I worked in a first grade classroom for one full semester. Huh-uh. And these kids were more foulmouthed than I've ever been. I had one kid threaten my life Threaten my life. In the first grade. <SEP> Told me that daddy's going to whoop me to death. Oh know. You know and they flipping me the finger and all that. Huh-uh. <SEP> And I just said to this kid. I said you got two choices kid. You can step into mainstream society. Or you can die. Huh-uh. Because you will eventually be killed. And I just I'm just totally aghast at a what's going on. Oh I know. I know um. I work in school. You know. That's something I do. And I it really is. I'm like you. Astonishing what the younger ages know. And they react to what they see at home. You know. <SEP> Huh-uh. If they see violence at home that's what you're going to get from the kids at school. Exactly. You know. It really is. And that's kind of sad. <SEP> Well you can see it in the work place you know. Used to be when you had a personality conflict you just you worked with it. And you got through it. Huh-uh. Now you know people get fired. Or what's even worse is they promote them into a position that they can't handle and let them get fired. Yeah. <SEP> Or one thing or the other. You look at another kind of society like the Japanese. You put that many people on that small of a space they've learned to live together. Okay. It's in their culture. Huh-uh. And one of the things that's in their culture that I really think the major corporations should pay attention to is the fact that while Japan was becoming a great power financially the people that worked for those companies worked for the same company they worked for at sixty-five as they did when they were eighteen. Teen. <SEP> And the company took it upon itself to find a position for these people. If they weren't fit for the job they were hired for they didn't just can them. They made a position for them some where. Huh-uh. You look at Frito Lay. My wife used to work for Frito Lay as a typist. You know transcribing stuff into the computer. Huh-uh. <SEP> Well she could type about one-hundred and five words per minute. But she don't like it. She just doesn't like to do that. I mean she will. Yeah. But you know her preference is to be in an office situation where her job is.
sw2028.txt:Okay um. How has it been this week for you? Weather-wise or otherwise? Weather-wise. <SEP> Weather-wise. Damp cold warm. Oh no. Damp. We have we have gone through what might be called the four seasons uh in the last week. Uh-huh. <SEP> We have had highs of seventy-two lows in the twenties. My goodness. Well I don't even want to tell you what ours has been like then. It was ninety-six yesterday. <SEP> I heard about that. And we set a record yesterday. And uh very windy. But then today the wind has dropped off and also the temperature so very cool uh. I think right now it's like sixty-nine. Um. And that's cool for u-. Or it feels cool compared to yesterday but very pleasant. No rain in the last month I don't think. The ground's very dry. And our yard work everything is in bloom. So our yard work is pretty tough the ground being dry. But I guess it also uh brings about allergies. We're having a lot of allergies down here right now. <SEP> Uh-huh. Everything blooming. And and the weather. Uh-huh. And uh I think a lot of people have contracted uh spring fever too. So. Had a lot of people out at work you know for fishing and and uh and golfing reasons and things like that. <SEP> The blue flu. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. The blue flu or the white collar flu depending on where you work I guess. Yes. Oh we have had uh as I've said we have had variable weather. Uh. Um. <SEP> It has been untypically wet for this time of year. Um. And also we have a lot of green you know. The grass has been growing. And if you look outside you would like to go out and mow your lawn if you could go out and buy a new spark plug or something along those lines. Uh. <SEP> But fortunately it rains. And you uh do not have to go out and buy the spark plug you know. Yeah. But we've had an unusually uh uh warm spring. And well I guess we're still in winter. And uh we have had no snow. Uh-huh. <SEP> No snow? To speak of to speak of. Um. <SEP> We usually average oh anywhere from six to twelve inches during the winter. And this year as well as last year we have had less than four inches total accumulation. Um. So it's been inordinately warm uh here for uh for this time of year. Um. <SEP> So uh in that regard it's fine. But uh I envy you your ninety-four degrees. Uh-huh. <SEP> I thought I heard this morning that in San Antonio it was in the nineties yesterday. Yes. Yes. It is. Down in the more southern and western areas. And of course we are um about two hours from the northern border straight south. Yeah. And and uh very windy. It's amazing to me. Because I have only lived in Dallas for three years. And I can not believe that the wind blows all the time. <SEP> It does. I I. Very seldom if any. I can't remember you know a day that I walked out and the wind wasn't blowing. Uh-huh. Well I spent six years in graduate school at in Indiana. In the flatlands. And it was that way every day. Um. <SEP> Rarely a day went by when the wind was less than fifteen or twenty miles an hour. Summer and winter. Um. So that uh. You you became accustomed to it I guess. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh otherwise w- as I said we have had uh a relatively mild winter speaking for this area of the country. Uh-huh. Oh rea- where did you go to school in Indiana? <SEP> Purdue. Purdue. I have a brother that lives in uh uh South Bend Indiana. Oh yes. And I had to always. I've lived there for eight years myself. I'd always said I was going to go back to school and go to Notre Dame. <SEP> But I didn't. Uh. Well you are not from that area originally I can tell. No. Originally I'm from New Mexico. <SEP> Oh okay. I was born in New Mexico. And we lived in uh South Bend for eighty eight years and uh then moved to uh Tennessee actually. Uh-huh. And uh. <SEP> Well I thought I heard a little Tennessee in there somewhere. Very much. Very much. Cause I I spent thirteen years there. And uh then moved to Dallas about three years ago. Uh-huh. So. <SEP> Gee. You've moved almost moved around as much as I have. Yeah uh. My father was in the Air Force. So. Oh I see. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I worked for the government. So I I moved uh much more frequently than I had intended for sixteen years. Uh-huh. But uh I guess the uh this is my first conversation in this uh uh series. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> I I received a call last night because of the uh. I had not received my uh personal identification number. Right. So I had to call Jack Godfrey today to ask him what it was because I I had to abort the call last evening because I couldn't get on the line. Yeah. <SEP> So uh is there any. I'm not sure how long we're supposed to talk. It's um it's just as long as you want to. Oh. O-. I mean it's just uh as long as you want to and just you know a reasonable lengthy conversation. Uh do you work for Texas Instruments? <SEP> No. I do not. I work for G T E. Oh okay. And I uh of course was I was sent a uh an application from uh from Jack. Uh-huh. <SEP> I've known Jack for some time. I'm in the speech processing business and have been for a number of years. Oh okay. So I was very much interested in in being a speaker for this. Yeah. <SEP> Well actually I I work for Texas Instruments. And uh I'm an a I'm an environmental engineer. Oh I see. And uh they just published this internally you know getting people involved. <SEP> Uh-huh. So that that's really strange. I I was wondering why we had somebody from Maryland though. I was saying God do we have a TI in Maryland. Or. I'm sure you have a representative somewhere in the area. If just nothing more than a business representative or government services representative. Uh-huh. <SEP> And um but I have uh I have been a speaker in other uh similar type of activities. Uh-huh. And I know the reason why this is why the uh this is being gathered and the program and so forth. So I was interested as I said I was interested in being a speaker. Uh-huh. <SEP> We haven't talked much about the weather. Oh well. I know that's what we're supposed to do. Yeah. Yeah. Well really it uh the letter just says um. Let's see I can't. I was looking at it. I was trying to find out speedy short cuts. And I always thought it's not necessary to measure your time just to go ahead and enjoy the conversation and and end it when needed. So. <SEP> Uh-huh. In environmental engineering uh. Uh-huh. Is that with regard to work place engineering or just you know environm- the work place environment. Or. Uh well it's actually um waste water. <SEP> Oh I see. Taking taking care of uh. I'm actually in the air division. And we monitor um anything that comes out of a stack or out of a building. Or um we do have customers that um their concerns are in the work place. And we take care of that. But within our department. We take care of everything. Waste water uh solid waste and recycling and and air and. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I had. My the the call last evening was supposed to be about uh concerning recycling in the community. Oh uh-huh. The call I received. And so I had uh I had thought a little bit about it um before hand. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. So I. But that that's interesting. I have a uh uh friend who is a planner. Uh a city planner. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> And one of his. And he models uh city districts and so forth uh does computer modeling. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> And one of the uh. He has inputs or gets inputs from uh an environmental engineer. Uh-huh. Yeah. We actually our division is corporate wide. And we take care of just the Dallas area. Uh-huh. Of course we have several plants here. But um we do air modeling also. <SEP> Oh I see. And and yeah I take care of all the air modeling specifically for the Dallas area. What we do we have a weather station that we get all of this information you know temperature wind speed wind direction. And uh we have a huge chemical data base. Well that's interesting. And uh our our chemical data base so that we know every chemical on site. And and um its concentration. And if if anything ever happened God forbid you know a building explosion or something tha- we'd be able to track chemicals from that building with our weather station.
sw3345.txt:Well you keep up with current events? Um somewhat. Yeah. Somewhat. Not. <SEP> Not as well as I would like to probably. Is that right? But that's the way it goes. Yeah. Where whereabouts in Pennsylvania. <SEP> What? Where in Pennsylvania? Um State College. I go to Penn State. Oh do you. Well great. <SEP> Yep. How's uh. Well no. We're not supposed to talk about that. We're supposed to talk about current events. Right. Exactly uh. Well I'm a current event junkie. So I I watch I try to watch the news. And I read the newspaper. And I like to read TIME magazine and PEOPLE magazine to keep up with what's going on in the world. <SEP> I see. Well what particularly are you interested in? Well I just pretty uh little you know about everything. And not and then again not everything. <SEP> Uh-huh. But you know I like to know pretty well what's happening. Political things don't interest me a great deal except I do like to stay informed enough to feel like I halfway vote intelligently you know. Uh-huh. But uh other than that uh I just you know. Just the events that happen around the world interest me. Stay in touch with it and know feel like I know what's going on. <SEP> Yeah. Now I have to say all three of my children none of them are too interested in current events. I see. But I always have been. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I stay up with it. But uh how do you how do you uh stay aware of most of the current events. Uh newspaper? T V news or what? Um uh well some of both. <SEP> Uh-huh. I read I read the newspapers sometimes. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I watch C N N that sort of thing occasionally. Right. Yeah. That's good. <SEP> And I read magazines and such. Well you stay up with it pretty well then. Well yeah. I mean not not that badly anyway. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I am I am interested in what's going on. And I'm particularly interested in certain things of course like all the news about Haiti recently because I've been down there. Uh-huh. Yes. Uh-huh. Oh you've been there. <SEP> And yeah. Well you would be interested in it then. Right. Exactly. Yeah uh. I follow it you know. I don't just read everything about it. But I'm always aware of what's going on like that. <SEP> Yep. And uh because it is it's interesting. Uh-huh. And uh I don't know. I feel sorry for those people down there. They've just been so terribly mistreated for so many many years you know. I mean through Papa Doc. <SEP> That's true. They've never really had a good leader. I mean he was a terrible tyrant. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And I think it's been better since he died. But it's still been bad. <SEP> Yeah. But uh even that priest that was in control there for a while that they overthrew uh. I've read some things about him that he was he wasn't too good himself. Oh yeah? Yeah. He was pretty pretty much a. He didn't mind having people bumped off for certain things you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh It's one of the reasons the U S wasn't so you know didn't do more than they did at the time because they weren't all that excited about him although he's probably better than a lot of them. I see. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh but then again who you know. Those people are so used to it. I guess it's the only thing that works. Yeah. So what do you think about the quality of news coverage in America? I think it's pretty darned good. I think we're lucky to have as good a coverage as we have. <SEP> Uh-huh. I really do. Now I they sometimes they jump on it and and and go a little to the extreme. The media does. But uh but that's kind of understandable because you know of course if you watch it more more than once a day I mean it's the same thing over and over and over and over. And I listen to the radio. Right. Right. So I you hear so much. You get a little tired of it. But then again so many people you got to understand only catch it once a day maybe. <SEP> Yep. But I think the quality of our uh our news is just uh I don't believe it could be better. Uh-huh. I really don't. <SEP> Yeah. Well you know I think it probably could be it always could be better. But I would agree that it's pretty good. I don't think so. I don't think our news could be better. <SEP> Yeah. I I mean I mean what else could they do to make it better. Um. I don't see anything that they could do. <SEP> Yeah. Well I think that um. I don't know. Well you always want to think everything can be improved upon. The um. <SEP> Right. I understand what you're saying. Right. I think that. But by trial and error over the years I think they got it about as good as they're going to get it. <SEP> Well that may be so. Yeah. Uh nothing is perfect. I think that I'm not always satisfied with how dig they deep into the how deep they dig into things and such. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well that's true. I understand what you're saying. And then again I understand why they can't dig too much deeper. That's why we have C N N. <SEP> Right. C N N has the time since that's all they do is news to dig deeper. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right.
sw3660.txt:Okay. All set then. Uh what do you think about it? Uh I think it's a real good concept. Uh drug testing procedures would have to be refined. Uh-huh. <SEP> From what I've seen on the news there's a a pretty good size problem with poor accuracy poor procedure in uh drug testing. Oh I didn't realize that. Yeah. Uh there have been people who have been turned down for jobs because there was a drug showed up in their in their uh test. But they didn't know for sure what it was. But it was a drug. So they got turned down. And uh turns out it was a prescription. Or people getting somebody else's blood test. Uh-huh. <SEP> Same sort of problem that happens sometimes is these some of these uh like AIDS tests and such. Okay. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's right. I have heard. Uh I don't remember what they call it sort of like a positive negatives or some some kind of word they use when a uh you get a uh a positive indication of drugs. But there's not really there weren't really any there. <SEP> Yeah. Uh every now and then there's an error. And people are really upset about that when it comes to their rights and their rights being violated. Oh yeah. Yeah. I I work here at Texas Instruments. So uh we we do a let me think do we yeah everyone coming in. I guess I did three years ago. <SEP> Yeah. Everyone coming in uh goes through the drug testing procedure. And they talk about it as a you know as as better for the country and better for the working conditions. Uh-huh. So if they uh they test for drugs. <SEP> Yeah. I I'm I can't even remember if we do random sampling anymore. I know we did in the military. But I don't know if once you're in they continue to do it. Yeah. But I guess you're always on call for it. <SEP> Yeah. I not very long ago worked for Wal-Mart. Uh-huh. And about a year and a half ago they instituted a uh a uh drug testing program uh well drug and alcohol testing program. It's it's not a random. Uh-huh. <SEP> Through the s-. It. As each employee comes in part of the hiring procedure is a a blood test. Uh. Uh-huh. But I think the big problem though is is they send these off to large labs. B-. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. And then they have thousands and thousands of samples that uh going through it in a day and bottles get mixed up things like that. So your big beef with it is the uh. <SEP> It's. Is is it's a good idea. But like you said the drug testing procedures need to be defined a little better. Yeah. Make sure it's a lot safer because a couple of people are going to be discriminated against unfairly or whatever. Yeah. I I I tend to agree with you David. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. My brother uh brother used to work for Wal-Mart. And then I don't know if he still does or what because I don't know if Sam's is actually part of it. But he you know is working at Sam's now. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Sam's is part of Wal-Mart. Okay. Yeah. Then he's been working for the company for a while too. He uh. Yeah. Good company uh. <SEP> Oh yeah. You all uh have some. He's telling me about good profit sharing and all that. Company's that was a great place to work. So. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's good news. Yeah. They got to had two or three years in with them you can start buying stock. And you have a have a little taken out of your check each each payday to put against uh uh stock portfolio. Uh not portfolio just you know against Wal-Mart stock. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh you can build a pretty fair amount of stock after a while. Yeah. That's what my brother was telling me. That's good good new- good deal. Well uh how long were we s-. I haven't done this in a couple months. How long were we supposed to discuss for? <SEP> Uh you're supposed to get five minutes. Okay. We got a couple more minutes then I guess. Uh think what else I can say about that. Uh. Uh do you have any idea uh. Let's see. You were you were tested for drugs as you got into T as as you got into T I? Right. Uh everyone coming in gets goes through the drug test. <SEP> Yeah. Uh now uh were you asked to wait before starting to work until the drug test came through. Or. Uh no. Well let me think about that. Yeah. It was after I w- I had already been hired. Uh. Okay. Yeah. You get hired then you come in the first. I. Seems to me I remember that uh I was hired came in and went through some orientation. And I thought I. Boy I can't remember. That would seem strange to already be working here in the first week of the drug test. Maybe it was during the interview. I came up a couple times for an interview. So it's hard for me to remember where I was when all that happened. But uh I guess just like other companies other friends I've been hearing about that have been moving around. It's it's before. They have to wait for the drug test to come in before you actually get employment. So I'm sure that happened to me too. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. What what about oh. They just instituted it there at Wal-Mart. <SEP> Yeah. So. They they it was after I was already working there. And they weren't testing any of those who were already working. Right. <SEP> So.
sw3364.txt:What's your favorite T V show? Oh. You know I used to like ST. ELSEWHERE. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's one of my old favorites. Um and that's. I'm being beeped. So I'll just ignore it. Um and now I I did like THIRTY SOMETHING. Uh-huh. Oh yes. My daughter says NINE OH TWO ONE OH. We like that one. Yeah. That's one of my favorites. <SEP> Good. And how old are you? I'm twenty-eight. Oh so you're little bit younger than I am. But yeah. I think if my seventeen year old my fourteen year old my other two children like it. I'm over forty. And I like it. I think it's wonderful. Yeah. It's a good show. I like MURPHY BROWN and DESIGNING WOMEN too. <SEP> Oh yeah. Now see I we are so busy with all of our kids are in sports. And I hardly ever watch T V. But that's one that that we watch. And then Sunday nights we watch uh LIFE GOES ON. Yeah. I like that. That's that's a good show too. Very good. Did you see the one on Sunday? Yes. It was a uh uh. I did miss that Sunday. No. I didn't. <SEP> That one kid that Becca likes he has AIDS. Yeah. It's a good episode. Yeah. The the new character on there did. <SEP> Right. Right. All the way to North Carolina. What time is it there? Uh it is twenty minutes to nine. Oh my gosh. See I'm twenty minutes to six here. Three hours difference. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What else do you like? Uh let's see I like a lot of different shows. Let's see um I like MURDER SHE WROTE. That's that's. Oh I never I never watched that ever in my entire life. And MATLOCK is another good one I watch. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um then during daytimes I like I like ALL MY CHILDREN. A small bowl will be plenty. Oh that's mine. That's the only one I watch whenever I oh. A small bowl will be better because it's pretty fattening. Talk to my daughter. Um um. ALL MY CHILDREN. I've watched that for about twelve years. <SEP> Yeah. I've I'm sure I watched it for more than that probably. Twenty something. I used to watch GENERAL HOSPITAL when I was a teenager because I. I quit watching GENERAL HOSPITAL when Leslie got killed. Oh. So that was a long time ago. I used to watch it was in high school and college when Laura's mother got killed. <SEP> Right. She was my favorite character on there. I just. I read the reason she got they they killed her off was because they couldn't settle a contract. And I said well if they're going to do that to her I won't watch it. <SEP> Oh that's great. Well I do like ALL MY CHILDREN. And I and I like it you know I don't know. I just. I like the people on it I guess you know. I I I like it. I just wish they'd bring some of the old characters back. Yeah. Well Tad's going to come back I bet do you think? Yeah. I'm sure he will. <SEP> He'll come back show up at just the right moment. I kind of wish that uh Nina would come back because she because the story you know. Oh. Just for a brief visit or whatever because it never has been resolved with Palmer remarrying and everything. <SEP> Yeah. Like Daisy pops in once in a while. And I forgot about Nina and Cliff right. Yeah. Cliff's on THE YOUNG AND THE RESTLESS now. Oh he is. So he's out for good. Yeah. He's out for good. <SEP> Did they marry? Uh. Nina and Cliff? That's how they left the show but not in real life. <SEP> Um. Now she's married to some guy in New York. And she's happily married. And that's the reason she left the show. I guess she wanted a private life. Oh okay. Oh see I I I watch it maybe twice a month. So I don't watch it everyday like I did when I had babies. Oh well I I watch. <SEP> Because I play lots of tennis. And I'm gone a lot. So I don't get to watch. I watch it everyday religiously. I videotape it when I have to miss it. Oh no kidding. Yeah. <SEP> I use to be I used to be like that. I'm that way about a lot of different shows. I'm that way about MURPHY BROWN DESIGNING WOMEN. Now isn't DESIGNING WOMEN don't they have a new chick on there instead of the instead of what's her name? Uh yeah. There's two new characters on there. There's um uh Jan Hooks from SATURDAY NIGHT LIFE. I don't know if you know her or not. <SEP> Huh-uh. That's a show I like. And then and then uh uh the blond headed girl that used to be on NEWHART. Oh yeah oh. I don't like her on it. I never have liked her. So. <SEP> Well I I just know which one she is. I don't you know. She's taken the Suzanne's part. And then Jan Hooks has taken Charlene's part. Charlene was Delta Burke? Charlene was Jean Smart the blond headed. <SEP> Oh okay. Well see I never watch that one either. I really don't watch a whole lot of T V just you know on Sunday nights. LIFE GOES ON comes on about the time that we eat dinner. And my whole family's home because I don't allow the kids out on Sunday night you know because they've got to go to bed and go to school the next day. Yeah. And so we we sit around and eat popcorn. And oh then we watch AMERICA'S FUNNIEST HOME VIDEOS. Those are always pretty cute. Well MURDER SHE WROTE comes on opposite of that. And so. <SEP> Oh so you don't watch that one instead of. Yeah. I I pick nights pretty much so on T V that I watch different networks. But BEVERLY HILLS NINE OH TWO ONE OH I I watch it religiously. <SEP> Sure. Yeah. We like that real well. It. Be sure to watch it tomorrow night because somebody's getting killed on it. <SEP> Uh-huh. I know. The kids already know who it is. I don't know who it is though. Who is it? Ask them. <SEP> Let me ask Nicole. Nicole.
sw2171.txt:Well how do you feel about it? Well uh I don't have any strong convictions about it. That's for sure. Um I know I haven't done any Peace Corps service. And I don't know anybody in my immediate family that has or you know has ever even thought about it. Do you know uh do you know anybody that's been it? No. The the only people I know that have done anything remotely like that are people that have gone to be missionaries. And that's only because I went to Baylor. And a lot of students from Baylor go and and serve as missionaries during the summer. But I think I think that's a terrible idea. That's like forcing someone to donate to a charity. <SEP> Yeah. I mean and it's nice to to try to teach young people some some uh uh civil uh consciousness but forcing them to to donate basically their time and efforts. Yeah. It's definitely up to the person uh. So I'd have to say that uh it you know the people who do it well some feel it's rewarding. I don't know you know. But uh I don't know how we got the subject. You have to. <SEP> I don't either. I have nothing to say about this. I don't either. I was I almost hung up because I thought well gosh I don't I don't really have an opinion except for no. I think that's dumb. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh. Well how long you been in San Antonio? I've been here for um just almost fiv- well no almost four years. <SEP> Um okay. And I lived with Dana in school. Oh okay. That's how we know each other. <SEP> And uh you you were just up there then huh. Uh-huh. Last weekend. We went to Six Flags Saturday. Oh okay. Had a good old time. <SEP> Well that's good. Well back to the topic at hand. What other types of community service would they be talking about. I mean the the recording mentioned the Peace Corps. Well it sounded like I mean this is like major long term commitment like a year or six months. Yeah. <SEP> Or so you're looking at the Peace Corps or sabbatical maybe. Or you know I don't know. I mean but uh. I mean I'm all for donating my time to worthy causes. Like I do some volunteer work here and there. And every once in a while I'll do uh a uh local Big Brother Big Sister thing. Uh-huh. Or I'll go you know do a. <SEP> But that that time is minuscule compared to what what they were referring to. Yeah. Yeah. I couldn't possibly commit a year or two of my life to to go do something. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. They couldn't cover my hourly rate. I couldn't afford it. No kidding. <SEP> But uh. I have this thing against bugs too. And seems to me like the Peace Corps. They send you someplace that there's a lot of bugs. Yeah. Africa. Yeah. Have to live in a shack with no air conditioning and no medicine and no anything. I'd probably catch a terrible disease and die. <SEP> Yeah. Well. I doubt that. But you know how it is. W- I I mean it would it would have to be tough going somewhere you don't know the culture usually I guess. Yeah. <SEP> I think that maybe that's why some people do it is uh to see the other cultures or you know and some of that. Uh-huh. But uh to do that I don't know. I'd have to be. I don't know. Oh I don't know either. Growing up all I knew was you go to high school you you know you work you go to college you get out of college and you get a good job and you work. And and none of this you go spend two years in the Peace Corps to ex- to broaden your horizons. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well you know uh I know American Express. I'm n- I'm working at American Express now. And they. After a certain amount of years of service these employees can take off like six months or something for some type of sabbatical or some you know some something like that. Uh-huh. And they're allowed to take that time off and then come back where they left off. Oh. <SEP> So it is something that I think uh you know even the larger organizations will support. Uh it's it's really for the community to give you know to to give back to the community type of thing. I don't know. It's for I think at the same it's for some people to you know help them grow in other areas. Kind of like joining the military. <SEP> Well I mean in that respect a lot of people join the military to to grow up and to decide what they want to do. Yeah. M-. And the Peace Corps or something like that is probably useful as as that kind of a time. <SEP> Yeah. Maybe a little bit in that perspective. But uh and a lot of people have gone in the military I mean you know when they're in the college. Sometimes it's to sup- help support college you know the money. Uh-huh. Uh others people don't know what they want to do. But as far as uh you know the Peace Corps. I guess I suppose there's a few people that have done it at that point in their lives. But I think a lot of it's you know when the- people get older they'll do something like that. I'd probably have a different perspective if I actually knew someone that had gone into the Peace Corps. <SEP> Yeah. But I don't. I I I don't. And none of my. <SEP> Didn't mean to cut you off there. Oh that's okay. N- and none of my really close friends in college went off to be missionaries or anything. So I don't really know anyone first hand that's that's com- committed a chunk of their life to do service work. I. Everybody I know has been. Well I'm going to go get a goo- good job and make some money and buy a nice car. So. <SEP> Yeah or or try to make a living. Yeah. But uh. Yeah. I I have no I don't know anybody that's done that either. So I I. It's interesting we got this topic because I I I don't know what I marked off to get this. But. I certainly didn't mark off anything to get this one. I I can't imagine. And the switchboard's been down for several days. And the last time I called it before it went down I had this topic. And I didn't feel like talking about it. So I hung up. And I guess they they keep you on the same topic until you actually talk to somebody about it. <SEP> So you had the same one huh. Yeah. Oh well. Well you'll you'll get it over with here. I know. <SEP> How many times have you talked? Oh probably five or six. Yeah. Not a whole lot. <SEP> Oh I've done maybe four or five. Yeah. Did Dana sign you up for this? Well she just sent me the information out. I I got a hold of it you know. I just sent it back in. And. Yeah. That's. She stuck my name on some list. So they mailed me the information that I filled out. <SEP> What other topics have you had? Um I've talked about camping with someone. I've talked about the weather. Great. Great. That one was interesting because I talked to a man in in Washington D C. And it was hot here. And it was snowing there. So that was pretty interesting. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I talked to someone about the uh the uh education system. I forget exactly what the focus was on that one. But that was fairly interesting. And I talked to somebody about credit card usage. Yeah. And I talked to this person who I gathered from speaking to her that that she and her family just didn't have much. And they didn't have much credit available to them. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so she basically didn't use credit cards and didn't know very much about them and how they work and and how you can use them to your advantage and and how you know you you can do certain things with them. Huh. <SEP> Yeah. I always I use everything with my Visa. And I pay it all off. Yeah. So that's a good deal for me. I get free money for thirty days. Yeah. <SEP> That's the way I use them uh. Yeah. I try I try to make sure I don't get in debt. So. Yeah. Well that's always a good plan. I can't think of anything else that I've talked about. All that th- most of the ones on the list I checked off stuff like football and and stuff that I can I I would enjoy talking about. And I haven't gotten a one of them yet when I've called. <SEP> I had uh. Let's see. I've had fishing. And uh I can't remember me and I think me and Dana had football. Yeah. We did. Oh how funny. Yeah. So we talked about the Cowboys a little bit. And I'm out here in Phoenix. So we talked about Phoe- Cardinals. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so so that one was all right. And then what else did I have? I think I had some other uh like staying in shape or working out. This other guy I got this guy from New York. So. I had to talk to someone about hobbies. And the switchboard called me. So I was caught a little off guard. And I couldn't think of anything at all. So I started making stuff up. I told this woman that my hobby was gardening. And I can't even I can't even grow an ivy. And you've probably never gardened in your life. My grandfather gave me a plant once. That told and he told me when he gave it to me that it was impossible to kill. You could freeze it. You could you could dry it out. No matter what you couldn't kill it. Well I killed it pretty quick. <SEP> Yeah. I don't have too much of a green thumb either. So. I do have one plant here. It's been hanging out for a while. But I think it's one of the easiest plants. I can't I don't know the name of it. But I'm not too much into.
sw2022.txt:Okay. So um. Yes. We do keep uh well we started out keeping a budget about two years ago. We have a computer here at the house. Uh-huh. And I made a Lotus spreadsheet and went through the year using all of our our checkbook to figure out what we spent each time and whether we were over or under for each month. And then basically since then what I've done is is keep track of it through the checkbook. So that based on whatever we've got coming in the check coming in then how much I'm spending each half of the month and then trying to also spe-. Because our house payment is once a month. That's our our biggest uh expense. So I take half of that amount out of my checkbook each with each paycheck even thought it's really still there so that I can keep uh uh good balance a running total yeah through the month. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> A running total. Yeah. What do you all do? <SEP> Uh we've we've uh taken how much we have you know write down how much we have coming in each month. And then uh we've. At the beginning of the year we sat down and determined how much we could spend. We sat dow- made up different accounts like you know. We've set a budget for each you know household expenses or food and clothing and entertainment and then our our own fun money and just stuff like that. And then we write down each each time we spend something we write down in a book. And at the end of the month we tally it up to see how close we you know. We we try to stay within a certain budget. So. Is it is it hard to keep track of it. Or does it work out pretty well? Um it takes some it takes some dedication to do it. But it it works out real well. So. And and you're staying within your budget and keep- everything is working pretty good. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. I stay wi- I have to stay within it. So I you know. And then we have that you know. If you can't stay if something comes up and you can't stay within it then we have uh you know a budget for you know like we call our slush fund or something. And some- an unexpected comes up then you're not you know you don't feel it so strapped. You don't have to go out and borrow it somewhere and do that. <SEP> Right. Yeah. Because we don't you know we don't charge anything that we can't pay off by the end of the month. That's a good choice. We've been trying we're trying to uh do that this year. We've budgeted the money that we used to spend we were spending on a CODA account with T I and then money we were also buying stock with for that year. We've taken that this year and said we're going to pay off all of our credit cards. You've got paper under your table. And uh we have uh another loan with the bank. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And so we hope by the end of this year that by doing that we'll be free and clear. <SEP> To be out of that. Free. <SEP> Yeah. The only thing we have it to pay off is our is a automobile loan and our house payment. And that's the only thing we ever. That's good to be in that kind of shape. We try to stay out of debt. What are you all trying to do long term. <SEP> Huh. Oh it's long term. We just. He ha- you know his retirement plan and then to CODA and stuff like that that's all we. And you know we just have our life insurance for right now. Uh-huh. So we don't have any long term you know in stocks or anything like that right now. So. Yeah. Mostly what we're doing we've worked we've done the uh CODA account with T I where they we put in so much a month. And then they or so much a pay check and then they match it. <SEP> Yeah. That's what we're doing. So that's that's worked out pretty good. And then I used to work for T I. And I have. When I retired from there or left I took the money I that I had in mine and put it in an I R A. And we had an out we had an existing I R A. So we have both of us have some money in an I R A that we're also trying to figure. To put it we're putting it in C D's right now. Uh-huh. And then we're also looking at it in possibly getting a mutual fund. <SEP> Yeah. When ever we get enough saved we stick it in a C D for a while. And then uh you know and then when if we need it we wait until it it's expired. And then so. Yeah. The other thing that we've done that that was really nice to see we had one of the financial companies um. Han- uh John Hancock company came out. And their agent did a long term analysis based on salary and uh what we were pla- what what our uh goals were on a long term budget in terms of retirement kids college paying off the house buying a different house um special thing buying land and building our own house. Uh-huh. And they did an analysis for us based on what we were putting in and the time frame that we wanted to look at and then gave us a good idea back you know some good information back on whether or not we were going to achieve those goals and or not and what we needed to do so that we could achieve them and the money we could put in at what time. <SEP> Uh-huh. Or not. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. That sounds interesting. We've never done any-. We have. You know just our our life insurance guy has come out you know. And he's set up uh you know determined how much we need to you know we need if something were to happen. Yeah. That that's the other financial thing I guess that we've done is with our life insurance is since I'm at home now is is figuring out uh what we would need if something happened to my husband or what he would need if something happened to me. That's a a big thing to think about. Right. Yeah you know. If I would sell the you know. If he something would happen to him I wouldn't stay in Texas. I would uh sell the house and move back home you know to my home town. And and uh I wouldn't stay here in Texas. So you know I don't know what he would do. Okay. I guess that's most of my um financial plans right now. <SEP> Yeah. Mine too. Is is there anything you'd like to add? No. That's about all for mine. Well it's been nice talking to you. <SEP> Nice talking to you too. Bye bye. Bye bye.
sw3523.txt:We're set. Okay. What changes do you feel have happened? <SEP> Oh I guess the first thing has been the uh for the right for women to vote. I think that has been a major change and also the fact that uh there are so mu- many more women in the work force nowadays than there were. And that's probably going to increase. You know. Right. Increases each year doesn't it? <SEP> I'm sorry? It increases each year I think. It sure does. Yeah. There is a lot more women in the work place nowadays. Well and I think women have kind of had uh in the past the real subservient role. <SEP> Role? Right. And uh. <SEP> That's changing. Well we do to some degree. Right. But uh uh I think it's not as much as it was. <SEP> Right. Yeah. I I agree. It definitely has changed. I And especially I think with women increasingly working they're going to have to demand more from men. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because there is just i- impossible to keep up on everything else. Yeah. Yeah. Have more of an active role in taking care of children more of an active role in taking care of the home. <SEP> Well you know they've been talking about. And I don't know uh what the status is on it. But you know women get maternity leave and stuff like that. And I know that they've there has been discussion about men also getting maternity leave to help out. Right. But you know I haven't really heard much about that recently. Well you know there is a lot of companies that won't give mat- women maternity leave for that very reason. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh in fact I know the school districts down here you they don't have maternity leave. Uh you simply have to take accumulate your sick leave. And take your sick leave. Oh is that right? <SEP> Oh. Uh-huh. And I don't know uh if bigger company companies do. But when I was employed with the school district I didn't have maternity leave either. And that was the reason. Because they thought was showing prejisim to women and not to men. But So uh. <SEP> Huh that's interesting. That's a bummer though. Yeah. It is. <SEP> I mean You got to take the time off. You have to save all of your uh vacation time. You do. You have to save all your vacation time. And that's usually how it's uh happened. <SEP> Yeah. But uh. Uh-huh. What do you see uh changing in the future? <SEP> I think that we're probably going to see a lot more companies uh run by females. Right. And and top level. And we'll prob-. <SEP> I'm sorry? Maybe top level. Right. Right. Upper management. More women in upper management. And probably uh we'll see more females in political roles. More governors and I think you know roles like that. That would be kind of nice. <SEP> Well we've got in Texas we have a female governor. That's right. That's right. And we had a female mayor here in Dallas. And she just her term just ended. And uh so I think we're probably going to see more of that in the future. Yeah. <SEP> I think that's probably good. A little more integration. Uh-huh. And uh maybe not so much that we sit on the back burners. And. <SEP> Right you know. I mean and that's fine with me. I think. But sometimes. I mean I'm not a women's libber by any means. But I do. Right. <SEP> There are issues that you know as far as like equal pay for men and women and that kind of stuff I totally am for. Right. But I don't get into the uh the real women libber movement you know. No. I don't either. <SEP> I don't think they're ever going to prove that men and women are equal. Yeah. We just function differently. <SEP> Right. Right. And uh I'm not capable of lifting what uh a man can lift and you know that type of that type of thing. Yeah. But uh one of the big changes uh they're doing in Salt Lake is uh. <SEP> Right. And they're probably. I'm sure in Dallas since you're big places a lot more women are uh working right out of their home with their P C's or with their lap computers or whatever. Yeah. I I've heard of that. Uh I haven't really talked to anybody that's you know too involved with that. But I mean I think that is a. I think that. <SEP> Like the cottage industry. Is is that what you're talking about women working out of their homes? Right. Yeah. Uh I think it's wonderful. Right. You only have to check in with the office once or twice a week. And. <SEP> Yeah. Course they're talking about uh that we're going to be able to do our grocery shopping and banking and everything like that. Oh I kn-. <SEP> By the phone and all that. So uh it would be kind of exciting in some ways to to see a little bit more of that. And some ways it might be kind of scary. Right. Think anybody could do it. But Anyway. <SEP> Right. Yeah. I wouldn't mind just calling up the grocery store and giving them my order and going an hour later and picking it up. Right. <SEP> Right. But then you know there is the process of selection. Would you have to give them the brand. Right. And uh You know when you shop you usually compare the prices. <SEP> Right. And would be nice though.
sw3537.txt:Okay. What do you think about uh the self insurance business? Well I watched something on T V a couple of months ago by uh General ex uh Surgeon General Koop. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he talked about Canada's system. And it appears to work fine for the normal colds and things like that. But the expensive stuff heart uh operations and things they have a managed scarcity. And they said that in Canada there were as many heart uh trauma centers as there is in San Francisco. So in one city of in America there's as many uh hospitals that are equipped to do hosp- uh heart operations as in the entire area of Canada. And that's kind of spooky. Well I uh I understand what you're saying. And there's probably some truth to that. I think that uh generally I don't welcome added government responsibilities. However when a anybody can't police their own profession it eventually leads to that. And I think the costs and the uh the way the medical profession has every year. I being in my own business uh. In the last six years every year there's been at least minimum twenty-five percent increase in health insurance costs. And I think eventually the number of people that can afford health insurance as as it is now getting squeezed and squeezed tighter. Uh-huh. Uh I think they're asking for it. I I think the medical profession is just just pushing until there's no option but the government take it over. And uh. <SEP> Do you think that it's just uh medical guys? What about you know you know how expensive new equipment and technology is. That's where I think most of the cost is coming. Well I I think a lot of it is uh. I I don't disagree totally with that. But uh my wife this last summer uh when we were on vacation tore up her knee. And uh uh it was lig- ligaments uh in her knee as it turned out uh. Uh-huh. She came back that uh. We were out at Cape Hatteras when this happened. And uh she got home. And the leading orthopedic man who has handled football people for years and is as good as they come. I mean he knows knee problems okay. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean if anyone does this guy knows it. Well she goes in. He says well I think this is what it is. But uh you better go to the hospital and have one of these M R I things. A thousand dollars for this uh oh magnetic uh resonance imaging type thing. And my wife said well do I need that? And he says well uh you know it it'll help me diagnose this. I mean uh you know I I suggest you go have this thing. Insurance won't pick this up unless you're in the hospital. Now a thousand uh uh dollars for thirty-five minutes. Oh great. I mean doctors routinely send people in for anything. Now for years they didn't have this. And they solved these problems. And you know. <SEP> Yeah. I said to her well look you know if you feel you got to go go. But I I think a thousand dollars. These guys. I don't know what it is. But there's no doubt they get kickbacks to fill these machines up night and day. Uh-huh. And even if they cost a hundred two hundred five hundred thousand dollars at uh roughly a thousand dollars every half hour uh that's ridiculous. I I don't care what anyone says. You know the costs are not. It's a picture. It shouldn't cost more than thirty-five bucks for something like that you know reasonableness. But they aren't reasonable. Fifty a hundred dollars. They don't have to pay them back in three months time. <SEP> No. Yeah. I'll have to agree with you there. You know. But there's another problem. And that's the how litigious our society is. If the doctor makes a mistake he can be sure that he's going to be hauled into court. Well I think that should be that that's a another problem. But that's part of our legalese problem. And that the government eventually will address too just you know because it's out of control. I I agree with you. You know uh I was on a jury. Or I I didn't make the jury. But there was a deal where a doctor was going to be sued for malpractice on the death on an infant. <SEP> Uh-huh. Like it was three days after it was born. And he was the one that delivered it. And they got four attorneys. One guy out of Houston he introduced himself as snake so-and-so. And he says well anyone have trouble awarding five million dollars. And I says yeah. I got problems with. I mean you know five million bucks isn't going to bring this kid back you know. I mean as sorrowful as it is. Uh you know if the doctor is wrong you know he should be pulled from his license. But five million dollars and away he goes because insurance pays for it you know. It it doesn't make logical sense to me. But uh. <SEP> No. It doesn't. Uh that's.
sw2247.txt:Okay um. Now the term personal computer uh. I don't happen to have one at home. Um. But I do have a personal computer on my desk here. A type of work station? Yeah. Uh yeah. Just kind of it's kind of a kluge that was pieced together to to uh shall we say bypass the formal procurement process. And uh it it works just fine. It says it's a monochrome monitor Panasonic printer uh no big deal. It it does the things I need for it to do. <SEP> Is it a two eighty-six or three eighty-six base machine? No. It's not even that. It's eighty eighty-eight? Uh I think that's about where it is. <SEP> Okay. Uh what type of uh utilizations do you make of it? Word processing obviously. Uh yeah. I do that. I I do uh some Lotus on it. Uh do some uh Samna some uh P F M uh nothing extremely complex. Okay. Uh I use them both here at work and at home. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I have I B M clones in both cases. Yep. Here at work I have the T I one thousand which is a three eighty-six base mach- machine. Oh yeah. I bet that's a pretty nice setup. <SEP> Yes. It is. Uh unfortunately I need all of it. Yep. Uh for example I was messing around with a spreadsheet this weekend that's a third of a meg in beta size. Wow. <SEP> And that I know that uh brings an eighty eighty-eight machine to its knees because I had taken it over from a friend who was working on it. And he had a two eighty-six machine. Yep. And it brought it to its knees. Just in the ability to handle. Wow. <SEP> And then I have uh a three eighty-six F X a sixteen bit machine at home. Uh-huh. And I'm really pleased with it. Uh-huh. <SEP> It manages to take care of all my home needs in terms of word processing and spreadsheets and uh databases database searches. Sure. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh what I've gotten into more recently are the tools to use them. Have you. Yeah. Yeah. To try to make them more effective and useful. Right. <SEP> Have you been uh struggling along those lines? Well um I seem to always be in the the next to the last generation of word processing software. When everyone was in Samna I was still in P F M. And now that I finally become proficient in Samna everybody's going to WordPerfect. So I can never quite stay current with that. Well I think you will be real pleased to get away from the banana as I used to call it. It's uh. I used it on uh some other machines in days gone by and was real pleased to leave it. It was a real memory hog when you started making large blot changes to it. Uh-huh. <SEP> The. At least the version I had tended to keep copies of that. Of what you were changing and deleting off in memory until all of all of a sudden you got a disc full error. Not a fun thing to try to recover from. Oh. Huh. <SEP> I can bel- I can believe that. Very frustrating. <SEP> Uh but again I've been dealing with large files both data and and otherwise. Uh that was a engineering spec on B two. You come here with the B level of specs? No. Not really. I'm not that up be on that sort of thing. Well it's just a huge file that tries to describe the requirements of what you're trying to build. Uh to one level down from assistant description. Oh okay. <SEP> Oh okay. Okay. Oh well it sounds like you're pretty much into computers. Well I sure need them. Uh there's no way that I could begin to process and keep up with the kinds of information or the magnitude of information that I need to to try to do my job without them. I can believe that. Well it's it's been interesting. <SEP> Yes uh. Maybe you'll play around some and figure out how they can help you do different things. I think that's when you you start deciding that you really need greater assets than you already have. When you start seeing what all they can do for you. Yeah. Of course needs and wants aren't necessarily the same thing. Well I understand that you know. If needs and wants were the same I'd have a four eighty-six machine at home. I wo-. Is is that the newest thing now the four eighty-six? <SEP> Right. That that must be a fairly recent release. Uh that's. Came out around the first of the year. Okay. Okay. Because I I had done capital packages for two eighty-sixes and three eighty-sixes. But I didn't know they had a four eighty-six just yet. <SEP> It does a few more things uh than had been available before. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> But I'm not sure that it's such a massive improvement. Uh you know. Once you get passed thirty-three megahertz all help is kind of lost in the in the translation. Because you no longer can think that fast anyway. Sure. Yeah. <SEP> Well okay. I enjoyed our discussion. I did too. And you have a good day. You do the same. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw2819.txt:Okay. So um how do think how do you think we've changed in the last ten to twenty years? Uh I'm at a little bit of a loss. You know I don't know. Ten years ago. See I'm what I'm about uh twenty-eight now. So when I was eighteen. Uh-huh. <SEP> Things haven't changed a whole lot. Really. People are being a little more oh I don't know a little le- a little less bigoted in some ways. I don't know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Seems to me. Well. I guess I'm like my parents. The younger generation gets away with hell. But uh. Yeah. <SEP> Well it seems to me that civic freedoms are more restricted. But that may just be because I've changed. You know I used to live up north. Down here Dallas seems to me the police are militant. Really. But uh. Where'd you live up. Where'd you live at. <SEP> I lived in Akron Ohio. Oh did you? I'm from Illinois. So. Oh. How long how long you been in Dallas? <SEP> Oh about eight years. Oh really? In fact in the eight years I've been here it seems to me it gets more and more gets to be more and more restrictive place to live. I think. Yeah uh. <SEP> You know uh as you're talking like police and stuff like that it's definitely a tough job to do. Yeah. I think it's. Crime has gone got a lot worse in the last last ten fifteen years. Oh yeah. I agree. <SEP> And maybe that has a lot to do with it. Yeah. I I definitely think that has gotten a lot worse. And you know I I think there's. To me there seems to be a little bit of a decline in the family values. Yeah. That's true. So. <SEP> That's true. But uh. I'd say my own personal lifestyle has improved. Yeah. <SEP> But that's more a matter of. You know I'm no longer a teenager in high school. Yeah. Yeah. I think there's more pressure like on both parents to work and things like that than there used to be. And. <SEP> Hello. Somebody's at the door. So. Hang on just a second. Okay. <SEP> Okay. But uh I don't know. That's just that's one thing I see I see a lot more you know double income families and a lot more like baby sitters raising the kids and things like that I guess. Yeah. That's true. It's getting more and more expensive to live. Yeah. That's for sure. <SEP> You can't you can't make it. Yeah. Without it hardly. That's right. I guess when I was growing up it was it was still the ideal to get a get a home and buy house. And these days you see a lot of people living in apartments forever. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. You know you just don't buy a house. Just because they can't get into one. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. The ways our tax laws and stuff are structured you can't ever catch a break until you can get into a house in a lot of ways. <SEP> Yeah. So. Yeah. That's that's a good point. So I'm trying to think of anything else that's changed over the last ten or twenty years. Yeah. For me it's kind of hard. I don't know. I think. I don't know I think the middle class is shrinking and the uh lower class is expanding. Oh yeah. I agree. <SEP> And sooner or later there's going to there's going to be a turn around. Well I hope so you know at some point. But I don't know at what point. But I think it's going to be at the expense of the middle class uh. Yeah. <SEP> So usually is I think. Yeah. It's uh. <SEP> It's hard for me to say. I hope it happens because I'd be one of those that gets caught. But on the other hand there's a lot of injustice that needs to be be changed. Yeah. That's right. Do you work at T I? Yeah. Do you? <SEP> Yeah. What uh department do you work in? I'm in semiconductor. Are you? I'm in semiconductor division too. <SEP> Yeah. So. How long you been with them since you moved down here? About eight years. Yeah. Um I'm over at the Center One building. <SEP> Yeah. So am I. Are you really. What floor? Two. I'm on the seventh floor. <SEP> Well. How about that. Well it's a small world. So so let's see. Second floor you work with uh linear. Yeah. Do you. Do you uh do you know Alec Morton? <SEP> Yeah. I've probably seen him around. Oh you do huh. Well he comes up and pushes us around. So uh so I'm pretty familiar with. Are you D A D or something up there? Huh? <SEP> Are you D A D or something? Yeah. Yep. You must know him. His reputation precedes him. Yeah. Well seventh floor. Yeah. <SEP> T A D. Well uh he uh boy he comes up there and gives us all kinds of grief. They they say it's what makes him happy is to give us D A D -ers grief. So I can believe it. But. Well. Yeah. Let's see if you've been in Dallas eight years I guess that's about how long. I've been in here about eight years too I guess. Um been with T I like twelve. But I started out in Lubbock. <SEP> Lubbock is. I don't know. I guess if this is the only place you've lived Lubbock is a lot different than Dallas. Yeah. Flat dry and dirty. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. But the people all seem to be a lot more laid back too. I mean here in Dallas everything is just real rush rush. Yeah. I lived in the country for several years. And living in the city is a whole different uh social structure. Oh yeah. <SEP> But uh. Well I got some friends that uh. Seems like he went to school at like DeVry. Is there a DeVry in Akron? I don't even know. Oh. <SEP> I haven't been up there in years. Oh I see. Well he went to school somewhere in Ohio. And he's from that area. And uh he works over in the Park Park Central building I think. But uh I haven't talked to him in a while. But um yeah. He he misses it. He used to go back twice or three times a year you know because he missed it. Sounds like you haven't been back there in a while. No. I haven't been back in fi- ten fifteen years. You still have relatives back there. Or. <SEP> Yeah. I do. I just haven't had a chance to get back. Oh. Catch them next year probably. Really. Well let's see. How how long are we supposed to talk here? <SEP> I don't know. I think we ran out of social social changes to talk about. So. Yeah. Well my kids are probably needing me to go. So. <SEP> Okay. All right. Well it's nice talking to you. Yeah. Talk to you later. <SEP> All righty. Bye. Bye.
sw3047.txt:Do you have children? Uh yes. Yes. I have a daughter. Do you. <SEP> Yeah. How old is she? She's only about uh uh a little less than two years old. Uh I guess you have not reached the stage where you need to uh promote a college or anything huh. <SEP> No. I've got one that's seven and one that's three. So we uh we started saving. But that's all. Yeah. So do you is there are you planning to like encourage your children to go to a particular school? <SEP> Uh no uh um. No particular school. Uh I think that's really a decision th- that. That you are going to let them make. They. Well help them make in terms of you know what they are they are wanting to do. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know that that's a big influence I think and You know what not only what you can afford but what what's going to be best for them in terms of what their career goals are. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> So uh you know you need to go to a school that handles whatever it is you want to do. Yeah. Where did you go to school? Uh University of Mississippi. Oh. Was that local or uh. <SEP> Uh well it was well it was within the state. Uh-huh. But it it was not necessarily local it was. Yeah. But I I mean so what's. <SEP> What's the criterion for choosing to go there? Yeah. Uh well at the time I was uh thinking of going pre med. Uh-huh. <SEP> And in the state uh they had the best pre med uh curriculum for the uh state institutions. Uh-huh. It was choice between there and uh a private college that uh was a bit more expensive. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. At the time we really could not afford it. So I ended up going there although it was quite a drive away for me. Yeah. <SEP> It. Uh I enjoyed it. So you did you commute everyday then. Or. No. Oh okay. <SEP> No. No. It was a six hour drive. Oh okay. When you said it was quite a quite a way away I did not know it that meant you had to drive like an hour. Or. I was uh it was like another world. Uh-huh. <SEP> Basically it was a no it was a. Did not get home that often you know. And at that age it's uh it's kind of kind of difficult sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Especially if you have not been away a lot that extended. Yeah. So did you go there like straight out of high school? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Uh see I did not get my degree until later on. So I just finished mine a couple of years ago. Uh-huh. And uh you know I guess you know when you have to do it that way it makes makes your choices a lot easier. But. <SEP> Uh that's true. Yeah. That that's like you know when I went on to get my my master's I uh basically was you know it was where I was at the time. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> You know I was not going to try to pick and go somewhere else because I was pretty much settled. Right. Right. And I was trying to work. But uh so when you are first going to school that you kind of have the luxury of being able to have some latitude in choosing the place to go. Exactly. <SEP> Yeah. Wh- which group do you work in in T I? Um uh the computer science center. Oh uh where is that at? <SEP> Uh north building. I see. How long do you work for T I? Uh about three years. Did you work somewhere else. Like sounds like you got your master's before here. Or. <SEP> Uh yeah. I have uh uh. No. Actually I mean I came straight from school to here. I see. So cause this was the first first real job after getting my degree. Uh-huh. After your master's or after your. <SEP> After my master's. I see. My undergraduate degree was not in not in what my master's was. I see. <SEP> So I made a career change basically. Uh-huh. I see. Well let's see. I have not you know. There's a lot of pluses and minuses for different schools you know just like you said. Uh depending on what they want to specialize in and what you can afford different things like that. So I I have not really made up my mind you know whether to encourage them to go different places. <SEP> Yeah. Or. One day I would like to uh you know the uh. I I like the school where I went. Uh-huh. <SEP> I mean and I would not hesitate at all to to encourage her to go there there if she wanted to. Right. Right. <SEP> Or the school where I got my master's at which which was a different school. Right. And uh I liked it almost as well. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh but uh you know that I'm not going to hold them to that just because I went there. Right. I you know think that's. Yeah. <SEP> If they want to that's fine but otherwise not. Although I ca- uh would get quite a break on on tuition. Yeah. Um because you went there. <SEP> Yeah. Because they uh allow for uh uh tuition uh break for out of state students who children of alumnae. Um. I didn't know that. <SEP> Well certain schools do it. Yeah. This school does. So uh It's it. Huh. <SEP> I I was involved in some uh oh alumnae recruiting uh here in town uh recently uh well last year. Uh-huh. Uh and it was kind of fun because you are trying to to trying to get people interested in your school you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they were. This was a college night at a at a high school in Richardson. And it was. Uh-huh. And there were a bunch of kids you know and a bunch of schools. There were a hundred schools probably there all competing for the same kids. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's kind of interesting to to to talk up you know your school. Yeah. Your own school. <SEP> And I was surprised by the number of kids that came came by and had heard of you know our school. And and were interested in it. Uh-huh. Um. <SEP> Uh you know we uh. Situations like that you don't realize you know until you start thinking about it the kinds of advantages you school may have over others. Uh-huh. And so I I was real real pleased with that. That worked out so well. Yeah. So did you drum up any interest then. Or Well that's good. <SEP> I think so. I don't know offhand. But uh it seemed like there were quite a few kids that were definitely interested in going there. Uh-huh. <SEP> So there There was one mother who uh came by right even before we started who who obviously was uh very interested in getting her her daughter in or or having gotten her daughter in or something. And that. And she was wanting some more information. But she was her her daughter was uh a a ma- ma- dru- a majorette or something. You know a baton twirler or something. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And she was she was letting us know she how how good her daughter was. <SEP> She had cards printed up actually describing you know business cards describing her daughter's uh you know she had won several different twirling awards and all this. Oh really. Uh-huh. <SEP> And she was had these business cards she was passing out. And it was quite a production. I think some parents go a little bit overboard. Yeah. It sounds like it. Yes. Well you know I think Richardson is probably you know one of the places that would definitely.
sw2761.txt:Okay. What are your suggestions in making a family reunion successful. Have a big family I guess. That's a start. Well I guess so. <SEP> Have you had any in the la- ha-. Well how old are you? Twenty-five. So. Okay. So you ha- you have been to some family reunions perhaps. <SEP> I just got married. Right. Every four years on one side of my family they plan on having uh like my p- grandparents and all their brothers and sisters and then all their kids and grandkids. Now how long in advance do they uh let them know? <SEP> Well we plan on it. It's like the third weekend in August. Uh-huh. So it's every four years. And so. So they all know it. <SEP> Yeah. And then you know arrangements are made like during the Summer for you know um food and who's who's staying where because a lot of people fro- are from down here in Texas. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And uh a lot of my family is in Indiana. That's where I'm originally from. Yes. <SEP> So um we usually meet like at my uncle's cottage in the um at the lake and uh make a couple days of it. Well that sounds like fun. Do they all have the small children too that come? Yeah. Pretty much. So all ages. <SEP> Yeah. And uh you know there's some my age. And then there are some a lot younger an about four generations I guess. Well my husband has uh on one side has an extended family. Uh-huh. And they don't ever plan it li- as like you do. <SEP> Uh-huh. I think if you can count on it every four years then people have it in mind. So they have to start talking about it or getting their act together about six months ahead to get in touch with everybody because they're rather socially active too. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And so it has it seems by doing it about six months ahead they can pretty much get everybody there. If they don't you know they'll say oh we're planning to go so and so that go to to a certain place that weekend with somebody else. And we're already locked in. But six months ahead has seemed to be okay for them. Uh-huh. My family uh my parents are the youngest of very large families. <SEP> Oh. Therefore they don't have many people left. Yeah. And uh the few previous ones I've had uh. I haven't known many of those people. But uh in the last few years it really has just been our immediate family. And that's been very nice. With uh. I have one sister and three brothers. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they're only three out of five of us who have children. Oh. So uh we get to spend a lot of quality time with each other. <SEP> Yeah. And that's kind of nice because my husband's family reunions are so large. Uh-huh. And they don't see each other very often. We don't really know many of them. <SEP> Yeah. That's kind of bad. It really is. They're fun. They're a lot of fun. Yeah. But uh still uh they're not done on a regular basis. And uh you kind of forget what happened and who they were from the time before. <SEP> Yeah. It's it's fun getting together with immediate family. A lot of my cousins are real close. And we always get together during holidays and weddings and stuff like that. So. Uh those are the ones that are in Texas? Uh no. Or you go to Indiana on that? <SEP> The ones in Indiana. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Where in Indiana? Lafayette. Lafayette I don't know where. I used to live in Indianapolis. <SEP> Yeah. It's a little north of Indianapolis about an hour. Yeah. Yeah. It's very pretty country in there I think. It's gorgeous. Uh-huh. So. Well I. Uh when is your next one uh scheduled now. <SEP> Well it's like the last one was my high school graduation. The next one was when I graduated from college. So I guess about two more years. Yes well. And do you think you'll have a baby to take back with you. Uh maybe. I don't know. Maybe. <SEP> Two more years. I don't know. Probably. I mean you need another milestone you know. Yeah. I guess that's that's what. I mean I've been married now for about nine months. So that was another milestone I guess. Yes. Well I'm sure. And ha- then all of your family probably has not met your husband. <SEP> Um yeah. He's from Indiana. Oh is he? So they all met. Yeah. And and he's living you're both living in Sherman. <SEP> Yeah. Do you work to T I? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And does he? <SEP> No. He's trying to get in med school. So. Uh-huh. Well we don't either. But uh I have a friend who uh is working on this project. Oh really. Yes. And. <SEP> Are they getting all the data they need? Well I don't know uh. I I have a hard time getting uh people on the telephone. Oh really. Uh-huh getting through to anybody. Sometimes I call off and on all day. <SEP> Huh. But anyway uh I guess we're supposed to be talking about family reunions aren't we. But I got off that. <SEP> Well we've kind of exhausted everything I guess. Yes. Well um I think we have been talking probably about four and a half minutes. Oh okay. And uh uh we both look forward to going to our next reunions I'm sure. <SEP> Oh yeah. But it has been fun talking to you. Well you too. Thank you. <SEP> And maybe I'll talk to you again. Okay. Good. Okay. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2876.txt:All right. Uh how long have they been recycling there in Virginia? Um actually quite a a a while. Um I've lived here for six years. And can you hold on just a second? Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Hello. Uh-huh. Oh I'm sorry. I must have got the other line cut off. Uh so they've been doing that it for a while now. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh it. I live in an apartment. Uh-huh. And my ap- facilities. There it is. Hold on. Uh-huh. Hello. <SEP> Okay. Sorry about that. Yeah. Okay. You're okay. Yeah. Okay. <SEP> Uh anyhow they have facilities here in my apartment complex for recycling paper only. Uh I've been recycling for maybe about two years now and at ano- ano- another public facility where they have you know recycling of glass uh aluminum and paper. Uh-huh. Now. Have you have you cycled recycled plastic also? <SEP> No. And that's what I I don't understand exactly why they don't have that option. We we have out here uh up until just this last year in on you are town there wasn't any really good way. Uh-huh. They had some bends around that we could find and put them in. <SEP> Uh-huh. But not all that many. It wasn't very well advertised. Uh-huh. But recently uh the refuse department has has uh is working on getting a system going where we will actually have uh a bend that we put things in for recycling these other things. <SEP> Uh-huh. So it it should be good uh. Uh-huh. I think it's a marvelous idea when you think of uh when I just think of the papers that I dump out. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean there just. It's such a. I waste. I just hate to think about it. Yeah. Now an additional thing is uh. Where I work they also have recycling there of uh all white paper and of you know cans also. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I mean a lot of people you know right at the vending machines they have receptacles that you know you can just pop your cans in. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And near the Xerox machines they have places you know for your paper. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know I keep a little box at my desk you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I just throw as I'm using the white paper you know I just throw it right in there. Uh. And then you know they have someone that comes around and pick it up you know every afternoon which you know is an excellent idea at work because I know the amount paper they go through there. Yeah. That's neat. <SEP> Yeah. Because. Yeah. That's right. I guess one of the things I think that needs to happen is we need to be better informed about about it. <SEP> Uh-huh. There's needs to be more public uh service of programs or something that would let us know had a happens to it and helps us to become enthused about it because of what is happening. Yeah. I would agree with that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And there's. <SEP> Right. I've seen a few things but not very much really. Uh-huh. And I I think that's a shame. They need to uh do a little more. I'd like to know for instance when I when they say uh plastic all plastic what kind of plastic can you put all together or is there some reason not to. <SEP> Exactly. Uh-huh. Uh now maybe they just sort it after they get it and throw out what they can't use. I don't know. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I I'd be glad to organize it if that they'd tell me what it is I'm doing because that would that would be really helpful. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. Yeah. I agree with you there. Another thing that I like here which is. I do with. I have to actually go to two different recycling areas because one of them is that uh. Their aluminum cans is for uh Children's Hospital for a burn fund. Uh-huh. <SEP> So all the monies are donated you know for the recycling to Children's Hospital which I think is an excellent idea there you know because the other public. Yeah. Uh-huh. That's great. <SEP> Now that gives you a little bit of incentive there. <SEP> Right. Right. Uh-huh. And before even at work. Before they started the recycling plan which at work they've only been doing since January first of this year I had had everyone in my department recycling. And you know I would have them drop right drop their cans off in my office. Saving them for you uh. <SEP> And then I would haul them you know here to this place for the Children's Hospital Fund which got people really going into it. Uh-huh. I think that's right. <SEP> But. I think I think helping us be more enthu- enthusiastic about it helping us maybe maybe using the money for something special that would be like paying off the national debt. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. That. There you go. Making sure. <SEP> That's for sure. But I I think that's. Right I think they there needs to be a little bit more in the area of of uh ad- advertisement and letting public letting you understand more of what it is you're doing why you're doing it how you're it's done and what what happens to it because I think that's that would help a lot. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I'm sure you know in the near future I would think they would be coming out with more. Yeah. You know I've seen a definite trend you know towards more recycling everywhere you know even at McDonald's you know with their their use of no foam containers anymore. Yeah. I. <SEP> Yeah. Yes. I I'm glad to see some of these things I think. <SEP> Right. I think I think it is getting more you know advertisement. People are becoming more conscience all the time that it's necessary to do and that we need to somehow get away from the fact that we have to have everything individually wrapped. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. And all these things that. <SEP> Right. I think that's true. Well I think. I'm that's about my uh some on recycling. Yeah. But I I enjoyed talking to you. <SEP> Okay. Well I did too. Uh-huh. All right. Bye now. Okay. Bye-bye.
sw2790.txt:All right. What what changes do you think have taken place in the last generation? I guess the biggest one is number of women in the work force. <SEP> Yeah. Few are uh basically staying home and being homemakers and raising kids exclusively. Uh-huh. Yeah. I I I grew up in uh sixties and early seventies. And uh my mom didn't work at all when I was growing up. She didn't start working until I was um well into high school. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I I had the advantage of having a mom at home that nowadays kids it's a luxury item for mothers to be home with their kids. Yeah. True. Well mine taught kindergarten. But she was always uh. I guess her schedule was shorter. So she was always uh home. Always home by the time you got home. Yeah. Yeah. That that statistic I guess has been growing every year. It's like something around sixty sixty-five percent or so now. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh I'm not sure what the future holds for that. Whether. It seems like there's it seems that there's a grass roots um effort or whatever going on. I I um clean houses part-time. Uh-huh. <SEP> And almost all the people that I clean for believe it or not are mothers that don't work. Huh. Um. That's unusual. <SEP> They are th- they're all um. It's and it's I think it's kind of a new movement. It's going back towards you know. Women have come into the work force in the last twenty thirty years. And now they're wanting to go back to the old days where you know women stayed home with the kids you know and try to give the kids quality time. Uh-huh. And I I think that in the future you're I think you're going to see a lot more um women choosing to not work after they have a baby. Yeah. <SEP> Um I think with uh the uh the work force with the the salaries that. A lot of a lot of the women that I work for have husbands who are um vice-presidents of companies. And I think with uh um this it seems like it's more the upper-class people. Uh-huh. Um I don't see it as much the like in my situation where I don't I don't have children yet. But ideally I would like to be able to stay home with my kids. But realistically that's I'm I'm realizing that's probably not going to be possible um for middle-class people to be able to live just on one income. Yeah. That is tough. Yeah. We're looking at that now. My wife's about six months along. <SEP> Uh-huh. I think it's going to be a luxury item to be able to stay home with your kids. Uh-huh. You know it's going to kind of kind of go along with the B M W in the driveway and or in the garage or whatever. True. <SEP> Um and the quarter of a million dollar home or whatever. Yeah. I'm surprised that the main people you work for are women that do stay home. I would think it would be women that were working full-time. Yeah. Believe it or not though the all the women that stay home are real busy when they are home. Huh. <SEP> Um they're real active in volunteer work. Uh-huh. Um one of the women is real active with uh Muscular Dystrophy. And uh does a lot of of work with them on a volunteer basis. But it's still it's almost like a job. She just doesn't get paid for it. Huh. Well I guess that's good that they they've got something to keep them active. <SEP> Yeah. When when your wife has her baby is she going to stay home. Or is she going to go back to work? Yeah. We're we're going to try and have her stay home for as long as possible. What do you think? <SEP> That that that. I would I would like to be able to do that. Yeah. We think it's uh that important. And I I kind of hope that the trend goes back in that direction. I'm a a counselor and a therapist. Uh-huh. And I work with adolescents. And I see some of the problems the kids have when they don't have a real good family structure. <SEP> Yeah. I I see a difference in the generation of even the generation before me uh were you know mom was like um Mrs Cleaver uh you know June Cleaver or whatever. Uh-huh. Where the the attitudes were a lot different. Um as far as I think the kids back then seemed to be a lot more. Um ther- there wasn't a lot of the drugs and alcohol and um a lot of the the things that are going on in today's society. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think morally um it seems like there was peo- people were a lot better back then as far as hig- higher standards. True. Well the husbands' roles are almost nonexistent in family anymore in terms of being the father figure. And with women working so much they're kind of pulled out of it too. Yeah. So kids are raised around their friends and by the media. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. And that's you know that's contributed. And I think I think you're going to see a lot more of that in the future. Yeah. Maybe that's contributed to a lot of the problems that we see all the time. So. If there was some way for for women to to stay home even if they could work you know. There are a lot of jobs that are coming about like in computers at home and those types of things that would at least in some ways um bridge the gap. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I I think that um in the future um the the family unit as it as it once was known is is going to be nonexistent. What how do you what do you think? About? <SEP> That as far as. Do- do you think there's going to be still a family unit. Or or do you think that um the trend is going more towards single parenting? The balance. I don't. The the divorce rate keeps hovering around fifty percent or so. And it got higher than that for a while. Um that's hard to say. Families are such a strange configuration anymore. Um I I see a lot of families where. You know in the in the back. I grew up about the same time you did. Uh-huh. And back in those times we pretty much were taught how to be responsible. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh nowadays it's not the case. Kids don't kids are bombarded with all kinds of junk. And one of the reasons I guess is because there's so much more income in the family with both parents working. They get bombarded with junk. And they don't have to do anything around the house. They never learned to be responsible when. Yeah. The bigger trend called the boomerang kids where they move out for a while. And they come back. And you got twenty and thirty year olds who are living at home with mom and dad. So. <SEP> Yeah. You know you create a bigger bigger family generation after generation but not really on purpose. Yeah. So. It's not not a real functional situation anyway. So you know I don't know it's I don't know that that trend's going to change the single parent type families. And the families as long as we've got so many other crazy things going on in society. <SEP> Yeah. I I think that eventually the the family unit's just not going to even exist anymore. Like you said the divorce rate is getting so high that I think there's going to be more single parent families than there are um you know two parent families. Uh-huh. That's pretty sad. Yeah. It is. I guess unless unless there's a a major swing in the change of what's important to people you know probably keep going downhill. And I I don't know. We we feel like that that we can make it on one income. It it may be tough. But we may have to give up on some some things. <SEP> I I think in the long run though your child will benefit from that. Yeah. And it will it will make the the strain worthwhile. Yeah. I think so too. <SEP> Well I I need to go ahead and and wrap it up. Okay. Um it was really nice talking to you. Well I've enjoyed it Stephanie. <SEP> And uh thanks a lot. Uh-huh. Okay. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2062.txt:Well what d- do you think in terms of uh benefits? Well personally you know I think you know. Of course I'm sure we're familiar with the exact same benefit package. And I think that uh we've probably got one of the best around you know. Besides they tend to offer ad- adequate vacation I guess. And the paid time off is wonderful. And uh one of the things that we were just talking about as a matter of fact this week at work was the CODA Plan that is offered. And I think that is just a a fabulous one. So. I don't know if you participate in that or not. But. Absolutely. <SEP> Isn't it great? It's just a it's just a miracle that how fast that adds up you know. Well I have to agree with that. You know I was thinking about uh importance of benefits and that kind of thing other than salary while I was waiting for uh the system to find a a respondent. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I started thinking that over the years that importance has changed. And I suspect that that's probably true for everyone. Yeah. When I was much younger it was uh less important to consider retirement and less important to consider medical benefits. But as I grow older and my family grows it the medical benefits are more important. And the retirement is more important. <SEP> I had never really thought of it that way. But I guess that's true I guess that's true. I'm still young enough that that uh the vacation's real important to me. And the paid time off is real important to me and and that kind of thing. But uh you know I was just as a matter of fact I just uh celebrated my fifth year at T I the end of last month and uh kind of started looking through the the book because of that you know. Now that I'm a hundred percent vested you know you kind of look through the book and see well what exactly what does that mean and what is the pension all about. And you know when you're when you're you know in your. I'm only in my late twenties now. So you tend not to think about retirement. But uh it's. I guess now is the time to think about it. So. Does T I have a pretty good retirement package do you think? I think they have uh a- one that we need to recognize that we're going to have to supplement ourselves. Yeah. And that's certainly one of the reasons that I'm sure that they've begun the uh CODA Plan. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's certainly a a supplemental way uh. Uh-huh. And I suppose if b- maybe in in your instance if if you're started with T I in your early to mid-twenties and happen to stay with them until you're sixty-five then you'll have a very good retirement plan. <SEP> Right. But I had another career first and then came to T I a little later. Uh-huh. So it's not uh. All by itself it won't be adequate for for my situation. <SEP> It's not going to build up quite enough. Yeah. So I have to find a way to supplement that. <SEP> Yeah. Well they just they seem to make it so easy to save. You know one of the things that we're doing which is probably the worst investment in the world. But I've got money coming out to buy savings bonds just coming straight out of my check. And it's probably not a great investment. But if I wasn't doing that the money wouldn't be being saved anyway you know. I kind of have to trade off you know. If you never see it you don't spend it. So. And it's. I unders- understand though. It. Yeah. Uh believe me I do that myself. <SEP> Do you? Yeah? And I disagree with you. I don't think it's the worst investment in the world. Do you really not? <SEP> I I fr- you know I I debate about whether it's really good or not you know. Well it's in terms of guaranteed return on investment. And maybe you don't start looking for that word guaranteed until later. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Uh it's shown a history that uh sure beats anything else. Over many many years. Yeah. That's true. That's very true. <SEP> We went uh and did a a thing through I B S which is a like a financial consultant type thing here in Dallas. And uh one of the things that we talked about with the counselor there was you know. They work up this whole big you know proposal profile for you that ev- all the things that you need to work on and you need to do. And then one of the things that we talked about with her was you know the need to save for our son's education. We have a two year old you know. And and you know we can't start saving for college when he's sixteen you know. We have to do that now. And and uh they have a way that they can figure you know what you know. And he's two now. In sixteen years when he's ready to go to college this is how much it'll cost you know. And it's just really scary the thought of how much it's going to. It's what it costs now is ridiculous. What it's going to cost sixteen years from now is just really scary. And they sat down and figured up that we needed to save like between fifteen and seventeen hundred dollars a year at a oh you know six percent interest rate to be able to have you know money for his college. And that's exactly what we have coming out in saving bonds is is you know about fifteen hundred dollars a year. So I guess it you know. In that way at least we know that that's taken care of you know. We we can worry about other things. So. I understand that approach. Yeah. That's what that's exactly what's happening in my family. <SEP> Yeah. Is it really? Yeah. Un- except that mine are a little bit older. And and I've shown them the numbers and said this is what's going to be available. All this is going to do is give you a little spending money while you're there. <SEP> Uh-huh. You better make sure that you've got a scholarship. That's right. <SEP> That's right. Well that's what she said to us. She said now do you all want him to go to a a state college or a private college? And and our answer was that you know we will have enough money available for him to attend a state college. And if he wants to go to a private college he can get a scholarship to attend you know. And that was kind of our view on it. It just costs too much. You just can't do it you know. So I don't know. It's it's. I don't uh. It just amazing. It amazes me how much the the costs are going to go up over the next ten or fifteen years. I just don't know how anybody's going to do it. I know. And boy it gets really scary when you start talking to them. Uh I have a an eleven year old daughter now who's saying gee Dad I want to be an allergist. Oh goodness. And I said that's wonderful. I applaud that. Let me explain to you how you get scholarships to do that. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And then her little brother's only two years behind. <SEP> Exactly. And he says well I don't know. I think that I probably want to be a veterinarian. And I said that's great. Let me explain to you how you get scholarships to do that. That's right. <SEP> That's right. Well you know T I you know T I offers some good stuff. And then I think there's I mean I think there's some negatives. But there's going to be some negatives anywhere you know no matter where you go. I have you know all. This is the first really large company I've worked for. I've. Always been involved in little small you know ind- privately owned s- owned firms. And so I've never had the the big benefit package. So I really don't know how to compare it to other big companies you know. It when I came on it was great because I had never had anything even close to what what they offered. So I've been real pleased. Well that's fantastic. Yeah. And on whole o- I would say that they're equal to uh most of our competitors. <SEP> Think so? Uh I can see some some potential changes that probably are are would not cost very much but might uh make things a little easier. Such as offering a a smorgasbord. Having a larger variety of benefits. Uh-huh. But but here's the amount that that T I is going to pay for it. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And you can pick what you want. And yeah. Now it's up to you. It's menu selection so to speak. <SEP> Right. That sounds really good. I read a thing. I don't even remember if it was in the DALLASITE or the INSITE one about uh companies allowing you. And they said that T I was looking into it to purchase extra vacation days. Which I thought sounded like a good idea. You know if you've been there you know under five years and you get two weeks of vacation. But that's really not enough. And you want an extra week then you can purchase an extra week of vacation by saying okay I'm going to want an extra five days this year. And they'll take a set amount out of each paycheck you know. And they're deducting it all along. So you you can have an extra five days off and be paid for them at the time you know. You're really not being paid for them. The money is actually coming out of your own pocket. But it's coming out a little bit at a time instead of all at once you know. So that is kind of an idea that that a lot of people sounded like that they were really interested in. And T I said that they were looking into something like that. So. Well I could certainly personally stand seeing them go to a a standardized compensatory time for overtime. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And I don't believe any of us would have to purchase any extra vacation days if they did that. <SEP> Well. True. <SEP> True. Uh and and I would certainly support something like four to one or five to one. Or or you know maybe they want to get generous and make it three to one. Uh a- as a repayment for every three to five days that I work overtime there they should give me one day. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. But it should be a standard and and not left up to either the whim or the current overhead rate t- uh that's running in each department. Uh-huh. Well. And yeah. And and a lot of that is left up to whoever your supervisor happens to be and what type of relationship you have with that person. And you know I see a lot of differences but from one group to the next you know about who gets it and who doesn't get it you know. But that's and that's that way with a lot of things you know there. It seems like it depends on what what group you happen to be in what what you're going to get and what you're not going to get. So. Well that's for sure. <SEP> Which is the same. But but then it's probably that way anywhere you know. That's. Oh I'm sure personalities always come into play. Uh-huh. Uh just in this size of organization.
sw2433.txt:Well ironically enough I'm sitting here with a cast on my leg because I resumed an aerobics class the night before last. Oh no. I ripped the ligaments in my right ankle. <SEP> Gosh. Yeah. So. Exercise is not supposed to do that to you. That's what the nurses kept saying as they laughed all the way you know down the hallway. Do you do anything on a regular basis? <SEP> Well off and on. Off and on. Right now I've been off. But I've been going over to the fitness center. Yeah. That's a good. Yeah. I My husband's a T I -er in the unit here. Yeah. Three times. <SEP> Well I try to go over there at least three times a week. And I try to walk um at least five times a week. Do you when you go to the. I have to ask you. And if this is getting to. We're not supposed to get too particular. But I'm just curious. When you go over there does it bother you in terms of how things are arranged either at the Dallas location or the Spring Creek in terms of there's so much it's so much of a weight orientation weight lifting et cetera. Yeah. Uh well I've been going to Spring Creek. I haven't been to the Dallas one now in oh a couple of years. Uh-huh. <SEP> At least since they've redone it supposedly redone. So I don't really. Yeah. It- well it's not that great. And I go to the Spring Creek one on and off. But my husband's working over there. And he just goes to the Dallas one. But I just don't. I mean it's just so much weight lifting. Even the Spring Creek one has a lot of weights in it. Yeah. That's true. Or is that what you're into. Or. <SEP> No. No. Well I've used the Nautilus equipment. And the bikes and stair climbers and stuff like that mostly. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> I don't use the free weights. But. I like the tread mill and the stair master myself over there. Yeah. I like those too. And the pool when it gets warmer. <SEP> And the pool. Yeah. That's great. Yeah. I know. Well what I did was I went to a jazzercise class in a new location in Richardson near where we live in North Dallas. And long story short I hadn't. This is really a stupid thing that happened. But they have like the gymnasium flooring. And then like they had about three feet of linoleum around the perimeter in the back where I usually stand in any class like that I go to. <SEP> Uh-huh. Instead of having that level you know they had a chrome strip that wasn't level. Uh-huh. And it was about four inches deep and then about oh a seventy degree angle. <SEP> Oh my goodness. And as we were jumping around or doing something I just jumped up and came right down on it. Um. The orthopedist called it a uh basketball injury where the ankle just rolls under you and it snapped. <SEP> Woo. I know. We went to well whatever in Plano. And the emergency room was like a bad comedy show. And the doctor said you didn't do anything. There's only a one in five hundred chance that the radiologist will call you. That was Tuesday night. And Wednesday night the radiologist called me at work. And uh I was on crutches. And he said I think you better call an orthopedist. So we went to one. And he just put a big old cast on it. <SEP> Put a big cast on it. Yeah. For about four weeks. Four weeks. Yeah. Well I like aerobics. But I'm not so sure that. <SEP> Well not that much though. No. I've never. I was off for about six months too just for some other surgery I'd had. But I've never I'd you know I was pretty much in shape walking. And and you know this is one of those things. Like this orthopedist said he said you'd be surprised how many basket- how many people come in here with things like that because they are active. Yeah. You know I was real embarrassed. But I felt kind of stupid. <SEP> Well those things happen though. Yeah. They do. I mean I guess I'm glad you know that um nobody really noticed. I guess you could say. Yeah. Because I got up and started jumping on it again. <SEP> Well that did a lot of good. I'm sure. Yeah. Really. I enjoy aerobics. And I do it because I like it. I mean I like the music and that kind of stuff. Yeah. <SEP> I like the music. But I've been unable to do that because I hurt my foot about five years ago. I broke my heel. Oh. And uh No. That makes my foot. How'd you do that? In aerobics? <SEP> No. Actually I was up on a ladder and uh fell off. Leaned the wrong way. Oh goodness. Uh-huh. <SEP> And when I came down I hit with my full weight on my foot but on concrete. What'd they do for that? Did they have to cast it? Yeah. They had well they had to go in and do surgery. They put a pin in it. Oh so the aerobics the impact would not be good. <SEP> Yeah. As I permanently damaged the the cushion under my heel the normal cushion that you have there. Oh goodness. Uh-huh. <SEP> I can't do any jumping up and down because it makes it hurt. Oh that makes sense. So I mean are you in terms of other things like like not running but playing a little bit of tennis or can you not do stuff like that at all? Uh well I haven't tried that. I don't know. It's been I bet it's been thirty years since I played tennis. Yeah. It's been. <SEP> Mostly into just walking and stuff like that. That's probably the safer way. Because I notice in aerobics a lot of the women that don't look like they shouldn't be doing certain things. Uh-huh. I'm always afraid they're going to fall over and have a coro coronary. <SEP> Yeah. And there was my ego when I went ahead. And I went oh I can do that. And half the time though I don't jump half as much as. Uh-huh. I mean like I'm real tall. And you know I'm not heavy. But when you go easy a hundred seventy at my height um I'm five eleven you need just take it easy. <SEP> Um. Sure. Um but when I see some wo-. I mean and I just don't think it's healthy. All that pounding all the time. <SEP> It isn't really it's not really good for your knees. So yeah. That's the other reason. And I don't know. This was just I guess something freak that happened to me. Because I wasn't familiar with the. Well the floor was uneven. Oh it was completely. I mean it literally. The two dissimilar floor lev- floor coverings were not level. And at first after it happened I thought maybe that's a handicap access. And then I said no. <SEP> That's just the way it's constructed. Yeah. And my husband being a T I engineer. I said a few things to him when I got home. I said who has engineered that? <SEP> Really. But I. Sounds you like. One thing that I like like swimming you like that a lot? Uh-huh. I like swimming. Uh-huh. Do you like that what that voice said. Do you like to exercise because you want to or because you have to? <SEP> No. I like I liked it because I want to. It makes me feel better. That's how I am. Yeah. Yeah. If I don't do it I just feel like I don't have as much energy. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's real funny because if you you know. It seems like when you exercise and expend the energy that you'd be tired. But it's the other way around. Right. It curbs the appetite and helps with the calories and all that stuff. Yeah. Really. Yeah. But. <SEP> Yeah. And I need all the help I can get. That gravity factor. I know. Uh-huh. It does get you. Like that orthopedist said to me he said don't worry Diane. He says he said uh you're at thirty something. But you're on the upper side. He said that don't worry. He says even if you weren't doing anything your body would start that would start to happen to you. <SEP> Yeah. Thanks a lot. Yeah. Because I was saying to him I said I'm not that heavy. I'm not heavy you know. Maybe ten to fifteen pounds like any other human being. Uh-huh. I said uh why do I feel like I need to start pushing myself more. And he goes human nature. <SEP> And then you know you see these little girls in these little bitty things. And they're all like twenty-one years of age. Uh-huh. But luckily at there's a little more diverse clientele. <SEP> That's true. They do. Except for the guys that lift the weights. They do intimidate. Yeah. I try to go real late or real early before they get there. Yeah. There some things I'd like to try. But you know sometime when I ask I just feel like boy am I stupid or what. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well that's one thing I like about the Spring Creek place. At least the fellow that's there one of the fellows that's there at night and on weekends is real helpful. Uh-huh. And his name is B J. I don't think I've ever I think I've. There was some girl there. I've been there like maybe a dozen times. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I actually like that site better than the other one just because of the type people that go to. Uh-huh. It's terrible. I don't know if the Dallas location. It just seems that. Um sometimes I feel like I'm in a singles bar. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. That's true. And I haven't noticed that up at Spring Creek. No. I haven't either. And I just uh. It's not that far of a drive. And I'm glad they did that. Um you're not missing anything at the Dallas renovated site. It's not at all anything worth talking about. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I thought maybe one of these days I'll drive over there and check it out. Yeah. But if you don't live near there that's not worth. Yeah. I live in Richardson. But it's about half way between the Spring Creek and the the Dallas site. Yeah. That's actually where this happened to me out in I say Plano. But it's all the same to me. Richardson over on Campbell and Park Hill there's a new recreation center. <SEP> Uh-huh. And as we were doing it too everybody noticed that there were all these big guys of assorted nationalities. Walked out. I was one thing. Oh great I have purple tights on you know. Uh-huh. And they're going yes. But in general I like to exer- I I like dance a lot. So I mean aerobics is something I'd hate to give up. But he he kind of said something to me about probably not as bad as your foot. But he just said to me maybe you ought to try bicycling. Or. <SEP> Yeah. You probably will for a while because it's going to be real tender. He told me eight to twelve weeks. Uh-huh. Not anything you know. I said but you're only going to put the cast on for a couple of weeks. He said yeah. But that's just. They tried to put me in some kind of immobilized walker because he doesn't like to put casts on when it's warm. But I just. The more they tried to get my foot in the more I screamed. I couldn't you know adjust that. <SEP> I know what you mean. You know more about this stuff than I do obviously then. Not fun. No. Well you're walking okay now obviously. And you can. <SEP> Oh yeah. I have a slight limp from it. But it matches one if I have one on the other side. Yeah. Well anything else about exercise we can talk about. <SEP> Well other than I need to go. Yeah. Me too. Me too. I need to go actually get something to eat here. It's great though. I really do enjoy it. Okay. Thank you Sandy. <SEP> Sure. Thanks. Uh-huh. Bye-bye.
sw3349.txt:Well what are your hobbies? Well actually my hobbies now are T shirt making. I'm making T shirts and sweat shirts. In fact that's what I was doing when you called. Well that sounds interesting. What kinds of uh sweat shirts and T shirts do you make? <SEP> Um right now I'm making Christmas ones with poinsettias and bears and all that kind of thing. Okay. Is that silk screening or. <SEP> Um no. I'm have material that I cut out. And then you um. There's this stuff called Wonder Under that you un- that you iron it on. And then you iron that on the T shirt and you paint around it. Oh I see. So it's real fun. I started doing it as a um just something fun to do. And now I'm selling them and pretty. Well how's it going? <SEP> Pretty good. I just started last week. And I sold seven. I didn't wasn't expecting that. So. Well that sounds great. I guess in my spare time I'll be making T shirts. So. Well somebody has to do it. <SEP> That's right you know. Give you a little Christmas money any way. That's correct. Well what are your hobbies? Well I I kind of have hobby fads I guess. <SEP> Uh-huh. When I was growing up I was was into coin collecting. And that dropped off about the time I hit puberty I guess. And then my hobbies in high school went just to the sports. Now my latest one is classic cars. I've I had a sixty-six Mustang I was rebuilding. Um. Almost had it done. And I went on went ahead and sold it. <SEP> Oh my gosh. But it was fun. I really enjoyed it. Well how'd you learn to do that to fix them up? Oh you just. <SEP> You just get a book that tells you how to do it or what? No. You just kind of. All I did is uh I bought the car. And then uh you know you can. I uh was just in a supermarket. And I seen a a magazine for you know. Basically it it was called MUSTANG MAGAZINE. And and so I bought it. Uh-huh. And they had uh some names some companies that sold mustang parts. And I just started ordering some parts. And and you know basically you know I what I did was I redid the whole interior. I didn't do too much to the engine because the engine was pretty good but the the whole interior and then part of the exterior. Just kind of do it. <SEP> Where'd you get the car? Well we lived we lived in South Dakota. And I bought it up there before I moved down here. Wow. So it was it was kind of rusted out there. There isn't too much rust on any vehicles down here. <SEP> Well that's true. That's true. Well that sounds neat. Well gee I guess there really isn't too much to talk about on hobbies. Let's see. That that about covers mine. And T shirt making about covers yours. <SEP> Well let's see. I've done other hobbies. I'm a hobby person. I've always done a lot of craft stuff. I always have done needlepoint and cross stitch and all that. And I collect dolls. I have a huge collection of dolls which is still in New Mexico with my parents. In New Mexico? Uh-huh. From New Mexico. Okay. <SEP> So. Let's see. What else? I started collecting music boxes. I guess that's a hobby. Yeah. That is. So. That's interesting. How many music boxes do you have? <SEP> Probably o- uh about twenty. Do they all play different songs. Uh-huh. Or do some of them play the same song? <SEP> They they all play different songs. Well that's neat. What's the most expensive one you bought? The most expensive. I don't know. I've gotten all of them for gifts. I don't. Oh really. <SEP> Bought a few of them. I usually get them for Christmas gifts or and like when people go you know to on trips or something. Well that's interesting. It used to be tea spoons was the thing. That's true. I never collected those never collected those. Well that's interesting music boxes. <SEP> I have dolls from all over too. That I started when I was a little girl. And I have a lot of dolls. People would always bring them when they go to the countries. And um and I did that when I went to Europe one summer. I bought a doll everywhere we went. So. Well how was Europe? <SEP> Economy. It was great. It was quick. I was in I was in high school. And I was in a tour. And we went all. It's kind of a it's kind of to establish better rapport with the different countries. And um it was called People to People. And we'd stay in people's homes. And then we got to also tour big cities. And I really enjoyed it. Was that in high school. Uh-huh. Or was that a college thing? <SEP> In was in high school. So I'd like to go back because we had you know. Everything was rushed. I bet. Everything was like an hour or two hours at the Louvre you know things like that where you need the whole day. But but it really. Right. <SEP> That's where a camcorder would come in handy. Exactly. That's true. Well that sounds real neat. So you you haven't been back to Europe since then huh? <SEP> No. I always thought I would. But who knows now. I got married and maybe some day. Maybe it's one of those retirement things. There you go. Well does you husband uh. What does he think of your uh T shirts and. Well he likes it all right. He's been pretty good because there's T shirt stuff all over the house. Does he help out much. Or.
sw2539.txt:Okay. Okay. Now when you baby-sit what age group children do you sit with? Well gosh. All kinds um. Mostly between the ages of two and ten. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um last like a few summers ago I kept two children every day for the entire summer. And I mean they became like my children. I'd think so. And um and they live in an apartment complex. So we swam a lot. And we played on the playground a lot. And then we would go to a movie on Thursdays. And um there was always an activity. You know they had their favorite T V shows and things like that that we watched. And then we took naps. And um I don't know. It it just seems like there was always something to do. Children are so full of energy. <SEP> Uh-huh. And oh they were they just the- they just keep you going. Now was this a one parent or two parent family? Uh one parent. <SEP> One parent. Yeah. She's just. How much time did she spend with them? Not much at all. I mean I would get there at eight o'clock in the morning. The children usually weren't awake by then. And she would get home at like five thirty in the afternoon. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they would have dinner. And then it was time for them to go to bed. Uh-huh. Um now at this particular time the children were two and six. But then I also. I've been baby-sitting this child uh for about eight years. He's nine now. And um you know I've watched him grow up. And he's like a little brother to me. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's changed over the over the years um. We get along a lot better now that he's older. Uh-huh. And uh we do different things now. We used to play ball a lot. But now it's he likes to watch T V. And he's into wrestling. And um I kept him on Friday night. We went sh- we went to go see a movie and um things like that. But I feel like I don't know when I have children I want to be able to spend a lot of time with them. <SEP> Yeah. You say your you go to school? Uh-huh. I go to L S U. And what are you studying? Uh communications. <SEP> Well sounds like you're getting a lot of experience in communicating with children. Oh yeah. I mean I love children. Uh-huh. Um I don't know. Seem when I was growing up my Mom stayed at home with me and my brother until we were in junior high. And I don't. It would I think it was very beneficial to us. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean like in the summer we were always in the library programs reading books. And we went skating a lot. And you know she was just always there for us. But nowadays if there are two parents to a family the mother works just as hard as the father does. And the children either stay at home and get into trouble. Or they're stuck in a day care. And I just I just don't want my children to have to be raised like that. All my friends they their parents worked all the time. They got to stay at home by themselves. And when I was younger I thought they were lucky because they got to get away with things like I couldn't ride my bike across the street but they could because their Mom would never know it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. But now I realize that it was better because um they have got into a lot of trouble because of lack of supervision. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well that that certainly can happen now if. You you say you're in communications. Uh-huh. Uh what base of communications would you be most interested in getting in to? Well I'm majoring in uh public relations. <SEP> Public relations. So so you would have a job with a company? Rather than uh radio or television or newspapers or what have you. Yeah. Yes ma'am. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And uh then you'd be willing to give up your job to stay home and with or stay with the children? Well I would like to uh stay at home with my children for at least the first five years. Uh-huh. But what what I plan to do in the future is um go ahead and get my upper education as far as my masters and work on my doctorate and teach um college. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And in that case then I'll be I'll be at home when my children are at home. But I'd like to stay at home with them until they get in at least into kindergarten where they're at school from what eight to three or something. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then I would be at my school teaching. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And um. Well that that's uh is an advantage of being in the education field. I spent thirty-four years in education. Oh really? <SEP> Yes. And so. What grade? Oh I started out with college and then went to high school. And then I preferred the high school age level much better than I did the college because you have a closer relationship with the uh students that. Oh did you? <SEP> What did you teach? I taught physical education. Oh oh I started out as a P E major in education. <SEP> Uh-huh. I wanted to be a P E teacher. Well. I sure did. <SEP> I uh I found that uh it was a perfect combination from the standpoint of having vacations off at the same time. Oh yeah. And uh and it worked out fine from that standpoint uh plus the fact that uh when I left uh. Usually uh my husband was seldom home for maybe forty-five minutes or so. And then our son he had to get on the bus. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he did get on the bus. It was his responsibility. And he never ever thought of uh not going to school he said in view of the fact that he was certain I had a hot line to his school. Because uh I uh. Absolutely. <SEP> Well I I was in physical education then. And I just kept getting pushed into administration. Wound up in administration. And so he thought surely that I or I would have bought a hot line to know if he ever skipped school which of course was not the case. Oh. <SEP> And I wouldn't have checked on him. However uh there are there are points both directions in that uh from the standpoint of parents working and not working. Yeah. Uh I listened to more than one parent say I don't know what this child wants. I'm working two jobs. They each have their own television. They each have their own telephone. They each have their own rooms. They each have this. They each have that. I'd say but what they don't have is you. That's right. They need some attention. <SEP> Absolutely. And uh I think out. Because that is the way of getting attention. Well see whenever my Mom stayed home with us we did without a lot. I mean we were. It's hard to make it on one income. That's right. But we did. And and we lived in a trailer for eighteen years. <SEP> Huh. And um you know we we only had one car. We only had one telephone you know. Uh-huh. We didn't get to eat out all the time. But I I feel like that it helped me now because I appreciate the value of the dollar. <SEP> Right. And um I also had the supervision that I needed while I was growing up. And I hope that I can provide that for my child too. And we certainly uh we need more of that. We need more parents willing to supervise. Though we've had such a breakdown in the family structure from the standpoint of of uh church and school and everything along the way. Oh we have. <SEP> And that I think has contributed much to uh the delinquency that works grant and the poor school results that we're having. Uh that the students' uh parents have just not really taken enough interest in them from the very very beginning. And I think my feeling was that the very best teachers should be in grades one two and three. To get the students off to a good start let them have positive um uh experiences from the lower levels so they want to continue learning and uh keep going and not wait until they're they're in the ninth and tenth grades. Uh-huh. It's too late then. You can not reverse that trend at that point. It is. <SEP> It's way too late. Right. I agree. <SEP> And uh while parents very often will be involved with the school activities when the child's in the elementary school. And they get into the high schools so often they seem to drop away at that point. And that is just as valuable at that time as to the rush in the elementary. It is. Because all the peer pressure it starts in high school. <SEP> Yes. Right. And the parent really needs to be there for the child. Right. And uh the child needs to take pride in the fact that their parent is doing something. Uh we were fortunate in view of the fact that my son did play football. And I did keep statistics for his team. And his Dad did take movies of the football team and movies of the basketball team. Oh great. <SEP> And we tried to be a part of it but not overshadowing him or making him feel that we had to be there all the time. Yeah. So wh- I feel that I learned a great deal from my students uh with regard to what their biggest complaints were with parents. And a thing such as uh. One of the biggest complaints I well remember because I spent a lot of time with seniors uh was um carrying their. <SEP> When I was your age I didn't have this or that. Uh-huh. And I know I never ever said that because I knew that that was one thing that was really irritating to young people. Well I guess that was good that you were you were hearing it from other students. <SEP> Yes. And I had to deal with their problems. And I could talk about the kinds of problems which they were bringing that they had just in general aspect. And our son would share this. And then he would have to make decisions for himself along those same types of of uh lines. So that I think he benefited from my experiences. Well um. Does your son work for T I? <SEP> No. Oh. No. He uh works uh for a different company. Yeah. In the Dallas area. But when he went away to coll-. And he was on the lawns from the time he was in the seventh grade and uh a small and all the way through college. And he held three jobs. Wally was in college. And we didn't even know it. Oh goodness. <SEP> He didn't even tell us. Uh that he had three jobs. But when he graduated he had a five thousand dollar bank account. And uh we had told him that if he ever wanted to go to college he could go. If he got married he was on his own. If he flunked out he was on his own.
sw2362.txt:I I I assume you have kids. Uh we have one. She's only nine months old. Oh well she she doesn't have to worry about public schools yet. <SEP> Right. Well my degree is in teaching. So. Yeah. Well we have a little bit of a basis for conversation. I was a substitute teacher for about a year. <SEP> Oh really. Yeah. I uh thought I wanted to be a teacher. So but before I went through all of that I wanted to see how I was going to like it. Uh-huh. And and they uh. In Alabama where I came from they they allow you to substitute if you got a four year degree. So I went out and played substitute for a while and decided nope not for me. <SEP> Did you teach in all subjects or in all grade levels. Or. Yeah. It was. I just took grades one through six. Uh-huh. I thought I was going to be smart and get the good kids wrong. <SEP> Well my degree was in fourth through seventh grade. But I taught junior high. And I expected it to be a lot of trouble. But it wasn't that bad. I taught remedial reading kids. Um. <SEP> And well they don't call it remedial reading these days they call it something else. Yeah. But but anyway at the time that's what I taught. And um you kind of group your behavioral problems together that way when you have your slow readers. Uh-huh. <SEP> But it it wasn't too bad. We we got long real well. Well I I sometimes wonder if I didn't mess up. I maybe should have taken the higher grades because at least you can if you have to you can get mean with them. Those little kids don't understand it. <SEP> Yeah. I. Especially with the real young ones. I started out wanting to teach ele- lower like primary and then top primary and thought well no I don't like this as much and ended up moving up and got up until about the sixth. And so that's what I got my certification in. Uh-huh. But I had decided long before I was even married that I wanted to if possible teach my kids at home and not put them in the public schools. Yeah. <SEP> Um and my reason for that was I don't like the uh what's the right word. The varied inappropriate influences that you find so much in the public schools. Well that's a nice way of putting it. <SEP> You can find a lot of good public schools if you if you look real hard. But I don't think they could cover everything that you could teach your children on an individual basis. Exact- exactly. And too most people don't have that option. <SEP> Yeah. You know. And plus it also depends on the district you're in as I mean on the. I've seen some districts where all the schools are lousy it doesn't matter what you do. Uh accept for the private ones of course we're talking about public. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. I don't know. Back when I was going to school uh you just didn't get away with the things these kids get away with now. Uh-huh. I mean you you pulled stunts like that and you were down at the principal's office and uh usually bending over to get five of the best. <SEP> Yeah. Um but now nowadays they can't even they can barely scold the children for something you know without getting sued. And the the um the crime is just escalated and the drugs and even in the the the lower the lower schools. Oh yeah. <SEP> Well the thing that really did it for me I was subbing in a fifth grade class. And uh this kid comes to school with his lunch box. And inside this lunch box he he's got easily two I'd say two hundred to two hundred and fifty dollars in one dollar bills. Um. And I asked him uh what are you doing with that? And he says `` My father gave it to me. ''. And I didn't believe it for a minute. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um so uh but uh you know the. Not a lot I could do about it. Right. Can't stop the kid from bringing money to school if he wants. <SEP> Crazy for him to. But. Well I have. I I I've full-. I think I understood what the what the kid was doing he was a uh. Well let's just say he was one of th- those types that you wouldn't doubt that he was selling something. Uh-huh. Yeah. But not a lot I could do about it. <SEP> Well we had the problem when I was in. With teaching um. I was eighth and ninth graders that I worked with. And if we did have a a student come in and they were drunk or they were on something you had the option of calling the police and have them taken out of the schools or trying to teach them something while they were there. Uh-huh. And you don't know if you were reaching them or not. But we felt like you know maybe just going ahead and try to teaching them was bet- trying to teach them was better than have them taken out. Yeah. Because uh uh that just. That doesn't do a lot for them. I mean it alleviates your problem. <SEP> Yeah. But it doesn't do anything for them. Right. Uh most the time if they were they were. Some of them were even better behaved. I've only had two instances where I cou- it was really noticeable. But they were better behaved when they were um. I don't know if was alcohol or something else that they were on. But it ended up better. But. Uh I don't know. Guns and. I don't know. It's something. <SEP> I think there's a problem too with teachers trying to um to be so versatile that they do loose sight of the basics you know. They've been a big drive in especially in the seventies to return back to the basics. Uh-huh. And uh and I'm not completely just you know just teach the basics in schools. But I think there does need to be a reemphasis of those because of our our lower grades in the standardized test and such. Oh yeah. <SEP> Oh sure. I mean i- i- it's indicative across the board that we we've done something wrong. Right. And when you see uh Koreans and Chinese and Japanese who are taking all the uh science jobs all the engineering jobs all the mathematical jobs. And you know here we are. We can't we can't balance a checkbook without a calculator. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um I don't know. Well I spent a year and a half in Japan also. And I've seen how their school system works. And I. They go by a complete rote system. You just memorize everything. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then at the end of the of a certain time period you spitted everything back out. And the better the memorizer you are the better your grades are going to be. Yeah. So I don't completely agree with that either. No. <SEP> But there there definitely needs to be a balance somewhere. Yeah. That's that's a great deal what law school's like. <SEP> Oh is it? Yeah. Is that what you ended up going into? Yeah. <SEP> Oh. And uh I did the same sort of thing. They just. You sit there and read hundreds and hundreds of cases. And then you get one examine for the whole semester. Uh-huh. And it's how well you can remember it all. <SEP> How how much can you stuff in your brain. Yeah. And I found that a particularly useless way of studying. Yeah. I never did. I always tried to understand things not tried to memorize. <SEP> Uh-huh. And consequently some of the very best students were had excellent memories. But they couldn't put two and two together as far as the law was concerned. Yeah. So. <SEP> Yeah. It didn't show me anything. A year and a half I gave it up. I wasn't really wa-. I didn't want to be a lawyer anyway just wanted the degree. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. So. Yeah. Well. <SEP> Well. I don't know. What can we do about it? Goo- good question. <SEP> Probably. Money Money is not the answer. Taking. <SEP> No. There's plenty of money in the system. Yeah. It's just. Yeah. I mean the- they're throwing more money at it now than ever before. And things are getting worse. <SEP> I think it's like a lot of things in the in the United States. We've got so much built up in um in the in the uh bureaucracy and in the politics of it. Uh-huh. And in the the power plays that it needs to be pulled down and started over again. And there's no way that that can be done. Uh-huh. <SEP> Not without wiping out a whole generation of of kids in the school system. Yeah. So. Yeah. <SEP> Maybe on smaller smaller scales. Well I don't know. I uh. As much as I didn't like school when I was going through it from my perspective now I can see that it's a lot better than what we have now. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I think part of it is that they've got to give authority back to the local school. Yeah. You know I mean it's it's silly that these that these people are handcuffed when it comes to discipline. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right into the classroom it needs to be be able to be enforced. Yeah. Exactly. <SEP> I mean I I mean teachers are so afraid now of even saying something to students because they're going get they're going to get complaints or they're going to get sued or something. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's like doctors in lawsuits. Oh yeah. You know they're kind of fearful of everything. <SEP> Well lawyers help create that. That's that's. Well at least I've heard that. I I I haven't fortunately been in a situation where it's been applicable to me. <SEP> But Uh-huh. Well I think I think I I mean what we've turned the school schools into now are just day-care centers. You know somebody. Okay. We're going to send our kid here for seven or eight hours a day. And he's out of our hair. <SEP> Right. And the other part of it is parents have quit becoming parents. Uh-huh. You know they're just. <SEP> Oh yeah. It has to be reinforced in the home. Oh sure. I I. You you can you can have the best school system in the world if you don't get any- anything at home then it's it's not going to help either. Yeah. <SEP> Right. So I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what the answer is. Uh-huh. It's an interesting interesting thing you want to do. I. How is Texas about keeping your children out of public schools. Do they allow it? <SEP> Yeah. They allow it under certain circumstances. You have to to prove that you're teaching them something. You have to follow a preferred curriculum. Uh-huh. Um they try to encourage you to follow a specific curriculum although you don't have to. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then if you have particular religious beliefs they have to be they're kind of monitored. You know they they will allow you to. I can't think of any examples. But certain religious groups don't want their children in public schools because the influence. And maybe they were a group of Mennonites or something like that. Uh-huh. I don't think they're were in this area. But um they they are monitored by the um by the State School Board. Um. <SEP> So. That's interesting. I remembering reading a few cases about that when it when some people first tried that and they got sued. Got taken to court by the school system. Uh-huh. I'm glad the parents won. I mean it seems silly that um we started. That's that's the way you got your education in this country. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then um.
sw3049.txt:What was one of the latest ones that you've seen actually? Oh I gue- I think we rented PRETTY WOMAN a couple weeks months ago. Uh. <SEP> Right. The last two years I have done more theater movie going than I have actually watched videos at home. I've uh uh become available to come and go more often. Uh-huh. So I said `` hey it's worth it. I'll just go at the matinee hour. And I can see what I please. ''. <SEP> Yeah. It's no more costly than renting one. The last. See I went about two or three weeks ago and saw F X TWO. And that is a really good movie if you like special effects. Kind of gory and lots of you know action. Uh-huh. <SEP> I have not done that one. I don't know if I have even heard of that one. Um do you know that I don't follow performers. Oh. I don't follow actors. Some I know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Some I don't. Yeah. Uh and he was. The guy the guy that played in it he was not the star but the one that played in it that I liked best was the one who was in uh oh the one about the old people. <SEP> COCOON? COCOON. Uh-huh. Okay. He was a blond haired heavyset alien in COCOON. <SEP> Oh okay. I don't I don't know what his name is. Uh I think I know who you are talking about though. Yeah. At any rate I also saw not long ago ONCE AROUND. That was with Richard Dreyfuss. <SEP> Okay. And that one was just a very poignant story. It it it had people. It was it was you know a lot of people said it was a really funny movie. But it was a very it was a poignant humor. Uh-huh. And there was it was like uh uh STEEL MAGNOLIAS. The characters played very well off one another. <SEP> Uh-huh. And there was humor involved. But the story was a very dramatic story. And I enjoyed it very much. What are some others that you have seen lately? Oh I'm trying to think uh. Just the other night on H B O we watched THE HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER again. Oh whoa. Yes. <SEP> And that's one that. That's one I can watch over and over and over again. Yeah. <SEP> I was going to read while it was on. But then when it started I just couldn't you know read. That was a really good movie. It sure was. And you know the second time you see it you understand more subtleties in it. There are a number of good movies like that. Yeah. There's quite a few uh movies out now that I would like to go see. My husband is not a real big movie goer. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I guess more than anything that is why we don't go. Yeah. <SEP> Plus by the time you get a baby-sitter and then pay to go to the movies it just gets pretty expensive. Uh-huh. Right. You don't work? <SEP> No. I stay at home. Okay. Well you are going to have to find a mother's day out and have him call in sick one day. Yeah. Go during the day. That's right. That's right. There's nothing wrong with that. Go in the early hours. It's a matinee. It's not crowded. And the price is as reasonable as renting a video. <SEP> Yeah. And that's the way I do it. And I go quite frequently. Uh-huh. If you are going to be planning on doing that. Now I was WARLOCK too which is supposed to be the story of a uh witch hunt that is you know magically shot into the present time. <SEP> Uh-huh. And the first five minutes or ten minutes of the movie was I was very well persuaded to walk out. Very well persuaded. There was more gore than I was interested in seeing. Uh-huh. But as the movie settles down to a comfortable action uh I can't really that it would have gotten more than a star and a half from me either. But uh the action was comfortable. <SEP> Yeah. And of course I enjoyed those good guy bad guy type conflicts things. So I enjoyed that movie after the first few minutes of gore. And there were some others. But they were done a little more tastefully. Yeah. But uh in the first scene the warlock chopped off a guy's finger because he wanted the ring and then bit his tongue out and spit it off in the omelet. <SEP> Uh. And I could not handle that. I said `` whoa I'm glad I have not had dinner''. Then uh I saw AWAKENING. That's a wonderful wonderful job by Robin Williams and Peter De Niro. I uh I uh. Robert De Niro? Robert De Niro. What did I say Peter? <SEP> I think you said Peter. I said Robert De Niro. Yeah. And he has done a really good job of characterizing the uh disabled person. <SEP> Uh-huh. And of course Robin Williams always just has a an air about him that you can't help but enjoy what he is doing. Even when he's sad you know you great faith that he will get happy again. Uh-huh. And then oh let's see there's a couple or three that I would like to go see before they go into videos. I guess I can wait another month. And they will be videos. <SEP> Yeah. One is SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. I've heard a lot about that one. They say if you really want to be uh you really want some suspense that's the one to see. And I understand that's a sequel to an earlier movie that showed about two weeks ago on television. Uh. Well you know I think I read about that too. Uh-huh. And then THELMA AND LOUISE. I think it's time we had a lady abuse the guys movie. It's about time for one of those. I want to go see that. <SEP> Yeah. And I'm going to try to get in DANCES WITH WOLVES. Oh you haven't. I've heard that is wonderful. Uh-huh. I've heard it's wonderful too. But I it's just that they are both very long uh movies. <SEP> Yeah. And the matinee starts before I can get away from work. Oh. And after after that I get involved in other things and don't want to don't want to go back. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I've heard that's. We uh we uh rented the other one. I was trying to think of the other one that we had rented lately uh was PRESUMED INNOCENT with uh Harrison Ford. I guess he's in there. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I thought that was really good. You know I saw that. And I really I can not remember too much about it. It was the one where he was a defense. Uh not defense. He was a prosecu- -cuter. Uh-huh. <SEP> And there was a murder of one of the women that was in the the D A - 's office. Uh-huh. And then he ended up being accused of it. Oh that's right. I remember now. Yeah. I remember. <SEP> Yeah. So I mean it really kind of had a turn at the end when you found out who it was. Uh-huh. Well I've had a hard time enjoying Harrison Ford in anything since the Indiana Jones movies. I think he ought to stay Indiana Jones. I realize that he would like his career to develop. But I don't want to see him in other things. But uh I tell you Sean Connery in the HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER. I I never did care for him as in the James Bond movies. I don't know. He was too. I was never into those movies either. Yeah. I didn't care for the type of movie. But he was always slick and greasy and seemed to be conceited and had more women than he needed. And I didn't like him. But he has really developed into a marvelous character actor as he has come older. <SEP> Yeah. I thought he looked real good with a beard too. Oh yeah. Yeah. He does. And there is just a there's a. I don't know uh. I think that beard gives him a look that he is always grinning whether he is or not. Yeah. And he he has that merry look about his eyes that looks like he stays in mischief all time. And I enjoy those. And I enjoy some of the Michael J. Fox movies. I didn't care too much for the last one either. It just was not enough to it. <SEP> What was the last one? I'm trying to think. Uh. Uh the last. Like BACK TO THE FUTURE then was the last one. No. No. No. It was called uh HARD WAY where he was an actor trying to portray trying to portray portray a policeman. <SEP> Oh okay. Trying to Yeah. And that.
sw2492.txt:What kind of lawn and garden work do you do? Well right now the place where I'm living the yard was basically neglected for about the last twenty-five years. So I've been trying to rebuild and reestablish the entire lawn. And after three years of working at it I've I've been amazed at just what a little bit of doing help out things to the lawn has really brought it back. Instead of mowing in the same direction every time changing one day you'll or one time you'll cut it cut the lawn the long way then you'll go the opposite way instead of going lengthways you go width. And it helps the grass come back. Oh does it really? I didn't know that. Did um you've been working on it for three years? <SEP> Thr- f- for three years. Really? What have you done? Killing lots of fire ants. <SEP> I was firmly convinced the entire front yard was nothing but one gigantic ant mound. Uh-huh. <SEP> Because it was like you could you couldn't even stand still out there. You know I can barely hear you. Is this better? Yeah. A little bit yeah. <SEP> It was like you'd go out in the yard to water something you'd just be standing still. Uh-huh. And the ants would start crawling up your legs. It's like I'm not standing in a mound though. Oh wow. How did you get rid of them? <SEP> Uh Dursban Two. Pardon? A chemical called Dursban Two. Oh Dursban Two. <SEP> It's a crystal. Yeah. Dursban will get rid of just about anything I think. But um so you haven't had a problem with that since? Um not bad. Every once in a while you'll have a mound pop up. Yeah. <SEP> But that's gon- to be expected. What else did it did it kill anything else it wasn't supposed to? Um. Not really. <SEP> As far as I can tell it hasn't killed anything it wasn't supposed to. Even the area of the grass that was underneath and around the mounds it didn't kill it. Yeah. Really? Well that's pretty wild. Yeah. We used it for fleas. We had fleas in our yard real bad last year. And we did that um. I just I'm not. Basically I like to mow the lawn believe it or not. But I sometimes have problems starting the mower. So a lot of times I won't get out and do it. But my husband basically does most of it. And he does the you know edging and all that kind of thing. And we're renting. And so we don't really put a lot of money into the uh you know like. This lawn could probably stand a couple of loads of dirt and some Saint Augustine. We just we have winter rye out back. And we have. I don't even know what it is out front. But um we this is the first house we've ever lived in. And we're just not real into the lawn probably because we're renting I guess huh? So it anyway. <SEP> Well. You said you had problems with fleas last year in the yard? Right. Uh-huh. We were getting. <SEP> Uh I found one thing that it's kind of a weird thing to say to put out on the lawn. But every time I've done it it's got- it it drives the fleas completely out of the area. What? <SEP> Powdered sulphur. Oh really? Hm I wonder why it does? You you don't have to put a whole lot out. Just if you've got a broadcast spreader I think it comes in a forty-pound bag. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it's real fine like flour. Uh-huh. And you just go out and do the entire yard. Yeah. <SEP> And you I mean you don't have to put clumps of it. Just very lightly cover the entire yard. Really? Well I'll have to remember that because hopefully we won't have them this year. But we have a cat that comes in and out. And the cat was getting um fleas and stuff and bringing them in the house. So we had a real problem last year with fleas. And uh it was quite a drag because um we got them in our house. And we're Christians. And we prayed that we could get rid of these fleas. And we got rid of them believe it or not with smoke bombs which is just about impossible to do. But we did. And so we don't want them back this year you know? So I'll remember that if we see it's a problem in the yard. We're almost. They were so bad last year even ticks. I don't know. We've had ticks before a lot. And we've had to get out and treat our lawn for that. I think we used Dursban for the we used Dursban and Diazinon and get out there and do what you do with that thing you know and spread it all out everywhere. But that's about the extent of our lawn care. So I don't know. Do you enjoy doing it? Oh I love it. My wife can't understand. It'd be a hundred degrees outside I'll be out there. But it's too hot to be working in the yard. <SEP> I'm under the trees. I'm having fun. And I'm stopping to drink water. So what's the problem? Yeah. Well that's well that's funny. Yeah. Not everybody enjoys it though. Everybody has a different thing. I kind of enjoy it. And my husband doesn't. I kind of have to. Sometimes I'm too busy to get out there and do it. And he you know he doesn't really enjoy doing it. But he'll do it. And he doesn't gripe about it or anything. But you know I'm kind of like you. And he's kind of like your wife. I mean you know in that he doesn't really enjoy it. But I would like to have a garden you know. That's my thing. But right now where we're living we have the trees where their uh roots are at the top of the ground everywhere over the ground. I don't know what kind of trees they are. But you can't have a garden. You can't till it. Or it'll it'll tear up a nice tiller. So we're going to wait until we move. We don't have a lot of sun either because it's big trees back there. So we're going to wait. And when we move that's one of our priorities is to get a house where we can have a uh garden. And so I'd like to do that. I have a feeling I'll be out there all the time taking care of that. But that's our next thing. Do you have a garden? I've got the. This is the neat thing about the place we ended up at. Sitting on about a two acre lot now. Uh-huh. <SEP> And half of it's. The back half is my garden. Oh are you kidding? That sounds fun. Where do you all live? Uh in Missouri City. Oh really. Wh-. <SEP> Southwest southwest side of Houston. Southwest where? Southwest Houston. Oh really? Oh because we're in Dallas. I guess I assumed you were here. Well that's neat. And um yeah. That's what we want. We have a. Yeah. That's really what we want. But we just haven't been able to do that yet. So one day we'll be able to do it. And I'm excited about it. And then I don't know anything about it. I have to learn. And then you'll have to give me a call on gardening. <SEP> What do you do in your garden. And I'll go nothing. What should I do? But anyway I guess that's about it though. It sounds like we've covered all the bases. So I guess we'll let you go. And um do you have anything else you wanted to say? Uh no. It's just I've had an en- very enjoyable conversation with you. Okay. <SEP> I know you too. I hope you have a nice day. And we'll talk to you later. Okay. You too. <SEP> Okay. Bye. Bye.
sw3083.txt:Okay. What do you think is the biggest problem? The biggest problem well like in this part of town seems to be the attitude and the atmosphere in the schools that uh you know you can throw money at it. Uh-huh. <SEP> But it's. I don't know. To me it seems like the schools are reflecting society in a bigger way you know because I mean the general values that we're teaching kind of conflict with what we expect out of people in school I mean. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Is it the do you think it's the values that they're teaching in school or the values they get from home. Uh well the values more or less at home and the T V just a general. I mean learning is not a revered endeavor really. I mean it's a lot more. It's socially well I won't say socially unacceptable. But whereas like in uh a person that uh stud-. They put a lot more emphasis on athletics. And things like that are a lot more glorified generally in society. And I think that carries over to school a lot. Right. <SEP> So. Yeah. I I I I think that the biggest problem is uh with the uh with the home environment being part of it. You know if. I think too many parents expect uh the school to teach uh the moral aspects of of things to the st- to the kids and you know while we're not going to worry about uh teaching you manners or teaching you respect for anyone or anything like that you know and then expect them to pick it up at school. You're not going to do that you know. You're going to carry carry with carry to school uh out into the world you know what you learned at home. And uh uh I think that that part of that showing up now you know with with things because kids I think have probably less respect than for for people than in in other things than we may have seen in the past uh. Yeah. And part of it's the the family I think. And part of it's uh the living conditions of certain people are subjected too. Drugs is a big problem now. And I think that's that's that's another root problem. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. You know I wonder if that's a root problem or not. Because I think about that a lot. And it's just like everybody likes to blame everything on drugs now. But I wonder you know. Do you get the. Oh that's kind of side tracked. But uh I just remember seeing on the news the other night they had the thing about how Catholic schools are doing so much better. Uh-huh. I thought well you know of course they're doing better and not so much when I was growing up. Catholic schools are generally considered a little bit easier than the public schools. But uh they still had a a better success rate simply because they started with a lot better raw material. I mean everybody that went to a Catholic school had uh at least the parents did at least had education as a priority like you said and kind of had a whole conducive atmosphere to it. Right. <SEP> Right. And I wonder if not so much that uh. Well I think it's like you say it's it's the socioeconomic mix. There you know the they're. You look at the schools like that where you've got a lot of kids who are basically uh that might be more well to- well off you know going to a private Catholic school or whatever uh. And and they're not all that way. But you know some that are um that they're they're not quite the same as the kids that are going to the inner city uh you know public schools. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. This is interesting because in my mind I don't have the stereotype of a Catholic school being a suburban kind of environment. But uh this this was actually inner city. Yeah. <SEP> People were sending. I mean just because their kids had the ability and the and the drive to do try and get an education they didn't send him to a public school you know. Like you said you have the drug problem and just the general atmosphere where you're pressured not to learn in instance. Yeah. Well you know in a lot of cases like that where you know if kids are going to a public parochial school like that it's it's because the parents are more interested in them receiving an education. It shows I think it shows that the parents have some uh desire for for the kid to do do well you know. And that may be passed on down to the kid as well. And uh maybe they pick up on that. Yeah. And then from the other aspect um maybe the uh school itself has has has more emphasis on uh trying to do a good job because the classes may be smaller uh. They may be able to to give the resources that's needed to uh to do a good job. <SEP> Yeah. I mean. And what do you what would you do to fix the school systems? Uh that's a tough question how to fix the school system. Yeah. Uh with uh. I would try to I guess to see about getting parents more involved with try to to come up with more ways to do that. Uh uh uh stress the importance of education to both both the parents and the students and uh more more classes that I think that are. And I think this is happening some around the country in terms of um morals trying to teach the kinds of things that that aren't getting taught at home and uh and and respect for other people. Uh I think that's a big part of it. You know people you know. If you don't care about property and people you know you're not going to care about uh about learning I think. You know. <SEP> Yeah. You're not going to really care about yourself. Yeah. That's what I was going to say. It's the chicken and the egg thing. I wonder a lot of times you know people I mean a lot of times people literally tear apart their own schools vandalism wise. Right. <SEP> And you get. I mean it's been a while since I been in high school. They're even in grade school when they do that. But I can't remember exactly what goes through their head when they're doing that. But you got to think in a way it's kind of a outward showing of that they don't think they have a chance of doing anything and take it out on the school. Well you know and I. That's not an ea- but that's not an easy task you know. That's why I say it's it's a tough question what would you do. Because you know even trying to instill those values is kind of hard when uh when when you're growing up in you know in a home which may be uh just the pits. And uh you don't have any any kind of a good environment to live in you know. It's kind of hard to say well you need to take care of other people's stuff as well when you're when you barely have anything yourself. So. Yeah. I could see where that would be a problem. And I think that's I think it's.
sw2466.txt:Okay. Okay. That made a nice ugly sound. So. Your name is Lynn? <SEP> Linda. Linda. Uh-huh. So sounds like you like to read. Yeah. I read quite a bit probably don't read as much as I would like to. <SEP> I don't read as much as I would like to either. I'm I'm a single mom. But I have always loved reading. Uh-huh. What do you like to read? Um well um I'm a I'm a counselor a therapist by trade. So most of my books are um I guess what you'd call self improvement type of books. <SEP> That what I've been reading lately a lot of. Um my interests switch around dramatically. I used to read just mainly fic- fiction. And now I lik- like a said I've read a lot of self self help books. Uh-huh. What kind of things have you read? Oh I read all kinds of things for um helping people survive a divorce. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh THE ROAD LESS TRAVELLED was probably one of my favorites. Have you read that? Uh I haven't gotten through it yet. You haven't? No. <SEP> Okay. What would you recommend? Um as far as dealing with divorce? Oh I'm kind of getting that one past me but a good self help book. Good self help. <SEP> Yeah. Well um probably the best one that I I know of and I work with all the time is called SEARCH FOR SIGNIFICANCE by Robert McGee. Um that sounds good. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's one that we use in our work. It's probably one you'd find in like a Christian book store. I don't know what the chains are down there. Maybe in the mall family book store something like that. Uh-huh. I'm writing it down. That does soun- that's sound really good. Um what kind of counseling do you do. Or should we stay on the topic of books? Um probably should stay on the topic. But that has a little bit to do with some of the things that I read. <SEP>. I'm a therapist for Rossa. It's a Christian treatment organization. Oh. And because of that I see uh work with adolescents specifically. So I see a lot of kids with with various problems. Right now some of the things I'm working with are kids that are dealing with sexual abuse. So a lot of the books I've been reading have to do with helping them get through those issues. <SEP> Oh I would imagine helping them feel good about themselves. They're at a bad stage anyway. And then to have to deal with sexual abuse would be terrible as a teen. Uh-huh. That's uh that must be a wonderful feeling to be in that profession and be able to make a contribution like that. Well sometimes it's rewarding. And and sometimes it's a struggle. <SEP> Oh I'm sure. I'm sure. Uh what oth-. Is is that just the only type of reading you've been doing. Or do you have you read any good novels lately? Um I guess I've got so many books like that that I need to read. It's it's hard for me to do a lot of uh reading yeah reading just for enjoyment. Just joy reading. Yeah. <SEP> I hear you there. That's for sure. Um. In fact. I guess the last book I've read. My oldest daughter had to read LOST HORIZONS for her English class. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I just realized I had never read it growing up. So I just finished reading that for enjoyment. Um that's neat. And it wa- it was good. Um she she's not didn't enjoy it much. So I didn't get much satisfaction trying to discuss it with her. But I thought it was real interesting. Yeah. I've always wanted to go back and read some of my literature texts from college um because I enjoyed some of those stories so much. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I never seem to have the time to do that kind of reading. I know. <SEP> Yeah. Um I trying to think of some of my other favorite books. But I I keep lists. I must have a list of oh two hundred three hundred books that I want to read. Uh-huh. Just like I want to read that and I write it down. Yeah. I've got a stack next to my bed. <SEP> So do I. I tend to get a little bit of ways in a book. And then I I get distracted and or have to start on another one. It's pretty tough to keep up with. I was trying to think of. I I've got a copy of THE ROAD LESS TRAVELLED. But I was trying to think there's another Scott book that I've got that I had read. Uh He he also wrote PEOPLE OF THE LIE. Yeah. That's the one I was thinking of. <SEP> Yeah. I I bought that one. And I didn't get into involved in that one as well. There's another one he wrote that even sounds better. And it's kind of the whole concept of global peace you know like and communities building communities. Uh-huh. Someone just recently said something really neat about that. Uh I got involved in uh Beginning Experience Weekends. And uh it was of the people from there that said that. His latest book and I can't recall the name of it is just excellent. And his whole idea is we can build a better world if people get involved in good community building projects. And he did uh mention Beginning Experience Weekends as one of the you know one of the places. Uh. <SEP> So I've ha- um. That's interesting. Yeah. It it really was. A real fun boo- bunch of books that I read uh the beginning of last year were um the author of JONATHAN JONATHAN LIVINGSTON SEA- SEAGULL. Uh-huh. <SEP> I can't think of his name. Is it? Pardon me? <SEP> Uh no uh oh. It'll it'll come to me. But he wrote he wrote the ILLUSION and A BRIDGE OVER TI- A BRIDGE TO FOREVER. Those are mind expanding books. Um. His concepts are so different than what I would have ever dreamed of. I can't think of what his name is right right off the bat though. But uh they they were fun. They were real just books for fun. Uh-huh. <SEP> Have you been involved on the Switchboard long? Um not very long. I really just started. Uh-huh. How did you get involved? My wife has been working for T I. <SEP> Oh I see. I'm a former T I-er. I just recently quit. And so uh I got myself involved in a sales job. And right now my list of books to be read have to do with uh the art of selling. Oh uh-huh. So. It's just I was just thinking at at Rossa. They tend to come out with a new book every couple of weeks just to help us deal with all the things that we have to deal with. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I keep getting stacks of books I need to read. And I don't know when I'm going to get to them all. Never. Never. <SEP> There's never going to be enough hours in the day. I don't think so. Even if you took speed reading. Huh. Yeah. I don't think so. <SEP> So well I'm trying to think of what other kind. Do you like to read mysteries. Yeah. A little bit. Do you like Ken? Um. Trying to think. <SEP> He writes uh spy novels THE EYE OF THE NEEDLE. Uh-huh. And uh I've I've really I really have found his books enjoyable. I like that kind of stuff. I think the last novel I read I read I guess in conjunction with my wife over vacation last year. It was a um last name's. It's called PIERCING no it's called THIS PRESENT DARKNESS. <SEP> Um. It's uh kind of unusual book. It's a lot about spiritual warfare and some things like that. Oh that sounds interesting. It sounds really good. Hey you should make yourself a promise that you'll you'll read one novel in the next six months just for you. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know it's it's so easy to get caught up on reading just for your work or you know self improvement. And you kind of forget the fun of reading. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Very easily. So. Well I guess we've covered the topic pretty thoroughly. <SEP> I think so too. And I thank you for calling. Yeah. Nice talking to you Linda. And uh I'll have to check out that book you told me about. Okay. Great. <SEP> Okay. Hope you like you it. Thank you. Uh-huh. <SEP> You take care. You too. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3360.txt:Uh I guess my personal opinion I I don't mind paying taxes necessarily. I I just sometimes wonder if our money is being used in the best way. Right. Uh sometimes when I hear what what they're even what even what the politicians are making you know when they're getting a hundred and fifty thousand plus benefits and that uh I think that's just a bit too much to be paying them uh. And that's all tax money. When you figure out how many politicians and each one getting that much it's just billions of dollars. That's I think is just being thrown away. <SEP> Right. Right. And then when you read about that they're spending all the money on you know these studies that have no relevance whatsoever that kind of ticks you off too. Yeah. But uh somebody somebody was telling me the other day that they heard some senator say that what we're paying it's not that we mind paying taxes it's that we're paying too much for a lousy government. Yeah. <SEP> And I I I tend to agree with that. Yeah. I'm not really into what they're doing per se. Yeah. <SEP> And I think there's just too many too many levels of bureaucracy. I think it can be can be managed by less uh less levels. Yeah. Yeah. Well I know any time there's there's a big uh budget cut you know. I work with the state. And any time there's there is a budget cut or crunches it's always the small guy that that gets hurt. Right. It's never the uh the person that's making a hundred thousand there. It's always the person that's making the least amount. And uh and sometimes we're running around there. <SEP> Right. I see these these uh supervisors running around uh having meetings. I I really don't know what they do. Right. I sometimes wonder are are they really doing anything. Or. <SEP> Right. Well I think we're going to see a streamlining in the government. I just you know. I I don't know what kind of uh I don't know what what level or what how long it will take for you know our country to start the public in general to start saying Hey this is too much. We're not going to pay any more. You know we're not going to pay for this. And you're out you know. I think we're starting to see it a little bit now. But I think uh I don't know what what kind of input we're going to get from the public and how they're going to go about doing it. Because I think I think we're just getting taxed way too much. Yeah. I mean right now we're getting taxed probably probably around thirty-five percent or more. And that's that's you know that's me not making a whole lot of money. Yeah. Well they got so many hidden taxes that it's really hard to figure out how much you are paying because go to a grocery store something like that and you're paying a little tax here. And you. <SEP> Right. So. Gas I don't know about you guys. But there's probably at least about twenty-five to to thirty cents of different taxes on on our gas. Right. And you don't realize. <SEP> Yeah. We got a sales tax. Our sales tax is like eight percent. And I don't know what our gas tax is. I think it's somewhere around twenty five cents a gallon. Yeah. So. I mean they're hitting us up. And they may not raise it you know federally as much one year. But then they'll raise it somewhere in the state or the sales tax or property tax or whatever. It's just I mean you can see that your money is just not going that far. Yeah. Well I know they say like with Reagan they say no new taxes. But they changed the uh deductions on you. And that just raises your taxes you know they just get it a different way. <SEP> Right. So I mean to me it did uh raise my taxes. Right. Well I mean you could tell just by just by how much money you have left over. And all of a sudden I don't know it's just it's eating me alive. Yeah. I heard someone say that uh if they would just something about with the uh the defense budget all that extra money they're throwing back if they cut back by so much percentage it could throw back about six hundred dollars on an average six hundred dollars.
sw3353.txt:Um tell me some about your camping experiences Carolyn. Well um I have gone to girl's camp a few times as a you know a chaperon or a leader whatever. Okay. <SEP> And uh I enjoy camping. I. We ha- we have a tent. And we've gone even with our family a few times out camping and have a camp stove um. I guess our our my biggest memory is when we froze to death. We just didn't take enough blankets and whatever. Wh- where do you go camping at around here? <SEP> Uh we went camping at uh Lake Bonham which is is pretty close here. Um. We went fairly early in the season for this area which is probably April is when we went. Okay. <SEP> And and it got really cold at night. And of course we were close enough that we could go back and get some more blankets and things in the morning. Sure. But. Uh what uh what activities do you do when you're camping? <SEP> Oh we take little nature hikes. And and uh we take along games that we can play with the with the kids and just that kind of stuff. Usually try to have a uh occasionally a camp fire at night you know and roast the marshmallows and what all. Uh-huh. Well that sounds like fun. I uh I grew up in South Dakota up in the Black Hills. <SEP> Oh. And so we used to go camping. My dad would take us. There was there was four of us kids. We'd he'd take us. And we'd all go camping my dad and my mom and and the kids. And it was always fun uh. Because what I always remember is my dad would let us pick our camp spot. And uh he'd always tell us you know okay look for you know a nice flat little area where we can pitch our tents. And it always had to be somewhere near a a river so we could go fishing. And hopefully we'd catch our supper. But we never did. Um. But it was it was always fun. We'd always. Mom was always prepared. And she'd bring along you know something because tradition had it we would never catch anything. So we always had something along to eat. <SEP> But then we'd roast roast marshmallows. And it it was always an enjoyable experience. Uh about nineteen eighty-two I moved from Rapid City in the Black Hills. I crossed the state to to Aberdeen. And uh there's no hills. It's flat. And then I was in high school. And uh couple of friends couple of my high school friends and I we'd go camping out by a river of course and and go fishing. But by then of course I was able to catch uh catch some things. But it it was always fun. It was a different experience camping in the hills versus camping just by a river. Uh-huh. You know in the hills we we would do like you di- you folks did you folks did would take the nature hikes and you know and look for animals. And we always you know. In the hills you can see quite a few different animals. But. <SEP> Uh. Go ahead. We used to live in Utah. Okay. <SEP> And uh of course there's lots of mountains around there to camp in and and streams and stuff. That's that's a great place to go camping. And the hiking is just really great. You know hike up those mountains is just really fantastic. Um. Sure. Now is there anything uh are there any mountains or big rocks a person could hike around this area. <SEP> I'm not acquainted with any you know. I. There's woods and things out in East Texas Tyler area you know. Okay. There's a Tyler State Park that's uh really a nice camping area. But it it's just a lot of trees. It's not. I don't know of any place in Texas that has uh really big you know what I call mountains. Uh-huh. I. <SEP> The Rocky Mountains are so much uh bigger than anything that they've they've got down here that. Right. <SEP> Is the one in Tyler has it been pretty commercialized I suppose? No. It's not well it's not too bad. They have um screened in areas you know. They're not really cabins I wouldn't say. I guess they could call them that but they're they're more just a screened in uh camping area whatever. Okay. <SEP> They're they're not bad. Helps helps keep the the pests out I suppose. Yeah. Yeah. Well that sounds. I don't know if I can rate camping. But you know it sure beats driving a thousand miles to to find a mountain I guess. <SEP> Yeah. That's right. I I take it you haven't done a whole lot of camping in this area. No. We just moved down in in June. Oh I see. Well you're still uh get- you're just trying to get over the culture shock still. Yeah. I'm still trying to find my way around. I if I can get on Central from anywhere I'm happy. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well really the ideal times to camp in this area are early spring and in in the fall. Okay. <SEP> It just gets so hot in the summer you can hardly. I mean there's there's a lot.
sw2571.txt:All right. Um there was a crime here in McKinney uh a rather heinous murder. Uh-huh. <SEP> There was no um remorse shown by uh at least one of the perpetrators. Uh-huh. And yet for whatever reason um his crime was not considered a capital crime. Uh-huh. <SEP> An and quite honestly I I feel very strongly that the man ha- the has no redeeming social values. And if if and when he comes gets free again he will have no compunction but to complete that that same kind of lifestyle I mean continue that same kind of lifestyle and perhaps do the same thing again. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it really bothers me that there's not a way of getting him out of the way forever. Really. I think that. I don't know. I don- I don't think our prison system isn't set up where we um rehabilitate or you know restore anybody. I think it'll only make them worse. But I I believe that God can come in and change a person's heart and genuinely change it. But that doesn't negate that you do reap what you sow. And if you do kill a person and it is you know you're found to be guilty I believe God establishes the authority of our court system. And I believe that you know that I do believe that capital punishment is uh alternative. Even you know God can still change your heart. But that doesn't mean. Like the alcoholic that charges up all the bills on the credit card or the shopaholic you know you get your life right with God. But you still have to pay your Visa bill. <SEP> That's that's right. You still have to you know. So but God sent us his grace. And they give pardons. But I believe if it's a genuine conversion there's a genuine. And those prison people know they know a genuine turnaround in a person's character. They see that. But. Yeah. And I I worked in a prison in Fort Worth. <SEP> Did you? Yeah. I have a degree in social work. You see it you know the ones that have a genuine character change. Uh-huh. It is obvious. And they know that. They're they're not going to pardon someone from the governor. You know what I'm saying. They're not going to go without going through every channel of authority in the prison. So I feel like you know that's is there is occasions where there are they do spare lives. And you know I leave that with the governor who of course is going to go through every authority because they want to be be reelected. So. <SEP> Yes. But my concern is first of all that not all all persons who I think should be receiving capital uh whatever capital uh tha- uh th- uh hum punishment. Uh-huh. <SEP> Punishment. Thank you I'm sorry I just got home from work. And I'm just kind of spaced out a little bit. Yeah. That's okay. <SEP> Uh that not all of them are being convicted of it that that the the they're not even being charged with that appropr-. I agree with you that that a person's heart can be changed. Uh-huh. But the same God that can work that miracle also established the laws that said um for certain kinds of sin certain kinds of of uh breaking of the law there would be a capital punishment. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right then it was it was uh almost immediate. Uh-huh. As soon as as the trial was over then it was stoning. Right. But in in the Old Testament. <SEP> We don't have a speedy trial. We don't have speedy um punishment. And so it kind of loses its meaning if you sit on death row for months and years and so forth. Uh-huh. Yeah. Right. We don't. Well yeah. We definitely have lost the Judeo-Christian ethic of the judicial system for sure. But the ba- the base is still there the foundation is still there though bu- of the system. But I know what you're saying uh. But also they're under a law because we haven't been removed from the law. We've just been taken out from under under a law. Because under the law if your child mo- back talks you he would be stoned. <SEP> That's correct. He under the law he would be stoned. So we've been removed from the law of un- from being under the law. But we're still you know we're still accountable to it. We don't need to back talk. But you know it's like God changes your heart to not do that. He changes your heart not to look upon a woman in lust. Because in the Old Testament they could look all they wanted just couldn't do it. But in the new he's looking at your heart. And so I guess that's what what I mean by their character changes and you know what I mean it's like looking beyond what they're doing and looking at a heart and seeing what is the heart what's the character showing me here. And those and then any of. If I don't think see if I don't believe that there's not a character change and the authorities agree that this person needs to be excused I believe for murder uh rape I even believe incest things that will permanently damage uh the character of the child. <SEP> Uh-huh. I believe crimes against children should be punished bu- by by death. I believe sexual crimes unless there's a true change of character. I tend to agree on that very strongly. And that's where we just have to to trust the authorities. And they're not going to excuse people if it was was run like that. I don't. There would probably be very few exceptions to that. And if it was done quickly and done swiftly. And but it's not because the judicial system has rejected they've rejected the answer to all these problems they have pretty much. <SEP> Plus the all the judicial system is overloaded with all kinds of um problems and crimes and so forth and then all of the um civil things that clog the courts. Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> And having sat on both uh uh criminal and a civil uh jury some of what goes through our courts is a total waste of time. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Because we're suit happy. Yeah. But but back to the to the capital situation sounds like you and I have a lot of of of uh common ground at least as as far as as capital punishment is concerned. Yeah. <SEP> I would like to see some some kind of reform or some kind of streamlining so that if a person is um convicted and sentenced to to death that that automatic appeal which goes in could be more quickly dealt with. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> And and go ahead and get the punishment phase out of the way because it doesn't do the criminal or the victim's family r- r- any of us the taxpayer any good to have him sitting around for months and years. Yeah. Anybody. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> An an bu-. Him could be a her. Right. But. I know in Jamaica uh it think it's Jamaica I think it's Jamaica I know that they have you know crimes punishable by death. And I'm sure they hit a few every now and then. And I wouldn't want to be one of them that are not guilty. But I know that they have like uh their crime rate. It's not Jamaica. I don't think. I can't remember which. It's uh one of the Caribbean Islands. And and they Singapore is it like that? My husband's going Singapore. And they don't have a lot of the crime because there is a law. And the law is enforced. And that's what wh- when you have lawlessness. I mean the law's not being enforced. And all that does is lawlessness. We were we went on a mission trip to Manhattan and to the Bronx and stuff two years ago. And all these kids were up on there getting arrested for crack. And everyone was out. Uh we were across from that big bus station. I forget what you call it. But anyway and everyone they had like fifteen people lined up on the fence. And within two hours there were fifteen boys sitting there doing the same thing. <SEP> Um. And you'd see the same kid who were back out there in two days. That's sad. Because there's no the answer is not being given to them in the court system. And I think initially when our country was set up it was set up with God. And it was really an integral part. And no. You can't you can't force people. But I think people are hurting. And they're out doing crack sitting on the street. They were the kind of people that. I think mostly we would want to receive it. If it was presented to see. I don't know. I guess I'm kind of frustrated that you know we've gotten away from the Christian basis that our court system was founded upon. I mean it reeks of the BIBLE just the whole thing the whole system. And so I feel like if that was presented more openly and not just relying upon and para-church ministry to come in and do it that that the system itself. You know you know what I mean. <SEP> Yeah. I feel like that might be better if it was run on a more scriptural basis which would include you know you know and expediting the penalties and just getting it over with. However certain uh very liberal minded groups who do not um subscribe to the same ethical system that you and I do such as the uh civil liberties unions and so forth will lobby against that and hold that out as long as they have breath. Which is most unfortunate because we all lose out when people go so far out to the extreme on either side. <SEP> Right. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Because too too often there can be extremism that that hurts from from any direction regardless of wha- whatever you're arguing or concerned about. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I know you're right. They would lobby that. And and I see that. And that's why you know I'm like okay what's my role in this thing you know what's my part. <SEP> Yeah. Because I don't think the system is going to get fixed. I think it's crippled.
sw3159.txt:Okay. Do you subscribe to magazines yourself? I don't uh subscribe to any magazines at home because we get so many at work that uh I need to read that uh I just don't take any at home. Oh I see. I get uh MCCALL'S. Of course anything that appeals to the homemaker since that's my main line of interest. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then once in a while I'll pick up a WORKING WOMAN or something and realize why I don't want to re- go back to work. What I enjoy about staying home. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. And uh I read magazines mainly because they're fast. And if I want to relax while I watch T V. Of course I'm one of those that does two things at once. And uh I read GOOD HOUSEKEEPING and BETTER HOMES and MCCALL'S. And I like them because they're kind of short and to the subject. <SEP> Right. I u- I used to take MCCALL'S and GOOD HOUSEKEEPING and uh several magazines like that a few years ago at at at home. Uh-huh. And then you stopped them all. But yeah. The subscriptions ran out. And I never renewed them. And I found that I really didn't have time at home since I work to read them. I find that uh about two years is probably my max on subscribing to one in particular. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then I kind of get turned off by it. Other than GOOD HOUSEKEEPING. Uh-huh. GOOD HOUSEKEEPING is the one that kind of sets around for when uh when I'm really have time and I really want to read something you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't get into books too often because I have so many things that I stay occupied with uh on a general basis. Uh-huh. And we travel a lot. So I enjoy reading parts on travel in the various you know different ones. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. And I get into uh newspapers. So I guess that kind of tells you what kind of person I am. I'm re- read it fast and put it down. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. When when I had my magazines at home I would find that I kind of skimmed through them and looked at the pictures you know. And if something caught my eye then I might read something. Right. But otherwise than that you know they were uh you know not too useful to me. You know. Well That's what I do. <SEP> I got some good recipes from them sometimes. But. You clip recipes. And you save them forever. And you never really use them. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's right. That's right. And then every so often you weed through them. And you think where did I ever put that recipe. Right. But uh that's mainly my uh whole idea on you know short subject uh reading and things like this. <SEP> Uh-huh. I I subscribe like I said to a few. And once in a while I buy that new magazine called FIRST on the newsstands or something like that. Uh-huh. But I kind of stay with my own subject matter what uh pertains to my daily life at the present time. <SEP> Right. Well since I work with computers during my work I have to keep up on all the new computer equipment and software and everything. And I have to read the magazines you know such as BYTE and COMPUTER WORLD and MAC WORLD and all of these uh magazines such as that. So I really you know just. I can see that it will be a very long time probably before I subscribe to any magazines at home. Right. Well sometimes if you know if you're in transportation in public transportation I know that people will read them on something like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. But I think. And the idea is to is and good. I can just dump them at the other end. And I don't have to carry them back with me. <SEP> That's right. I do that when we travel. I always have my head with a magazine somewhere as we drive or wherever we. Uh-huh. No matter what it is air travel or anything and I. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. If I if I go on an airplane ride or something I'll stop in and pick up a you know a COSMOPOLITAN or something to read on the airplane. Right. Al- although now. But uh you know that's basically just about. I'll buy a crossword puzzle magazine every now and then. That's when you really have time. Now see your computer ones. I got into computer work somewhat uh. We have our own computer system at home. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I tried uh reading the magazines hoping I would get more from it. And it was just above my head without having someone there to give me the advice as I went along. Uh-huh. It was you know kind of a little bit more than what I needed. So I never did get into them. I when I bought the computer all of a sudden I was receiving them for some unknown reason through the mail. I think they all that- thought well we have a live one. She'll subscribe. <SEP> Uh-huh. But they were wrong. I never got into them. But but Okay? Right. All right I guess we might as well end our conversation at this point. <SEP> Okay. It was nice talking with you. It was nice to talk with you too. Okay. <SEP> Thank you. Uh-huh. Bye now. Bye-bye.
sw2832.txt:Okay. Sorry. Wow. That's okay. So tell me about your home. Oh it's uh it looks like a little shot gun house almost. It's got three bedrooms going along one side and the living room and kitchen on the other. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's uh an older home. It's not new. I like it though. It's big. Oh really. What kind of square footage? Oh I wouldn't know. I measured it one time because I was uh we had saw some termites. <SEP> Uh. And we thought about getting it sprayed. I think it was like. I can't remember. I'm sorry. That's okay. That's okay. It's big enough for us though. <SEP> Uh-huh. We kind of need maybe one more room. We've got two children. Uh-huh. Okay. So where do you live at. I mean wha- what part of town. In here in Denison. Okay. We-. See that's north. <SEP> Or down here in Denison. Yeah. Okay. I live I live in Plano. So it's north to me. Okay. Up here then. I say down. I'm really from Kentucky. <SEP> I was going to say you didn't have the typical. You have a southern accent. Uh-huh. But you don't have a Texas accent. Right. <SEP> Well I'm originally from uh Ohio Cincinnati. Oh okay. So I'm famili- uh familiar with uh. That area. That dialect. <SEP> Right. Right. Also I lived in Georgia for about four years. So the uh. There's a difference too between east and west in the south. And uh the way in which people speak. Uh-huh. Anyway my home is um I guess it's about twenty-five hundred square foot. And I have uh four bedrooms at the present. We're busting out walls and things like that. That's what I want to do. How many kids do you have? <SEP> We have two. We have two. Do you have enough bedroom space then? Yeah. We'll have enough bedroom space. It's. We're rearranging our house because the bedrooms are kind of small. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so we're going to enlarge our master bedroom and take out a couple of walls and enlarge it. And then shuffle the rooms around a little bit. That's kind of like what we'd like to do. We just had a baby a couple months ago. And we've got a den. It's more or less a spare room. Uh-huh. We rarely go in there except for to play chess. <SEP> Uh-huh. We want to make that a bedroom for my stepdaughter and my daughter. And uh we need the one extra room. Like like you said our rooms are too s- the bedrooms are too small. The living room and kitchen are huge. Right. But the bedrooms are too small. Where you've got to leave the furniture just one certain way you can't rearrange it at all. <SEP> Right. There's they uh. I know what you're saying there. Ours is the same. And they tend to put windows in the strangest places. Yeah. You know we have windows in our bathrooms which really makes it difficult for. Yeah. We've got two great big windows in our back bathroom. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yo- you're kind of limited in what you can do there and everything. So. No privacy. No. We don't have a lot of that. Yeah. Well we've got at least two windows on every wall in the house. It. <SEP> Uh-huh. I'd hate to clean these windows. I really would. I figured I'm going to have to hire somebody to remove our windows and put new ones in that are easier to clean. Ours are the double pane. And you can't really clean them on the inside you know. Ours are those too. Yeah. You must live in an older home too then. <SEP> Right. I do. The house is about um I'd say almost thirty years old. Uh-huh. So it's not a new home. It's it's seen some wear and tear. You know. Ours has too. <SEP> When we moved in the man that sold it to us had said that he remodeled it. Uh-huh. And he did it hisself. So most of that by now is falling apart. <SEP> Oh. You know well I mean it's not just horrible. But like this tile's come loose off the wall. The whole bathroom is covered from ceiling to foot in tile. And I don't like that at all. Um that is awful. With that uh the great big tiles square tiles like that you put on the floor the the huge one. <SEP> Uh-huh. He did it in that? Yeah. Instead of wallpaper. I wouldn't mind it if it was like short tiles. For that you put. The normal tiles. Right. Right. That you put around a bathtub. That would be prettier. <SEP> Uh-huh. But this looks like floor covering on the wall. It just doesn't look good. Oh and also they're very heavy. And so they tend to come off a whole lot easier. Right. There's one big one that has come off. And short of putting nails through it we can't get it back on. So. <SEP> Um. And he rewired the house. And it's shorting out here and there. And. Oh wow. I. That's one of the things we've been fortunate with is our uh wiring is okay. We don't have a we don't have enough power. Um or our breakers aren't aren't powerful enough to take to to really help with the load in the house. Uh-huh. <SEP> I mean we need to redo some rewiring ourselves. But our plumbing is awful. There is n- there is a shut off valve that's outside that doesn't work. Um. And there's no other real shut off valves inside the house. So if something breaks we have to shut it off from the main in the street you know. Yeah. <SEP> And oh it's it can be really bizarre. Yeah. And we never know where it's going to flood. We've got power surges on the west side of our house. We've got our stereo hooked up. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well that. The power makes it run. It's never ran. It's always ran just fine the clock and stuff. Uh-huh. But it runs about ten minutes fast except for about a month for about a month the the clock ran normal. <SEP> Um. And then the power went off again. Lightning or something knocked it out. And we hooked it back up. And now it's running ten or fifteen minutes fast again. Um. But on the east side of the house it runs fine. <SEP> Oh boy you do have a strange wiring problem there. He put new wiring in. It's all new wiring up in the attic or I guess crawl space. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh oh no. He didn't know what he was doing. He really should have hired people. Well that's something. My husband's in construction. And he won't even touch electrical stuff. He i-. I mean he'll do a little things. But he won't do any major rewiring. <SEP> He says he'd rather pay the electrician to handle it. Right. He'll end up killing himself. Pardon. End up killing theirselves. <SEP> That's right. My husband he'll change out a light switch. But that's about as far as he'll go. Well that's the way mine is you know. Yeah. <SEP> I mean he he well he said he went up in the attic and looked around. And he was like oh my God. He says looks like a bunch of spaghetti up there. And we had squirrels in our attic when we first moved in because the roof was so sorry. Uh was a what. The roof was really sorry. I mean when we moved in we had no idea how bad it was. Uh-huh. <SEP> It was a wood shingle roof. And we. The first year we were living there we had to replace the roof. Well he put. Which. I heard it's a law that you're only allowed to have three layers of shingles. Is it three or five. Your husband probably knows. He probably knows. I don't know what it is off hand. Well he's got seven layers of shingles up there. And he told us it was a completely new roof. Like I said he didn't know what he was doing. <SEP> Yeah. He must not of. We stripped ours we stripped ours off. We didn't put it over'cause we put composition roof on. And we completely s- completely stripped all the old wood shingles off put decking up put the paper down and I mean just started from scratch. Uh-huh. Unfortunately when we were doing that it decided it wanted to snow and hail and rain. Oh no. <SEP> And we and we had we had almost I'd say about half of the roof off. And it did this. And uh uh a house full of snow. And a house full of snow and rain. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it came down. It did this in the middle of the night. We have plastic you know just tied down on everything you know as best we could real thick edge stuff I mean. Uh-huh. And the wind came in from the north. And it just blew everything off in the middle of the night. And we were asleep. And and I woke up. And I got up. And it was about four o'clock in the morning. And I heard all these these drips drip drip drip drip drip drip. Oh no. <SEP> I had water coming in every light fixture. That. Yeah. I had water coming in everything that was in the ceiling everywhere. And I mean it filled up my light fixtures because they're the old kind. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I would go in. And I'd turn on a light in the room you know. And the light would come on. And the whole thing would be full of water. And I mean the light would still come on. It didn't blow up or anything. My neighbor or a friend of mine when I lived in Louisiana her. We all lived on base. My husband was in the Army. Uh-huh. She woke up about three or four o'clock in the morning water dripping from hers. The neighbor's la- uh washing machine had uh over done something. I don't know. But it was leaking just pouring water in. And it all went through to her roof. And it was coming out of the lights fixtures. <SEP> Oh. The fire alarm went off for some reason. It shorted it out or something. Oh yeah. That will happen. So she woke up with about six feet of water in her house. <SEP> Oh my lord. No. Not six feet. But. But it's quite a bit quite a bit. You know that. Yeah. You might as well. So. Did you have carpets and stuff? <SEP> Oh several of our rooms got ruined. We have um. We h- are on pier and beam. We don't have concrete slab underneath our house. Uh-huh. So it it got into the carpeting got into the floor. The carpeting was already awful anyway. But it got into the floor and rotted the floor and made it stink. S-. Your house sounds like mine because mine's pier and beam too. <SEP> Oh really. Yeah. Yeah. They came in. And they had it. One room they completely cut up the floor in and removed it. We had to call the insurance company. I mean the insurance company was paying for the new roof. But they also ended up having to pay for the damage when the re- roof was being repaired. You know which really wasn't our fault. Uh-huh. <SEP> I mean we'd done everything we could to keep out the weather. You know and stuff. That's right. That's right. <SEP> And. Well you got to redo it the way you wanted it in the end. Oh yeah. It. Are you finished with it now? <SEP> Uh the roof? Uh-huh. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's it's been done for quite some time. We're really glad with all the rain we've had in the last couple of years that we have a really good roof. Uh-huh. How long have you lived there? <SEP> Uh see it's three. It's just been a- at three years. We've been in the house just the three years. We've been doing a lot of remodeling. I mean it's it had detached it had a dir- detached garage. And my husband's built a walkway across. And we're going to brick up the garage to match the house and things like that. So we. You all did it yourselves? What uh the walk? The home improvements. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. He see he does this for a living. Uh-huh. I mean this is what.
sw2451.txt:Okay. This topic is is Russia a threat to our security? I think they are more of a threat to their own people at this day and time. How do you feel about it? Well they do have uh a major internal problem. Everybody wants to defect. And I can understand why. Um I think their biggest problem is just you know obtaining food to live. So when you have the basic needs uh being unmet I don't think you think globally as far as you know being a threat to other people in the world. <SEP> So as soon as they get their their own home country taken care of then they'll consider what they can do with the rest of the world. <SEP> I believe Communism is very much waning. It's uh pretty much on the way out of the door insofar as the strong hold that they used to have. And the Russian people are all realizing that the Communist system does not work to their satisfaction or their way of surviving in this world. And their rebellions right now is the result of that. If they can get the army or the military to sway to their side I think that uh it will be on the way out eventually. It's just a matter of time because in the Baltic States they have already massacred so many people who protested. <SEP> And that hasn't set too well with their diplomacy for the regarding the uh outcome of their affairs. What's your synopsis? <SEP> Well I do I do realize that uh uh the Bush Administration isn't too happy with with how they're handling their internal uh strife you know as far as diplomacy is concerned. I think it's been a good a good positive direction for uh the Soviets as far as Yeltsin is concerned. You know he was uh allowed to. What wh-. In his in the Congress they they gave him more power as far as his republic in Russia is concerned which is gives him more power overall which I think is a good sign that there will be some you know. Politically speaking you know he's going to have more power. And I think it's a step in the right direction. I think Gorbachev realizes that he's got a a major uh uh power figure you know competing against him. And I think it's going to be pretty close to his demise if he doesn't follow suit with Yeltsin as far as uh realizing. Well he does realize it you know with the fact that they reduced the uh or they increased the prices on their food food and goods. Uh-huh. Uh. It. I think that it went up a thousand percent on most. <SEP> Yeah. Tha- that's incredible. But they had to uh go in the direction of a market driven economy. And and they had to bite the bullet for that. So that's a good move on on Gorbachev's part in doing that. Uh-huh. So. But Gorbachev has still not fully convinced everyone that he's moving towards a two to three party system of government that nor eliminating or diminishing the Communist power. <SEP> And I guess that's where Yeltsin steps in so far as his politics of government goes uh. But I don't know how convinced the people are of him yet myself. Well that's all they got right now. That's their ray of hope. Uh-huh. <SEP> So you know they'll go with you know whoever comes through for them. I it it's just that the weird thing is is that Gorbachev is the one that opened the floodgates as far as with glasnost and poistro- perestroika and stuff. <SEP> And I think he's got between the Old Guard and and the new uh glasnost. Uh I think it's kind of escalated to a point where it's out of control. Uh-huh. And I think he had to pull in the reins the only way he knew how in order to keep the peace on peace on both sides. So I think that's where you know kind of where he's stuck. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Uh I understand. <SEP> And that's the that's the situation that he finds himself in. And you know he's a tough guy. I mean he's been through it. So I have no doubt that he'll. I mean I I think overall he's been a a good figure for the Soviet Union. I mean I think his intentions and his ideals are are uh well intentioned. Uh-huh. And in the long-term. But I just think that because of the basic needs that the people don't have. I think that uh makes the problem most severe and makes him look look worse that what his um what his ideals are personally. <SEP> I agree. What's bad for the Soviet system is that they have the resources to grow and produce their food. But somehow it just does not get out to the market the way it should. I think it's I think it's a lot of uh oh how do you put it? bureaucracy and and uh one thing and then all the corruption. I think there's a a large amount of corruption on the the have and the have-nots. You know. Yeah. That's probably more true than a lot of people realize. <SEP> I I know you're going to have that with every society. At least we're more blatant about it. But it's very secret. And it's been going on for years. I mean you can't change things overnight. Uh-huh. <SEP> And but if it gets to a point where people can't survive I mean there's revolution. You know. And that's. It seems to be headed in that direction too. Yeah. Big time. Major. But you know that's that's what happens when you know the cork blows. And you can't handle it anymore. I mean that's that's the way the world uh you know revolves that way. Uh-huh. Well their knowledge with uh better communication processes in this world now that's reached them is more educated than to the uh ways of the western world. <SEP> Anyway I really question though how much technology the average Soviet is exposed to. And uh I think that was a big stepping stone for them to initiate all their righteous ways of changing things too. They. Probably not enough. But I'm sure I lot of it's filtered down enough to the common folks that they have gotten wind of what they're missing out on. <SEP> Yeah. I think they're starting to realize. But I I just don't think they have the resources if you were to compare uh the Americans to the Soviets as far as home computers are concerned or fact machines Fax machines and cellular phones and state of the art equipment that we are so used to. I don't think they even realize what's out there and to what extent. Yeah. I'm sure a lot of them are missing those household items. Yeah. The major conveniences of life. Yeah. What we consider just I don't normal everyday things to them is real luxury. Which is unfortunate for them. <SEP> Yeah. And of course most of us we don't really appreciate what we've got because we've been so used to it. This is true. This is very true. And we. It's human it's human nature though to take things for granted. And it kind of you know. <SEP> When you've lost something or or uh uh don't have what other people have that's when you tend to realize you know what's out there and what you know what you have and what you don't have. Yeah. I agree. So the original question do we think they're a threat to our you know a security threat? Yeah. <SEP> Um yes and no. Yeah. I can go with that answer too. The only yes I could go to is if uh a renegade crew decides to launch an attack or an accidental launching or something to that effect to to a nuclear exchange. But I don't even see that occurring. Uh because their internal strifes are more important right now than concentrating on any kind of outside affairs that they used to be adapted to I guess. Um no. <SEP> Well I don't really feel that the Soviets really want to blow up the world. I mean um we painted them back in the fifties and sixties as as nonfeeling machine type people. And they're people just like us. I mean you know they get up everyday. Uh-huh. And they put their pants on the same way. And they have to eat and everything else. And I just don't feel that.
sw3503.txt:Well how do you feel about capital punishment? Well I I just last Friday got off a capital murder case. Oh you did? <SEP> Yeah. I was on the jury. Uh. Wow. Yeah. <SEP> Which is funny because I got called last night. And the topic was uh something about juries. Oh really? Yeah. So I am just hitting it right. Uh how do I feel about it? I I don't know. Well I guess it is right in certain cases. Uh. Yeah. <SEP> Becau-. Well the one I was just on I don't. I was an alternate on the case. So I don't know what was decided. Right. They are probably still in deliberations on it. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh what I found out. Once once I was declared an alternate and I was dismissed we met with the judge the two alternates did. Right. And uh he went on to tell us how they happened to catch this guy. And I remember hearing about it. It was about a year ago. Uh he was he was involved in another one another capital murder the very next month. And he was caught just. They they drove up. The police drove up just as he fired the g- gun and killed the guy. Oh wow. <SEP> So he was caught. And uh it's interesting because the county I live in. I'm not in Dallas county. I'm I'm pretty far north of Dallas. Okay. Uh county I live in in the past ten years only had t- two capital murders. Wow. <SEP> And last year there were six. And this guy is indicted on three of them. Really? Yeah. So you have to wonder you know. Wow. <SEP> Yeah. Well the cases like that they should. Yeah. I mean if he's going to be drastic somebody has to be drastic back. <SEP> Yeah. Although you know it's not really revenge because it doesn't mean anything to him. You know he he has no concept of what he has done. Really? He just well. From what I can tell. I mean I didn't talk to the guy or anything. But I mean he doesn't seem to have any regard for anythi- anybody's life including his own. Right. <SEP> Wow. So it's it's kind of strange that you know. Uh-huh. No no remorse whatsoever huh. <SEP> No. Huh-uh. Well I guess in cases like that you know where the guy would obviously go out and do it again I mean you've got to do something. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well it's funny because when you know they interview you before you go on the jury and for capital murder I was interviewed by four attorneys for about five hours. Right. Wow. <SEP> And I. The. I was the I think the ninety eighth person they'd interviewed. You're kidding. But you know at the time when the guy kept saying could you ever convict someone. And do you think you'd ever know beyond a doubt. And I said I can't imagine. I said if I knew beyond a doubt or if I felt beyond a doubt that he had done it yeah. I guess I could convict him. But I can't imagine you ever making me that sure of something. Right. <SEP> But they really did. It was it was really amazing. Really? Well I guess if the police came out and saw him fire the gun. <SEP> Well that was a subsequent case that we didn't know about. And those jurors don't know about. Oh really? But this particular case I mean they had a complete confession from the guy with a lot of things that that the police hadn't released. Okay. <SEP> So no one else would have known. Oh. It was it was really pretty interesting. Wow. What. <SEP> Educational. I guess cases like that I don't see why they wouldn't bring in the new evidence from the other case. Well they can't they can I think in the punishment phase but not in the guilt or innocence because he hasn't been he hasn't been found guilty of it. Okay. <SEP> Of that crime. Right. But he was found guilty of anoth-. Okay. <SEP> Right. So you know it's although it's not going to take much to prove that. That works. Right. <SEP> So. Well they pushing the death penalty? Uh yeah. This guy is up for the death penalty. Wow. <SEP> Uh and in Texas there is there is a couple of questions you have to ask uh in the punishment phase. Uh for example was the guy provoked and was the response reasonable given the provocation. And there is a number of questions. And just depending on whether you say yes or no uh you you can give him capital punishment. And if you're up to the point where if he still qualifies for capital punishment then you can look at mitigating circumstances. Okay. So. So there is a lot of outs. But the only result is otherwise he gets life in prison. Yeah. And I'm really kind of against life in prison anyway because it costs so dog gone much. <SEP> Yeah. Right. And and to me I mean you take away a person's freedom you've taken away most of their life. That's true. I mean if you're going to put him in prison for life with no chance for parole. <SEP> Yeah. But. But then you have to look at reality. I mean I think you know normally they they may get out. So. That's true. <SEP> But what is it worth? I don't know. Uh-huh. Personally I don't know which I would pick if I had a choice for myself. That's true. I mean I don't know whether I'd stay in prison or not. Or. <SEP> Yeah. So you said you're from Mississippi? Yes ma'am. And do they have the death penalty there? Yes. They do. I. They've had a a number of cases here. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean not a whole lot. Well Jackson I heard just the other day had their sixty-first murder this year. Uh-huh. It was like last like year they had forty-nine. So that's going up. <SEP> Uh-huh. But yeah. They have a death penalty. I hear of one every now and then. Uh-huh. And I visited the prison up here and at Parchman. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I've been. I haven't. They won't let you on death row. But they'll let you look down the hall. Um. Yeah. You can't see any prisoners. And and it's kind of a weird feeling. I've been. <SEP> They took us around on a tour you know. And I went got to walk in the gas chamber. Ooh. And it is kind of a weird feeling knowing you're sitting there saying like people have died here. <SEP> That's right. But I guess just going up there and seeing the surroundings and stuff the people up there.
sw2756.txt:And uh what part of Virginia uh? Uh I live down in the south western part of Blacksburg. Blacksburg. Okay. I've been. <SEP> Uh-huh. Have you ever heard of Virginia Tech? Sounds vaguely familiar. V P I. Yeah. Okay. <SEP> Yeah. Okay. I I hadn't been down in that part of the state really. Uh-huh. Okay. Well we vacation a lot. How about you? Quite frequently. Uh I wish we did. <SEP> Well we retired early. Oh okay. So we're we take trips pretty often. Where all you guys go? <SEP> Well we go to Maine every Fall. Uh-huh. Then that's kind of a family visit and a vacation all up and down the coast. Uh-uh. <SEP> And I have a daughter in Texas and one in New Mexico. So we go out there. And we go to Florida. Uh. And down oh. We were just out recently at the outer banks of North Carolina. All these places that I've never been. <SEP> Is that right. Where do you go? Uh. What type of vacation? Well it really depends. I mean uh seems like I do a lot in the Midwest lately. Uh my uh fiancee's family's from Wisconsin. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so we've been out there a couple of times. And uh I uh went to Purdue for a couple of years. So I've gone up to Indianapolis on occasion to visit friends. Uh-huh. And uh uh I'm a real big baseball fan. So I usually try to combine it with uh catching a couple of games somewhere. <SEP> Uh-huh. What club do you follow? I'm uh I'm a big Red Sox fan. Red S-. Good. But uh I uh. <SEP> Me too. Uh you're a Red Sox fan too? Yeah. Uh-huh. I usually try to catch whoever's in town though I don't specifically. I you know go to Cleveland to see them play the Indians or the Red Sox. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh uh that's about it. We don't I mean we do a lot of little trips around here uh. And uh. Ever go up in Pennsylvania in the mountains. Or. Not that much. We've gone out to um uh a place in western Pennsylvania called Falling Water. <SEP> Oh. Uh have you ever heard of it? I've heard of it. I've never been there. Yeah. It's it's really neat. It's this house built on on a waterfall. And it's uh really cool. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um of course we keep picking crummy weather to go out there. Uh the first time we went out there was uh the day after hurricane Hugo had come through. <SEP> Gee. So I mean they they didn't have any power. And it was really cold and and rainy. And uh we went up about a year later. And it was better but not a whole lot better. Uh-huh. So uh where else did we go uh. We've gone to Richland last year and uh had a good time down there. <SEP> Oh did you? Did you go to Williamsburg. <SEP> Have you been down there? Uh my girlfriend has with her sisters. But I haven't been down there. Uh-huh. Uh I hear that's nice. We're going to get down probably down Norfork sometime this Summer just to see why catch a football game actually. <SEP> Uh-huh. We were down. Well when we came back from the outer banks we came up due Norfork and spent the night there with a friend in Portsmith and then went to Williamsburg and spent a night. Uh spend a day and a lot of money. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I've heard uh. I'm not real interested in Williamsburg because of the of the price attached to it. Yeah. We just. We. I. <SEP> But it's a pretty neat down to just go and walk around if you like to walk. It's a good town to just walk in. Uh. Uh yeah. We'll do that. <SEP> You can go to the buildings and not go in if you're not. Oh okay. So I can wander around without. <SEP> Yeah. You can wander. It's a good town to wander in. Oh okay. I just have it pay somebody to get into the buildings? That's right. Oh okay. I didn't know that. Yeah. I think uh they do the whole with you know paying. <SEP> Yeah. They really did throw away a lot of money to get getting one thing or another. Yeah. But they had a good time. So. <SEP> We really didn't do that really this time we just uh visited around. Uh uh. We've done it a couple of times. And that's enough for uh probably another twenty years. Yeah. I was uh. We use it live in California. And uh my um. Up up around San Francisco. And uh there was one year when my father was uh my father's company was starting to do stuff down in Los Angeles. So my father was working down in Los Angeles for like uh six months or so. Uh actually I think it was closer I think to a full year. And you know we'd he'd fly down there on Mondays and fly back on Fridays. Well any time we had a school vacation or something like that we went down to Los Angeles. So I saw I went to Disneyland about five times in one year. <SEP> Oh. And I really have no great urge to go back now. That's great as a kid though isn't it I mean. Oh it was great because uh well the times that were really fun were when uh we had vacation. But the kids in Los Angeles didn't. <SEP> Uh-huh. So we basically had one of the parks. Right. Uh Disneyland I mean there's still a lot of people at Disneyland. But there was another um another amusement park down there Busch Gradens uh. There was nobody there when we were there we got we won a log floating ride like five straight times. We just get get done with them and they go oh do you want to go again. <SEP> Sure. Have you ever. You've never been down to Epcot at Florida and Disney. No. I'd like to sometime. <SEP> That's good. But. We we really enjoy that. We've been two or three times and probably go back again this winter. Yeah. I've never been. The fartherest south I've been on the East Coast is Charlotte. <SEP> Oh. So I um keep wanting to get further. You know I thought I would go to Florida a couple Summers ago. Uh-huh. But never did it. <SEP> Charleston is a really nice place to visit. My uh my sister lives in Charlotte. And they've gone to Charleston a couple of times and had a real good time. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. It's a real pretty place. Uh yeah. One of these days we'll get down there although. I don't know when we're going to have vacation to do it. <SEP> We're uh we're getting married in about a year. Oh are you. And our honeymoon we're going up to this um uh place in Wisconsin called Door County. <SEP> Yeah. It's up by Green Bay. It's a place my girlfriend's also wanted to go. Uh-huh. And uh. <SEP> Is it on uh one of the lakes? It's um uh. I don't if you've ever seen a map of Wisconsin. But there's kind of like a little a little thing sticking out uh in the Lake Michigan. Uh-huh. That's Door County. <SEP> Oh okay. Yeah. That would be really nice. So. Yeah. They call it the Cape Cod of the uh the Midwest. <SEP> Oh. So uh we're thinking that'll be a lot of fun. Uh-huh. She uh she had this uh book of pictures from it that were really nice kind of like a travel guide. <SEP> Uh-huh. Sounds good. So uh that should be a lot of fun. Well I don't know what our next trip will be I guess our next. Well I know what my next trip I'm going to be a grandmother in July. Oh. <SEP> The first the first one. Oh boy. So my next trip is going to be to Texas. Oh that'll be fun. <SEP> Yeah. In the middle in the middle of the Summer. Well yeah. You won't even notice it though. <SEP> Well they'll be air-conditioning anyway. So. Is that is that how you got into this uh this you know uh data base? Yeah. <SEP> My daughter's a temp at Texas Instruments and working on this project. Oh okay. Yeah. I was I was just. I mean most of the people I've talk to are from are from Texas. <SEP> Uh-huh. So when I you know when I heard you were from Virginia I was like oh okay there's somebody different. And you said oh I got somebody down in Texas. I go okay that the connection right there. That's it. Yeah. <SEP> I talked to one in California. I never asked him the other day how he was connected. I don't think he was T I employee. Uh I uh. Most people talk to Texas. There's been a couple of other the people uh most of whom are like me that work in in speech labs that are going to use data base eventually. Oh I see. So uh it was fun. I actually yesterday I ended up talking to somebody else from the same lab I'm in. <SEP> Is that right. Well we spent last week end in Charlotte with real good friends that had just moved to back East from Oklahoma. Oh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And she's uh working on this project too. I mean she's talking on the project too. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh we got back Monday. And I got a call yesterday. And it was her on T I Network. Uh that's neat. I haven't uh I haven't had something like that happen just uh just getting the one guy from the lab. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh you're sure have a nice town. Uh my uh sister lives on Lake Norman just. Oh does she. <SEP> That's nice out there. Yeah. Uh we keep wanting to get down there and visit them over the Summer. And it's never really works out. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. It's real pretty. Yeah. Well. Traffic not much else we do for vacation really. Uh just so we don't haven't been able to take really. <SEP> Are you a golfer? No. No. Me either. No. Are you guys golfers. <SEP> No. Uh-huh. Or uh. No. Uh-huh. Nope. Not too much into sports. Except our outside though. <SEP> Just walking that's all. Oh I don't think there are any traveling that was in my early teens down in that area. And I'm know real sure there are um. No professionals. When uh. I was thinking I might be minor league. But. <SEP> Oh there's one in Salem Salem Rebels. Yeah. Salem Rebels. Buccaneers. <SEP> Buccaneers. Oh okay. Yeah. Um yeah. I may be seeing them um in a town just west of here Frederick has a uh has a minor league team that plays in the same league with Salem. And uh I think we may be seeing them this weekend. Oh. <SEP> Is that right up there in Frederick? Yeah. I think they're out of town. Uh-huh. Yeah. Uh that's a nice little town actually Frederick uh. <SEP> I've never been up there. I've never visited Baltimore. I'd like to go just sight see a little bit sometime. Oh there's there's some nice things in Baltimore you know. The Inner Harbor and the uh the Aquarium and all that are very nice. Uh-huh. Uh they've just done a uh. You known I. You know the Aquarium is one of those things that you know because everybody.
sw3171.txt:Where is your favorite place to go? Well we haven't traveled outside the United States that much. Uh we usually take family type vacations. We're looking forward to one in October to Disneyworld in Florida. Oh that's great. <SEP> We have a nine year old. Have you ever been there? When when both of my kids were much younger. And this time we're going to be going with just one daughter. And she's nine. So it ought to just be a ball. Oh that's a perfect age for Disneyworld. <SEP> Uh-huh. I think so too. Oh that's great. Yeah. So we've been there a number of times. And uh we're going next year. We have a business trip every fall. Well we go on a lot of business trips. I I don't work. <SEP> Oh wonderful. So you travel a lot. Well we do. We g-. My husband travels a couple times a month. And in the position he's in they don't care if I go along. <SEP> Uh-huh. So it's great. I just kind of join up when it's something interesting. And uh Disneyworld is the one for a week next year. Sure. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it will be at this time of the year. And this year we're leaving uh uh matter of fact we're leaving next Saturday for New Orleans. Oh that will be fun too. Have have you ever been there? <SEP> Yes. We went years ago. We haven't been lately. And I know they've changed it a lot and upgraded everything. But we used to have a lot of fun there. Well you know we went there once. In fact we had been in Dallas. And we were on our way home. And we were driving. And we said let's go to New Orleans. So when he said well this year you know I have a week there on a a project. He's going to be. And then I said well I'll going along. I hope it's swimming season. Because it wasn't a tremendous thing amount of things to do. That I wanted to do there. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. If you don't like the night life and the antique shopping there isn't much there. But that can be fun. It well and that's probably. We do like the night life to an extent. And they do have a Mardi Gras night planned. Uh-huh. And I'm kind of anxious for that. But uh yours to Disneyworld sounds a little bit better. <SEP> Did you know that next week there's several T V shows coming from there in celebration of their anniversary. No. I know this is a real good time to go because they are having so many activities and special shows. Well and with a daughter nine it is just. She's old enough to really grasp the meaning behind. <SEP> Yes. Be excited about all of it. Uh so well if you're working then you're probably on a limited amount of time per year that you can go. <SEP> Well not really. We're doing the same thing. Tying it in with my husband's business trip. And I just save vacation for things like that. And uh just travel whenever we can. Oh that's. Well I really I think travel. When I heard my topic today I thought okay that's my fav- that's my favorite. <SEP> How easy. Becau-. Right. And really at our point of life our children are grown. And uh it has just worked out really well with this uh position he's in. Because I can go at a spur of the moment or what have you. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it depends where he's going whether or not I decide to go along. Sure. But I do do like to travel. And it's uh. I don't mind the pool life at all during the day. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I like to sight see. And I love to shop. Uh-huh. So it's. <SEP> So that's perfect. What more could you ask for? That's right. But it. And then got to pick and choose the places. Well and one of my very favorite is Las Vegas. <SEP> Oh. Uh that. I would have to say we both end up going to Las Vegas uh probably once every maybe year and a half. Uh-huh. And presently we have quite a few frequent flyer miles. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so I've just requested that they send us two of our coach tickets. Because we have a lot of flying with Continental. Uh-huh. And they're recommending that you use those because they don't know the future of Continental. <SEP> Right. It's kind of shaky. And I said now that we have all the miles. We better start using them. That's true. Uh. <SEP> It really is. So we are thinking that we might go to Las Vegas during the winter this year sometime for just kind of a quick trip. Uh when we normally go that way we like to go to California at the same time because we really don't get out there as often as you could probably from Texas. Uh-huh. <SEP> Our last big trip we drove through New Mexico and Colorado and went to the Grand Canyon and and uh back through Silverton and Durango. And oh it was fun. It was so relaxing and a really neat part of the country. And the kids were old enough to really enjoy it. Our. I think that's a good trip. Uh-huh. And really for the children to learn as well for a family vacation that would be excellent. <SEP> Right. Now we did what we sometimes do since we are in Ohio. And it takes a while just to even get to the what I would call the more picturesque part of the country. We will fly to something like. Once we flew to Colorado to Denver. And then we rented a car for two weeks. And we went through the northern route and through Utah and as far west as Las Vegas. Uh-huh. And then we returned through uh New Mexico that you just mentioned. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it was oh it was just great. Oh there's too much to see really. <SEP> Oh I I think that's that's the way to.
sw2460.txt:All right. Well I have a lot of different teams that I like to to keep in touch with. Of course Texas Rangers being one of them. I mean uh you know you can't live in Dallas without you know. Well what are the others? Well uh I originally came from Saint Louis. So uh the Saint Louis Cardinals are one uh. I moved to Kansas City. See I have I have a tendency to a adopt teams when I wen- go to a tea- uh go to a town. <SEP> Well it's helpful. Yeah. So uh I lived in Kansas City for a couple years. And I adopted the Royals. I lived in Houston for two and a half years. So I adopted the uh uh the Houston Astros. So I mean you know I've got quite a few. Well do you keep up with the statistical stuff? No. I don't I don't get into that too much. Eve- every once in a while I will keep in in touch with maybe like who's in the top five of hitting or something like that. But I don't get into you know how many errors somebody has or things like that. <SEP> Well there's there's a guy on that was on show that I listen to going to work in the morning who does uh uh. Uh-huh. It's essentially trivial statistics. Uh-huh. <SEP> But they've got a st-. It's a statistic that has to do with winning and losing one run games. I've heard of that one. And apparently the Rangers last year won a lot of one run games. Well I didn't know that. That's supposed to be a real good statistic uh. <SEP> Well it it it is. But it's the it's it's a reverse indicator. Well that's true. They don't have the offense to uh to get out or to have the the more runs. So. Well what the what the argument is. And it it it it's one of these statistical. Gee how can you draw a conclusion from it. But they find that tha- tha- there's a connection between that and how they do in Spring training the following year. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh it's strangely enough it's almost like the law of averages catches you on the following year. Huh. Which means that if you have a good year winning one ru- one run games that the following year you'll have a bad year. And they they've got um they've looked at I think twenty-three teams uh. And and the uh statistics are something like twenty-one out of twenty-three. It was. Which means the Rangers are going to have a terrible year. I uh. Which I was kind of leaning toward anyway to tell you the truth. <SEP> Well I mean and it's uh uh. I don't know. What do you what do you think of Incaviglia's loss. I kind of think it was necessary. I mean I i- i- I don't I'm not a a big um pure power hitter anyway. I mean I don't like these guys that get up there and swing for the downs every time. I mean uh I think that uh that a player ought to hit a home run if he's got the pitch to do it. But when you get two strikes on you you have a tend- you know you should you know shorten your swing a little bit you know. If it's a perfect shot go for it. But I mean you know the strike outs were a big problem for him. And uh plus supposedly what I heard he was not much of a team player anyway. So. Well it it's an interesting concept though when you look at uh of of how baseball how apparently. I was reading in the paper tonight that the Detroit Tigers are going to sign him. And uh and the point of of I guess. I don't understand the the strategy of how baseball works. But it seems that you know they can sign him tomorrow. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he could go in the team the next day. And and and they put him in the lineup. And he hits a home run. And all of a sudden he becomes a hero. Yeah. Well that's true. And and all he has to do is hit the ball. I mean you're not a-. And all he has to do is one you know hit it once. It doesn't. He can he can stri- he can swing a couple times. If he fouls it up he can swing as much as he can. Right. <SEP> It's an interesting uh an interesting concept of of how they do it. But I agree with you. I think that I think that's part of what uh baseball needs more of. I uh I I guess what bothers me is is that when you go um you wait and wait and wait. And finally a guy gets up there and blasts a home run. And that's all the game is. I'd rather see the ball hit around and have the people. Yeah. Well there's there's another point to that too. They said the that um that he was horrible at uh at batting with with men on base. Now having somebody get up and hit a solo home run does you you know gives you run obviously. Yes. But I mean if you can't do it with men on base there's something definitely wrong um you know. You you've got to be able to get the two and three run home runs you know to to be able to uh score enough runs to be able to win in these uh in this day and age. So. <SEP> Yeah. Well how do you think the Royals are going to do? I think the Royals will do okay. They have they have several pitchers that had badly years last year. And they are they're these uh cycle pitchers. They they pitch one year bad one year good one beer bad one year good. Saberhagen has won uh supposedly the Cy. I think he won Cy year uh two out of three years. And uh you know so he's very much due for a good year. Well are they going to beat are they going to beat Oakland? Well now see that's a good question. I that's I don't know how Oakland's going to react to being uh swept in the World Series last year. They could very easily uh take that as a challenge. Which is the way most teams nat- you know naturally do. Uh and and just go out and not give anybody a chance to beat them. <SEP> Yeah. So. Well I go to Saint Louis from time to time. And I watch I I watch their sports up there. And they're uh they're certainly intense about the Cardinals they. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh yeah. Baseball is their is their life up there like football is down here I think. Y- did you actually live in Saint Louis? I lived in the suburbs of Saint Louis. Yeah. <SEP> Ye- everybody does right. Yeah. That's true too. I think that's all that they have. I had a friend from college that lives in uh. It's well I should say on the west side. I mean everything's on the west side. Manchester? Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh out that way. Um. And I went and visited him. But anyway it is interesting. Well how are the Cardinals? Do you still keep up with them or someth-. Yeah. Oh yeah. I I definitely do. In fact I've got family that still lives up there. Um from what I hear from everybody up there they're not going to have a good year because they let too many people go. But I've been following Spring training. And they're like one of the best teams in spring training so far. <SEP> Well is that a good indicator? That well it can be. It it really kind of depends on on um what they were you know what they were looking for. In other words if if in Spring cra- training they were looking at all their kids like a lot of them do um then it really doesn't give you any indication. But if they were uh playing the people that they're going to play then that might be pretty good indication. So you know it's it's not a great indication because there have been teams that have just you know come out and just won all kinds of games in Spring crani- training and then gone on a you know fourteen game losing streak in the first of the season. So. You know what I think is remarkable is uh. It seems that what you really need to do to win though is to have a team that has reasonable talent and has some people that have have have real breakthrough years. Exactly. Yeah. <SEP> And and the question is how do you forecast that. You can't. If you had to if you had to bet on who would be in the World Series I mean it would be really tough. Right. Th- I think the best thing that you can do is go with um the players that are that have the talent to do the best years. And um that they hadn't had these uh gigantic uh career years yet and and just kind of assume that you know so- one of them is going to break through eventually. <SEP> Yeah. So. And I I think they said the Reds um. This last year I'm not sure that they said that they had that many people having career years. Yeah. You know and and so they may be even be- better this year. <SEP> Well well when are the Rangers going to come through th-. Uh that's a good question. I. The Rangers have a have a pitching problem. And whether or not they can fix that or not is going to be an interesting question. They're doing the right thing though uh. They are going with their farm system. They're letting their farm system uh build up and stuff like that. And. Well is there enough money. That's part of it. I uh. That was part of Skip Bayless' argument. Uh-huh. <SEP> I don't know if you read Skip Bayless but a a local commentary. No. And his argument is that uh the ownership is not inclined to lose big money long enough to to bring in the big dollars. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um that's probably true. Would you would you agree with that? Well considering what I've seen in the last uh you know two seasons I'm beginning to agree with that. Yeah. But I mean you don't have to spend the big money as far as I'm concerned to uh to win. You just have to spend it if it's necessary. <SEP> Uh. In other words if you've got a player on your team who's helping your team then keep him there. Don't let him go away. Yeah. And I think that's really what's been hurting uh the uh Rangers. <SEP> Well didn't Kansas City put up quite a bit of money for their pitching staff. Oh yeah. They they spent more money last year than any other team in the in the league. And they were you know toward the bottom of the league. Uh so it's like I said spending money doesn't guarantee you uh winning a pennant. <SEP> Yeah. It really doesn't. So. Well and that I think that's maybe part of it that that the um. And it you know. If I owned the team. I think you'd like them to do well. But the question of losing big big money that what did did did Steinbrenner actually make money on the. Uh you got me. I you know I think that there's coming to a point real soon when ticket prices are going to be to the point where the average fan can't go. And once you do that you lose everything. I mean. <SEP> Well it's it it yeah it's a little bit like any other sport you know. When it starts costing you fifty or a hundred dollars to go to a game. Uh-huh. And uh you know I mean I I guess as we get older i- you're probably going. If if you if you compare to go to a a sport a a. Say you go to a rock concert or or even a performance a an opera or the symphony or something uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> If you know i-. But how how often do you do that. Right. An. I I I would I would think baseball probably feeds on a number of people that can go out there you know several times a. That that's the whole point. There are so many games in in a year that they've got to have repeat customers. <SEP> Yeah. They can't afford not to. And you know that's one of the things that I think Saint Louis has done um. I mean. Their you know their ticket prices are you know kin- I guess as high as anybody else's. But what somehow or another they attract uh so many people from som-. I mean they're a it's a small market. And yet they attract as many if not more than most uh uh most other cities. So. Yeah. But don't you think there's a there there are older fans there. I I don't mean older um you know. The fact that that it's it's a better established and that the the city is is is more of a.
sw3333.txt:All right. I've never done it before. So I guess that's all I have to do right. I guess so. I've been called several times. And I push in pushed in my number. They kept saying you have the invalid code. <SEP> Oh really. And then I found out that my new phone wasn't working right. Oh. Oh so this is the first time I've even done it. <SEP> Yeah. I wonder how long it's going to be on for. I think five minutes is the max. Oh no. I mean this whole thing like for two months or something. Do you know? <SEP> Oh I don't know. Yeah. Okay. Well back to crime. I guess we're supposed to talk about that. They say what aspect are you worried about. Well I think at this point I for one am worried about every aspect. <SEP> Right. Especially uh you since you're in the same metroplex. You know there's so much going on here. I think the drive by shootings are getting to be so common that's really a something you got to protect yourself from. Well that and in the schools too starting to put metal detectors in. Uh-huh. Golly. I know. <SEP> And. Have they done that in Garland? No. I. Not that I'm aware of. Now um. <SEP> I just heard you know last week at that one school they started putting them in because there was that one shooting. Right. So um. Well we had a vice principal shot at here last year on the you know on the school grounds after school. <SEP> Is that right? And the one boy killed himself a few years ago in the in a grade school. So you know these kids don't have any trouble getting a hold of guns in any in any neighborhood doesn't seem like. Uh-huh. <SEP> Not at all. Yeah. Yeah. So. Yeah. It's kind of scary to think you send your child to school. And you wonder if he's going to get shot. I mean we didn't have to worry about that before. <SEP> I know. What next? I know. It's it's it's getting. It's been out of hand I think for a while. And it just continues to get worse. Right. And you know we can't really depend on the police to solve all this. They just can't do it. <SEP> Yeah. I think it goes all the way back to the break up of the family to a certain extent. Right. And uh and how we going to bring that back together. <SEP> Yeah. That's. I thi-. I agree. I think that's where it stems from is that and um you know you've got a lot of a lot more women that are working nowadays that aren't home with the children. Uh-huh. Right. And. <SEP> And that may impact it as well. I think so. And and then there's a drop in uh the training of morals really you know. Right. Right. These some of these young kids you read about just doesn't bother them to kill someone at all. <SEP> Yeah. I think I think years past maybe our criminals had a little more morals you know wouldn't kill somebody in cold blood. They don't think twice about it. <SEP> Yeah. Either that or I don't know if it happened and it wasn't as highly publicized as it is now or what the what the. I think it was just rare. I really do. <SEP> Uh-huh. My mother well she's like seventy-four now. She when she was a young girl she had a beautiful beautiful cousin that lived in California. And she was dating this millionaire's son. And he wanted to marry her. And she wouldn't marry him. And so he drove out in the country one day and shot them both. And uh. You're kidding. No. I'm the one. <SEP> Himself and her? Yeah. That must have been at least fifty years ago or more. But the point of the story is that that was so unbelievable a thing in those days that it was in all the papers all over the country for weeks. Oh wow. <SEP> I bet. But now you know you wouldn't probably read about it here in Texas. Oh I know. It's just you know another killing. <SEP> Well they were. I was watching some show the other day. And they were talking about uh mass murderers. Uh-huh. And they brought up what happened in Killeen here recently. And they were saying you know that these guys want attention and that when it happens they're glorified because all the newspaper it's on all the newspapers and T V -s and everything. Um. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Lots of their picture and life story and everything. Right. And then you get to their life story. Oh they came from a broken family. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh this person had mental problems. Right. Oh duh duh duh you know. Right. <SEP> I know how we and straighten up all these twisted people before they do something terrible. Yeah. So uh that story I just told you about my mother's beautiful cousin well the same thing happened here in Arlington when was it I think it was oh it was almost a year ago in December to a girl that my daughter had graduated from high school with. <SEP> Is that right? Yeah. I think it was on a Hard Copy. She was a real attractive blond girl in in her freshman year of college. Uh-huh. And some boy she tried to get rid of he was like in his twenties. <SEP> Uh I remember seeing that. Remember that? I saw that on Hard Copy. Right. Right. That's uh. <SEP> Yes. My daughter graduated with her from Arlington High School. Is that right? Yeah. Can you believe it. That's just uh. <SEP> I'm trying to remember. He um had her in the car in front of a Taco or something. Taco Bueno. Right. Uh-huh. And he just shot them himself and her. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. I remember seeing that. Yeah uh uh. Isn't that weird? <SEP> Yeah. There's just too many crazy people out there these days. I know. And uh the police are not going to do anything until they they've committed some sort of a crime. You know he was just begging her on the phone. That's not doing anything. Yeah. And there are times I think gee I should give my kids gu-.
sw3187.txt:How would you feel about sending an elderly family member to a nursing home? Well I don't feel very good about it. But I think that at some times it can be the right thing to do. We sent my grandfather to a nursing home at the point when he was really incapable of caring for himself anymore. Uh-huh. <SEP> He actually died a few months after that. And so as. At least in retrospect it was the right thing to do. Because he was either in a nursing home or a hospital or something else that he would have been spending most of his time in those days. Right. And what type of recommendations did you have when you decided where to place him? <SEP> Um well the see uh well. We he wanted to get into a Mennonite nursing home which is very popular and hard to get into and had like a ten year waiting list. Oh my. Right. We wound up just choosing a another Mennonite nursing home that was easier to get into. Or but naturally. No. It was even Mennonite related. I'm sorry it was actually not a particularly great nursing home. Mostly the thing was that it was available when we needed it because he suddenly got sick and needed to be put in. Yeah. <SEP> So the convenience. Right. <SEP> Uh what do you think? My grandmother lived with us um until August um. And we made the decision to put her in a nursing home. She has leukemia. Uh-huh. And her the rest of her family and her regular doctors and everybody she trusted and knew was in Dayton and were several thousand miles away. <SEP> Yeah. So I made the decision to put her in a nursing home. And my sister being on the other end found one that she could have what was called an independent living facility. She had her own little room and didn't have to share it with anyone and could bring in her own chair and T V set. Yeah. So. <SEP> Yeah. That's important I would say. Yes. And that the other major factor is that she needs blood transfusions every week to ten days and would have to be hospitalized a day or two. So in this facility they can do it right there from her own room. <SEP> Okay. So she didn't have to be transported back and forth. So she's been there since August the thirteenth and seems to have adjusted pretty well. It's not her favorite place to be in. She'd much rather be here with me. But when it got to the point I was spending more time at the hospital with her. Yeah. And I've got little children here who needed me here. <SEP> Right so that. She needed somebody to watch her twenty-four hours a day. Right. And that becomes difficult then. So. <SEP> She was falling down and hemorrhaging. And you know all kinds of physical problems. So it just became too much for me to handle. Even though I would have liked to have had her stay with her health being what it was she couldn't anymore. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yep. We tried to convince my grandfather to live with us at several points during the last few years of his life. But he was essentially too proud and too independent so that even though his heart was getting incredibly weak and his knees were going bad he lived in his own house as long as he could. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. But he was living alone had an upstairs apartment could barely make it up the steps to the top without a great deal of pain. Oh. <SEP> And this. Eventually things just went too far. Yeah. And he allowed himself to be put into a nursing home. Yes. Well I think sometimes when people get to be a certain age other people have to kind of help them make decisions. It sure wouldn't have been Granny's decision to leave us and go back to a nursing home. But she's accepted it real well now. <SEP> Right. So. Well that's yeah that's right that the children have some responsibility too to their parents and such to help decide what's the right thing. Well we enjoyed having her here. <SEP> And. But we feel she's much safer where she is now. She still continues to fall. But when she does there a nurse is right there to help her. Uh-huh. And I know she's eating the right things. And her doctor's right there where he can come in and check on her. So. It became dangerous for us to keep transporting her back and forth in the car because she was so wobbly and needed a walker or a wheel chair. <SEP> Yep. So I think she'll adjust.
sw3182.txt:Do you have any hobbies? Yes. I do. What are yours? <SEP> China painting and ceramics. Ooh how great. I enjoy it. Uh-huh. Oh uh ceramic painting. <SEP> I enjoy the china more. The china more. And now that I have my eyes corrected to the point that I can see the delicate part of china painting I do enjoy it. How did you ever get into that? That sounds so interesting. <SEP> My husband kept begging me. And he's been dead now for twenty years. So you understand that this was a long time ago. But he finally brought me the china the book the brushes and he said I have made arrangements for your lessons. How marvel-. I. And I said I'll do it for three months. And if I don't like it that's it. Well I painted an awful lot until his death which was several years. And it has just been the most relaxing enjoyable self-satisfying thing I've had. I. Now do you do it just for yourself. Or do you do it to give as gifts. Or do you actually sell it? <SEP> I have sold quite a bit. I give a lot to our two daughters that are grown and have their home. And then I just have the rest of my house with lot of hand painting in it. Uh-huh. Oh that sounds mar-. Now do you work outside of the home? I have just retired. You've just retired. <SEP> Yes. Oh oh what a great hobby. No. It's not. I. <SEP> It's a great hobby. But don't retire. Don't retire. Oh. Well see I don't. I never uh returned to work for the p-. I have stayed home for about the last nine years. <SEP> Oh have well. We've transferred around. And our last area was in a rural section right on the lake uh on Lake Erie. So the lake life appealed to me. And my husband's working. And he left it up to me if I worked or not. Wow. So in my spare time I love to sew. There aren't too many people around anymore that really enjoy sewing. But I do make all my own clothes. And we recently purchased a new home. So I enjoy doing my uh toppers for my window applications and things like that. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. But uh just when I thought I really enjoyed my hobby yours sounds great. Well my sister is the seamstress of the two of us. And but she doesn't china paint. So we both have our expertise side. That is excellent. <SEP> What part of Ohio are you in? We're in the sub- I'm in the suburb of Cleveland. And I'm about uh fifteen miles probably from downtown Cleveland something like that. And Cleveland is located right on Lake Erie. And prior to this we were fifty miles west from here. So we were right on the lake. And Cleveland isn't all as bad as what you've heard. Oh what's that. And you do find people uh into the crafts and the things that uh various things for spare time. But I have never heard and I have actually never run into anyone into the china painting. And I'm just intrigued with it. <SEP> If you ever start be sure and start with a large piece that you can I mean a large flat plate. Um that way you can get the feel of. You're not cramped on these smaller objects. Right. Where you're getting into the delicate work. That's right. Now do you where did you first get your lessons from? <SEP> In Abilene Texas. Through a uh an adult ed or strictly a china type. She just taught china painting. Uh-huh. And. Oh how marvelous. <SEP> Then then we had so much fun there. I had a friend from Albany which is about thirty-six miles away. And we would meet every Thursday morning at our instructor's home because she did our firing for us. And she would help us. And we bought lots of equipment from her supplies. And it was just such a delightful time. And then after I. Oh and it's so nice. Beg pardon? It must be so nice for you now that you're retired. <SEP> I have been a little bit negligent about it because I was so tired when I had to go to work after my husband's death. So I have put it aside for a little while. But I'm I have just found me an instructor to get started again. Uh-huh. Oh isn't that great. And you'll probably really uh re- regain your enthusiasm for it once you get into a a class again. Uh-huh. <SEP> Of course I just have one beautiful p- with peonies uh umbrella stand. And I have two daughters. And they're both.
sw3403.txt:Well what's your favorite baseball team Rita? Well I suppose I'm supposed to say the Rangers right. Is that what I-. <SEP> Is the million dollar question here? Well that isn't a a true false or right or wrong test here. Yeah. Uh uh you know I would like to say the Rangers. But unfortunately they're not. I was from Illinois. And my favorite team was the White Sox. Not a Cubbies fan huh. <SEP> No. No. My family my dad was. But I turned out to be a White Sox fan. Well that's all right. I lived in Chicago. How do you expect them to do this year? <SEP> Yeah. They did pretty well. Okay. What did you think of the World Series? Well I'll tell you. I just uh moved down from South Dakota in July. And uh in South Dakota the Minnesota Twins are the closest professional sports team to where I was living. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so everybody was a Twins fan. And I was kind of uh didn't have much interest in the Twins you know. It was it was kind of pathetic I mean. We only had two radio stations. And one of them broadcast every Twins game live you know. And and the other one was country. So you didn't really have a lot of choice did you. So that's right. <SEP> There's was Twins there or you know Skip Williams. Or country. <SEP> Yeah. Oh uh and I was routing for the Twins myself because uh they a couple of Ranger players that I had watched when we first moved here uh went to Minnesota. And we used to tease about my son. And I used to have a bet going about some of the players that had moved from here to Minnesota. But it was int- it certainly was an exciting Series anyway. It sure was. It sure was. What do you think going to happen to the Rangers? Well I I would like to a- a- assume that they're going to do do better this coming year. <SEP> Or can we predict? I was sure hopeful anyway. When we moved down uh I was able to go to my first you know baseball game and thought this is great this is incredible. Uh-huh. So I became a Rangers fan. I didn't really have one in South Dakota. So I adopted the Rangers. Or rather they adopted me I guess. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh it was just exciting you know. You can watch baseball on T V. And they hit the long ball. And it looks like wow they really hit that ball. But when you go to the ball park it's really not all that far you know. No. And it's so much more exciting watching a ball come at you. And. <SEP> Oh isn't it though. You know but oh I I think going to the ball park just really makes it. Because then you watch it on T V you feel like you're more a part of it too. That's right. That's right. Well I'm a great sports enthusiast. So I love you know baseball teams. And they. In fact on the news tonight Nolan Ryan was on there. He was being he was put in the which I never knew existed the Restaurant Hall of Fame. The Restaurant Ha-. <SEP> The Restaurant Hall of Fame inducted him tonight. And he uh says he's coming back you know uh. Huh. He doesn't know how many years I mean to pitch. Right. <SEP> He'll be at least one more. And he said he's been saying one more and it's been two and three might be two and three more. He likes it. That's right. Yeah. And he's still doing great still doing excellent. <SEP> That's right. You know and he said I get a kick out of it you know. He's he's such a nice man. Well didn't he just sign a twelve year contract with the Rangers? <SEP> Yeah. And he. You know when he quits at being active he will go into you know being a managing and yeah you know being a coach I'm sure. Management. Right. <SEP> But he's uh he certainly is a good example uh for the kids. That's right. You know you like to have someone like that you could point to say see what a fine man that he is. You know some of the. Like uh Ivan Rodriguez wasn't even born when when uh Nolan Ryan started pitching. <SEP> That's right. And it's just incredible to think that there's uh there are players who are the sons of ball players that used to play against Nolan or with Nolan you know. Uh-huh. And now their sons are. <SEP> Oh he's been a legend for so many years you know. And I don't know. Were you here had you moved here yet when he did the exhibition at U T with his son. His son pitched for U T. And he pitched for an exhibition game for the Rangers. Uh-huh. I wasn't. Yeah. It was a. I think it was a little early part of the summer. And uh Nolan against. Was it Nolan against uh. <SEP> Ryan against Ryan huh. Ryan against Ryan. Yeah. His son pitched for U T. Well that is neat. <SEP> And uh only uh Ryan didn't want too much publicity on it because he didn't want his son getting too nervous about this whole thing. Uh-huh. A game is a game you know. Well the Rangers really uh knocked the socks off of them which you would expect you know anyway. Right. <SEP> But Nolan I think took himself out after a couple of innings or something you know of the game. So.
sw2851.txt:All right. Well uh quite a few. And they're varied. They don't uh uh encompass uh many handcrafts like knitting and that kind of thing. Uh-huh. But I do uh quite a bit of wreath making. And my dogs are my hobbies. I do a lot of gardening. I go to estate sales which takes up a lot of time. <SEP> Uh-huh. Now what do you mostly do? Well mostly right now I'm a I do a lot of sports and stuff like that is my hobbies and do a lot of things with my family as much as possible. We're uh we're about to take the kids to go roller skating and a birthday party and stuff. Oh. <SEP> So. Boy. Yeah. That should be fun. <SEP> Yeah. Fun for them. Yeah. How old are they? Uh I've got a little girl who's six and a little girl that's three. Well I think that's better than having that party at home. <SEP> Yeah. Well uh this is a friend's party. And they they rented. Or you know they. The party. They uh just rent skates and stuff for the kids. Yeah. So uh they're they're looking forward to it. And the the the skating rink does the rest practically I guess. <SEP> <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. Boy what a help that is. <SEP> Yeah. So uh. What kind of. How long have you lived in North Carolina? Well not that long. <SEP> Really? Uh just since October. We moved here from Enid Oklahoma. Oh. Uh-huh. So uh we are we're originally from Virginia this part of the country. <SEP> Uh-huh. But we did spend twenty years in Norman and Enid and loved it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But we needed to get back uh to our older parents. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I am loving it. The weather is divine. Really? Yes. <SEP> W- uh. Did you like Oklahoma while you were there? Oh yes. Very much. Yeah. <SEP> Um what did you all do? Well my husband was with uh University of Oklahoma and Phillips University in Enid. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then he went with uh a family corporation that had uh has oil and ranching and varied enterprises. Uh-huh. And uh he just quit a perfectly good job and came we came East. <SEP> Really? Yes. So is uh is he working there then. Or. Yes. Uh-huh. He's doing uh quite a bit of consulting work and has been offered a permanent position. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. And he's contemplating. Uh-huh. He he's liking this free time actually. <SEP> Oh yeah. It's just wonderful after all these years of working. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well how did how did you get uh hooked up with the T I switchboard thing? Um a gal who works uh with T I on this project. Uh-huh. I think she's a temporary worker. Uh mother is my best friend in Virginia. <SEP> Oh I see. So we have spread the word a little bit in this part of the country. I see. <SEP> Uh-huh. W-. My wife has talked more than I have uh. She's talked to four five different people. It seems like she hasn't talked to anybody from Dallas. In fact she's talked to a couple of people from North Carolina I think. Really? Yeah. Uh what is her name? <SEP> Her name's Tina. Yeah. Well I haven't talked to her. I haven't I haven't talked to a Tina yet. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. W-. Uh the the call was probably for her. They wouldn't accept my uh T I N number. So we put hers in. But uh uh like I said we're getting getting the kids ready to go to the birthday party. Yeah. So. Yeah. <SEP> But uh some of. Yeah. I I've only talked to one or two. And they've they've all been in Dallas. But she hasn't talked to anybody in Dallas yet. Yeah. Yeah. So that's interesting. Well you haven't told me uh what sports that you are active in. <SEP> Well the sport I like best probably is basketball. But uh I guess I'm probably better at softball. And so I'd. Like during the summer months it's occupies quite a bit of my time. Yes. But I play in a couple of leagues and and occasionally in a tournament or something on a weekend. But my family usually goes with me. We try to do everything we can together. Well I think that's uh easy entertainment for a family too. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well they uh. A good friend of mine that plays on one of my teams we uh. That's usually the team I play on with the tournaments and stuff. And they have a couple of kids that are almost my kids age. So they play together pretty well. Under the stands. <SEP> And. Under the bleachers. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Pretty much. And uh Tina enjoys uh the other lady real well. Uh-huh. <SEP> So they. You know that's kind of nice. It's like getting together with them. Yes. Well it's getting a little hot isn't it? <SEP> So to speak. It. Yeah. Well it's been raining a lot here so far. So we haven't really had any kind of real heat. I think it's going to be warm enough this afternoon we were noticing a while ago it's already eighty in in the house. So it looks like an air conditioner day. Yeah. <SEP> But. It sure does. Or maybe this evening anyway. Yeah. It. Yeah. But you know I'm sure you're familiar with that living here. Very much so. <SEP> We go we go through Enid you know quite a bit. We go to Tulsa from time to time. And my my parents live in southern Illinois. So we drive up there. Yeah. <SEP> And well l- lot of times we take seventy-five. And uh it seems like seems like that goes through Enid I know. No. No. It doesn't. <SEP> I've either seen the signs or. Enid is uh. It's in the northwest. It's uh directly across the straight uh state from Tulsa. Uh. Um. I know I've seen the sign somewhere. Sure you have. <SEP> Yes. Well Enid is not uh an unknown little city. Yeah. It uh. <SEP> Right. An awful lot of people know where it is or have been there. And it was uh a very uh self-sufficient uh wealthy uh town for a long time anyway. You know until uh everything happened. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh. Uh-huh. The bottom fell out. But. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. It's beginning to do well. But there's a lot of uh old time wealth there that has helped to stabilize things. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So uh how l-. You said you've just lived in North Carolina just like six months then is. Si-. Yes. Something like that. <SEP> And you really like it there huh? Oh. I've heard so many people talk about that area. I've never been there. Well it's it's pretty. <SEP> But they sure say it's pretty. The weather is wonderful. Uh this winter we. It was just. We had so many wonderful days. And. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh I. If it got to be forty degrees I decided it was too cold to to walk the dogs. Isn't it funny how how your standards change? Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It really does. My wife and I spent a couple years uh doing church work up in the state of Washington right on the coast. Yes. <SEP> And it rains you know a lot there. Sure. But you get used to it. I mean it's like a fine mist all the time. And it doesn't really. It gets to where it doesn't bother you. Well. <SEP> Carolina this part is very much like that too. Very foggy and misty. Really? <SEP> It. The moss grows on the trees in the woods up eight ten feet. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Right. <SEP> Yeah. That's the way it is was there too. Yeah. I think however that's like February. Uh I know it did it all February. And some people said to me `` Well that's our wintertime. ''. Oh uh-huh. Well I know you need to go. <SEP> But. And I've enjoyed talking to you. Well I have enjoyed talking to you too. It was nice to talk to you. Thanks so much. <SEP> Have a. I hope you enjoy North Carolina. Oh thank you. <SEP> And I hope you enjoy and get through that birthday party. <SEP> Yeah. Well I hope I live through it. Yeah. I do too. <SEP> That's what I hope. Okay. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye. Good-bye.
sw2602.txt:Go ahead. Okay. Do I still can- still can feel that the Soviet Union as such is still a threat to the civilized western world? Absolutely. And my reasons are based upon not only from what I read in the newspapers what I see on the newspapers but up against some of the fun and exciting things I ran into during my six years as a soldier in the Fifth Special Forces Group. Um. Okay. I guess I don't see them as much of a threat as they used to be. But I think just the instability of the country right now is sort of scary. <SEP> Well that's what makes it a powder keg. The um. I'll go back in time a little bit to about eighty-one when my first real involvement with the military started. Uh-huh. Um naturally we were at the time. The Soviet Union was considered to be the big military power and the big threat. So we got lots quite a bit of information as well as indoctrination on Soviet tactics and weapons. Uh-huh. <SEP> I went to Lebanon in eighty-three before the marines ever got there with the U N Peace Keeping Force. And with the training I received prior to going there with captured weapons we kept running up against. These weren't these weren't Chinese made copies. These were Soviet made top of the line fresh out of the box A K forty-sevens. As well as a lot of the explosives we were running into. Um uh-huh. In Granada in October twenty-fifth eighty-three we invaded the place. Sure there were Cuban soldiers there. But there was also a bunch of Russian advisors that were damn good shots. The team I was with we jumped in on the western tip of of the island down on Point Salinas. And for every Cuban there was at least five Russian advisors. Huh. <SEP> And they were all shooting state of the art Soviet weapons. In eighty-four I was down in Central America as an advisor to the Honduran Army. Again we were running up against Cubans quite a bit plus Soviet advisors. And the equipment we were capturing and taking from the Nicaraguans was brand new out of the crate Soviet made material. Do I consider them a threat? Absolutely. They have a university in Moscow called the Patrice de Lamumba University. About like A and M or U T where they're teachings subjects like that they're teaching terrorism. Some of the people we went up against in Lebanon were graduates from that place. And let me tell you they are nothing nice to go up against. Huh. I'm surprised during this Iraqi crisis we didn't have more incidents than they did. These guys are top of the line. When they when they graduate from there they can pull terrorist actions anywhere in the free world. And they are very very good at what they do. So until I see the entire quote old guard of the Soviet military of the Soviet government completely roll over and disappear preferably buried I still consider them a threat. Uh-huh. <SEP> Their military is different from ours to where there are extremist gen- generals that actually control tens and thousands of troops. That. Irregardless of what Soviet policy is they're going to do what the general tells them. Yeah. I guess that's what concerns me the most. Is they're they're so unstable that somebody like that could make uh decisions that would jeopardize a lot of people. Well it's in- interesting watching the different Soviet states Albania Lithuania doing their little revolts down there. Uh-huh. <SEP> Each one of those sectors has got a Soviet general over the troops that are there. So far they haven't run into the real psychos yet. There's probably five or six which would be an equivalent of our joint chiefs of staffs that are in positions over some of these Soviet states. If uprisings hap- happen in their sectors it is it's going to be a total blood bath. Yeah. It looks like it's come close to that as it is. Actually they're showing remarkable restraint. They get real nasty the hyundee helicopters come out. And they would level entire areas. Okay. You're from the Dallas area right? Uh-huh. <SEP> Okay. You know basically the size of uh the area around Richardson? Yeah. You put five Soviet hyundee helicopters in the air they can level the entire area. And there won't be anything left alive. And they can do that in about four minutes. Huh. <SEP> And they've got entire squadrons of those just standing by. They used them in Afghanistan did re- remarkably well considering the terrain they were flying in. But on a highly populated area like some of the Soviet cities would be with the weaponry that's attached on those things there is no place to hide. If the bombs don't get you if the bullets don't get you then then the nerve gas definitely will get you. The only drawback on that little piece of machinery is they only got five minutes of air time. They drink that much fuel. Uh-huh. Were you. Have you. I take it you haven't spent any time in the military? No. I haven't. <SEP> As a civilian that's never been attached to any form of the military. I know a lot of this stuff that I was involved in never did make the newspapers. Uh-huh. But during that same time frame didn't you get some feeling that I mean they're getting all these weapons and stuff? Didn't it bug you a little bit why they kept coming up with all this stuff? You mean in the in the most recent conflict? <SEP> In any of them since eighty-one. Oh. Yeah. Definitely. I I'm I'm a little bit shocked to what the U S has done in terms of selling to Iraq in the past ten to fifteen years. Yeah. I think we we kind of shoot ourselves in the foot that way too. It's bad enough that the Soviets do it. It all boils down to whether it's our side their side. It's a matter of money to a certain extent. Um. <SEP> Uh-huh. The deal the Iraqis have with the Russians was for oil. Yeah. It's scary to know that they're supplying that many people with weapons. Especially when it's to the south of us. <SEP> Uh the ones to the south are more regional conflict. They're not really that worried about invading north. They're more interested in. They've got a screwed up situation I'll give them that. From Mexico all the way down into Cen- Central and South America. The situation down there is weird. And it's very screwed up. Uh-huh. Inflation is out of this world. And the governments which our government has technically supported for years are corrupt as all get out. And generally the people are getting screwed. <SEP> And they're tired of it. And they're willing to try anything to get out from under it even if that means going to communism. Yeah. Well I think Russia is getting to the point where they're they're about to do something to get out of communism. I guess I'd would like to see somebody like Yeltsin to get more power. I think Gorbachev has about had his day. Unfortunately Yeltsin's got too many connections with the old guard. That's the only drawback that I see with the entire thing. Yeah. <SEP> Gorbachev has made his attempt. And he's had his problems with some of the old guard himself. Uh-huh. Yeltsin's in tight with the old guard. So it may be trying to choose between the lesser of two evils at this point. Uh-huh. <SEP> True. I don't know. I sure wouldn't turn my back on them. You mean. I understand when they pulled the troops out of uh or they reduced the number of troops in Europe after the Berlin Wall went down. I thought that was great. But by no means do I endorse or approve pulling everybody out. Uh-huh. <SEP> It may be a much reduced force than what we used to have over there. But you still better have the key players in place if something does go down. Even if it's a regional conflict. If United States is going to flex its muscle and be the super power that it is not only does it it can talk the talk but it's got to be able to walk the walk. It's got to have the stuff to back it back up what it's saying. If you've only got a token force there you can't hold your ground. At least they're learning a little bit from history. I mean uh.
sw3663.txt:Okay. Yeah. Well considering you moved here from California I guess the rain for the past few weeks has been different than what you have down there. <SEP> Yeah. We have uh in California. I'm in c- I lived in central California. We have rain couple times a year. And other than that you know it would be maybe October and then in the spring. And then other than that there wouldn't be any rain. So. Especially the last few years. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of it's kind of been a drought out there hasn't it uh. Yeah. There has. So here I know that uh last year there was some ice storms while I was out of the state. And I'm glad to see there haven't been any this year. Yet. <SEP> Yeah. Yet. Still could come. Huh. Generally if we're going to get them it's not going to happen uh prior to January one. Uh-huh. You may get a cold snap or two or some rain or something like we've been getting in December. But usually the bitterest weather if we're going to have any comes in January and February. <SEP> Yeah. Um. Then by March things are getting warm again. So we really don't have as long a cold season I guess as people up north. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It's so hard to predict here. It's been eighty degrees on Christmas day here before. Yeah. Lots of times. <SEP> Well today it's not bad out there. No. It's nice. I just came in from outside. Uh-huh. And it's it's really pretty. It's kind of nice to have it dry all the ground out before it rains again. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I'm a I'm a scoutmaster. And so I wind up going out camping with uh a bunch of boys at one time. And so it's better for us if it hasn't been this totally wet before we go. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. So you do that even in January huh? Oh yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. We camp year round. Yeah oh. That's interesting. But uh It's uh it's definitely different. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then I guess you've been through a couple of summers here too right? <SEP> Yeah. I have. And they're not too pleasant. It gets so humid. To me it's humid here. People that I know that come from uh like Georgia or North Carolina Yeah they say it's. Oh it is. <SEP> It's not as humid. As Houston say or Atlanta. <SEP> But it But more humid than Arizona. Yeah. <SEP> But I find it. And California for the most part. Right. Were you northern California? <SEP> I was central California. Central. Central valley. So that was Dry but pretty even climate wasn't it? Year round fairly Not wide fluctuations. <SEP> It's very dry there. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well it's pretty hot in the summer. It's in the usually you know. For a good three four weeks we have over a hundred degrees. But it's a drier. <SEP> But it's a dry heat yeah. Hundred when you have a hundred here everybody's dying. Uh-huh. Yeah. I know. Well I lived in Africa for a couple years in Cameroon. Oh. <SEP> And that's a tropical climate. And it really feels similar to this during the summer. What types of What type what type of business takes you to those climates. Or was that just vacation or something? <SEP> No. I was uh working with uh I still work with Wycliff Bible Translators. Oh. It's an organization where we are looking to translate the BIBLE into languages of the world that aren't yet written. Not so much still trying to translate old texts as just trying to translate modern versions into other languages. <SEP> Right. Languages that don't have anything written yet. So this is like the first thing that's written down. Or you know first an alphabet is developed. Oh. And then uh. That's interesting. <SEP> So. You don't think about that as a career a normal career uh when you're thinking of things that people might be doing. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well it's based here. Uh the international headquarters for Wycliff Bible Translators is right here in in Dallas. So you're you're with the home office now. Yeah. Right now I am. That's what brought me here. Yeah. Well the uh I think uh all in all there are a lot worse climates than Dallas uh. The weather you know does change fast. <SEP> Yeah. And things do happen severely a few times a year. But there's an awful lot of good weather too in between. Yeah. <SEP> I agree. I agree. I I thought the fall was really nice. Yeah. And usually a lot of the spring months are really nice too. After the last freeze. Uh-huh. And and when it begins to be in the sixties and seventies most of the time uh I like that. Particularly if I'm going to be outdoors and doing uh outdoor activity hiking and things. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that's nicer. Yeah. You probably do a lot of that with scout scouting. <SEP> Yeah. I do quite a bit of that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Think we're going in just a couple of weeks out to the east Texas. And it is a little more humid out there than it is here. So I guess we'll. Uh-huh. The only thing you have to watch out in this part of the country is during the change type seasons is the really severe storms that occasionally come through out here on the plains. <SEP> Uh-huh. There's not much between us and the North Pole. Yeah. And then when you get one of those tornado type systems through or severe hail or thunderstorms. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then.
sw2860.txt:There we are. Yes. Tell me what are some of the things that you did with your children when they were growing up? Oh well uh when they were little we did lots of reading and playing and going to parks and things of that sort. <SEP> And b- I had two boys. Uh-huh. They were both interested in things like model rockets. So we would go to the football field and set off model rockets. <SEP> I have two boys also. Uh my children are um are swimmers. And so as they were growing up much of uh our um normal life outside of school and everything arou- uh revolved around their swimming. Uh-huh. So in order to have a reason for being there especially as they got older I became involved in it too. So we were always together at their meets. Oh well that's good. Um mine were not terribly sporting. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh they both did T-ball and soccer in grade school. Uh-huh. But neither one of them carried on uh the sports after that. <SEP> Yeah. The the boys tried those. But they w- they did go in. They started swimming when they were oh seven and eight. And they really loved it. And they're swimming both c-. They'll be. One is in college also swims in college. And the other will continue to swim in college. And they're fortunate. They ma- even made nationals. Oh wonderful !. Oh that's great !. And so we would drive up to see that when w- whenever it was reasonably close. But we did a lot of things um. And we tried to do things both together and individually with the children um. Yeah. I. <SEP> We live near Washington. So we we would always go in for the museums. Sure. That's always a big uh thing. And one of my children is uh also a musician. So um one of the things that we did with him a lot was to go either my husband or I or both of us would t- concerts with him. Uh-huh. <SEP> And my other child um uh is in big into tropical fish. Uh. So our whole family we take family trips to different places to visit fish stores or go to fish shows. So. My goodness uh. <SEP> Well we didn't have any uh avid uh activities like that. They they were interested in a lot of things. But nothing to quite that depth I guess. But we would. <SEP> I don't think we've we've missed a fish store on the entire east northeast coast of the United States. Oh my goodness. Well we did go to things like aquariums and uh uh natural history museums and zoos and all of those things that one does with kids uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yes. In fact it's funny. Our vacations have always been um uh uh as as they've gotten older. When they were younger we would go to the beach. But as they got older we tried to pattern our vacations where we would travel and do things and that there would be a a feature each day. Whether it would be going to. Uh-huh. Uh yes. <SEP> One summer we uh we went up to New England. And we went to the marble quarries up there and uh to see that and another day fish hatchery. Oh really. And so we did you know we did try. Yeah. <SEP> And of course we learned too. Yeah. But uh and uh I don't know. I uh. When they were very young I did not work. Yeah. Well I started working half-time when uh they were at the nursery school. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I. Yet. And I I started working part-time when they were in um junior high school and high school. And now and I worked in the school system. And now I work a full school day. But that leaves me off on holidays and summers. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it was a it was a you know. I think they need me more when they were older than they did when they were. Yeah. Well uh I think it uh they need you in different ways. <SEP> That's true. Yeah. You want to be around for the crisis and things like that. And but it's not quite so much the hand-holding and peanut butter and jelly making. That's right. <SEP> Um yeah. That's that's for sure. That's for sure. What do you do you have any feelings as to the trends that you see? Well it lo-. O-. The one trend I would say is that with so many more women choosing professional careers there are fewer of them home in the afternoons. Uh-huh. And I don't think it needs to be the mothers. But I think it would be nice if some of the parents would be around for a few more hours. <SEP> Yeah. When they you know. It was funny. I can remember. And my mother and I have talked about it to how important it was when I came home from school. Um. It wasn't really conversation. But there were always things that just tumbled out. Yes. <SEP> And uh uh granted the child doesn't always think that they're sharing it. But it. When they when it's not there they miss it. I think that's true. But I d- I also think that's at least in my experience truer of girls than boys. Uh-huh. Even when I was there my boys didn't share all that much with me and certainly not to the extent I did with my mother. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. No. I I I realize that. But it's funny. They don't always do it. But occasionally they do. And you want. Yeah. Uh-huh. And when they do there's a reason for it that they're sharing it. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you want to be avail- at least I've wanted to be available when they for some reason they had they were bouncing something off of me. Because it was something that was bothering them or they were concerned about. Right. And it was uh. You just felt gee if I weren't here how. Uh-huh. <SEP> Or or if my husband. Who would they ask? That's right. Or what would they do? <SEP> Yes. That's exactly right. Uh but it has been um it's been interesting and particularly I I think because the society in which we live families are separated. You don't have grandparents near by or aunts and uncles. Uh-huh. Um I mean I grew up in a situation where on weekends we were always visiting relatives. Yeah. Well I did too. We were close to my uh maternal grandparents I mean just a few miles and uh close enough to visit my paternal grandparents you know quite often. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. They were fifty miles away. But. <SEP> See and we're. Uh that. We I I grew up with you know. Every weekend there was some visiting somewhere. Uh-huh. Um and it was sort of an Italian family. Um. <SEP> Um but my children. We although we have some relatives in the area that we we see we. They don't ha-. It's not that constant thing where you are on intimate terms with cousins. Right. Well when my kids were quite small uh we lived close to both sets of grandparents. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they saw them a lot. But they don't have any cousins uh. Or they didn't. Yeah. Their uh their cousins are about ten years younger. <SEP> Uh-huh. So uh they never played together or anything. Yeah. And I I just sort of think yeah. And there are only two of them. And they didn't live in the same town. <SEP> That. The trend of of families and time. Where where parents are spending less time you don't have the families too to take up the gap. That's right. And so the kids in some ways are are are suffering a little bit in that uh the model the role models that get the the the family issues that get discussed and all these I think are very important parts of them growing up. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. So we we try to to do it as well as we can. We keep in close contact with grandparents and talk over the phone. Uh-huh. <SEP> And cousins and aunts and uncles. And we do. But it's although it's not the same we are. And that's part of I think teaching too is what a family is like. Because then h- how do they pattern their own? Well everyone makes its own model. But uh i- it seems that there should be some continuity. Yeah Um. And it's helpful to have uh things that become family traditions and that sort of thing. <SEP> That's. Yeah. Well we've always we have had this tradition um that we always go out before Christmas and cut our own tree. Uh-huh. And that's always been a little bit of a tradition that we've had. Now this year it's was hard with our son now being in college. Yeah. <SEP> So this was one thing that we um weren't able to do this year. But we did that for e- from the time the children were young enough to realize what it was until uh our older son went away to college. Oh well that's the kind of thing that they will remember though. And we have advent calendars still from the time that they came you know to. Uh-huh. <SEP> Ours finally disintegrated. Oh. We had a felt one that was li-. It was a Christmas tree that had uh a little trinket for each day that was pinned on the date. <SEP> Oh yes. That's. Uh-huh. And then you took it off and put it on the tree. So at the end you had a decorated tree. <SEP> Well o- ours is uh. A friend uh a friend of mine from Denmark hand appliqued one for each child. And it finally got moth-eaten. We threw it way last year. How nice. <SEP> And I mean they look today as new as they did when they gave them to she gave them to us. And there's a ring. And you buy a present. Oh I see. And you wrap the present up. And I mean the presents have gone from the days when they were very young to a little box of Band-Aids and an eraser and things. How cute. <SEP> To today where um sometimes I put a little gift if I see something that's uh occasionally a Christmas tree decoration which they will save for their their future to sometimes just money uh pieces of candy. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> So I think as they're getting in college I just. For my older boy that was in college I put a dollar bill for each day. Which was the equivalent. Oh I'm sure he appreciated that !. Well it was the equivalent of a Christmas present. Uh-huh. <SEP> But it was uh and it was and you know it was fun. But that's a tradition. And they will those will be passed on to them when they when they get married and leave. Yeah. Well you were saying what other trends are there. And one just occurred to me because I was editing a book about it recently. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that is the trend in a lot of uh lower class areas for the grandmothers to be raising the children. Yes. Yes. And that's. A lot of it is due to the fact that the mothers are on drugs. <SEP> The b-. Yes. And the broken families. We um as I said living in an area of Washington D C. We definitely see this uh. Uh-huh. And uh it's that grandmother figure not only raising her own children but raising um children from the streets too frequently. Right. Well we had a sociologist at the center where I work who was writing a book on uh multigeneration um matriarchies in a way. Uh where the tradition in the family has been for a teenaged daughter to have a baby while she's still living at home with the mother. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And. <SEP> Yes. Well this is a this is a si-. Uh this is in fact uh. We've been studying this in our school that um this is one of the symptoms or not the symptoms. It's one of the ways that young girls feel that they are maturing. It's a rite of passage. Yeah.
sw2151.txt:Okay. Okay. Well what do you think about the idea of uh kids having to do public service work for a year? Do you think it's a. <SEP> Well I I think it's a pretty good idea. I think they should either do that or or afford some time to the military or or helping elderly people. Yes. Yes. Def-. I I you know I think that we have a bunch of elderly folks in the country that could use some help. And I think that before we expend all our young talent overseas and and helping other countries we ought to perhaps give a little bit of our help to our own folks at home. And I'm not sure that that's not a bad idea. That's true. <SEP> And or the military for a year or two wouldn't be bad for. Yeah. I think it teaches kids how to grow. How about yourself? Uh I agree with you. Uh uh what I'm thinking about is back well when I was a kid and much earlier than that kids were kind of i- i-. You know the parents kind of pushed them to join like the Boy Scouts or Girl Scouts. And they did do do do a lot of public service activities. But these days they're not uh. Par- parents aren't encouraging their kids to do things like that. Because when I was in the Girl Scouts we did a lot of public service things because that's just part o- of of the scouting and you know. <SEP> Yeah. I've I've. That's really great. I I really think that both the Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts is a excellent two excellent organizations. They are. But parents. You know kids seem like when they get ten or twelve years old they fall out of that. Yeah. They do. <SEP> And they don't follow it at all you know. There are very few Scouts go on and become Eagle Scouts. Oh no. And and I don't know what the high rank is for the gals. But. I I uh. Senior. <SEP> Oh. Senior. Okay. So there's not uh. Oh they're just not. Once they get into junior high it just not done anymore. Yeah. They they lose interest. <SEP> And then when they young young adults there's even less interest there. Uh-huh. They're more for I g-. Me. <SEP> Not not. Yeah. Grab. Grab. Grab. Walk out. Yeah. You're absolutely right. Yeah. <SEP> I think it's a really a good thing. I I like to see. Of course there's you know third world countries that can use all kind of help. Yeah. But there's a lot that can be done right here in this country too. But I think we ought to start right here at home. <SEP> I'm you know. Yeah. Uh I'm not I'm not so sure that overseas help helping overseas would be such a hot idea for for uh a lot of young k- people. No. It it. But since there is much that needs to be done here. <SEP> I think that yeah I think that we need to really address what we've done here. And and then perhaps even a six month tour overseas that gives them much broader outlook. Uh-huh. Well it's been really good. We talked about this for a few minutes. And uh hopefully we'll have other good topic maybe another call someday. But I I don't really have too much more to say on this topic I guess. No. I I agree with you. <SEP> It we I guess we both agree that it's a good thing that they should do sometime. Yeah. Okay. <SEP> Well you take care. And and enjoy the day. You too. You too. <SEP> Thank you ma'am. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2157.txt:Okay. So who's your uh favorite team? Who do you think? The Dallas Cowboys. <SEP> The Dallas Cowgirls huh. Yeah. Well they did have a fairly decent year finally this year. Uh-huh. <SEP> At least they're coming around. Yeah. They're going to get better. I mean you know. Well I mean you know I think uh once Jimmy Johnson gets his system established uh they'll do all right. Yeah. As long as Troy Ot- Aikman doesn't get hurt again. That kind of killed them at the end of the season last year. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I don't I don't even know who your favorite team is actually. I'm a Viking fan. Okay. I think I did know that I just forgot. Okay. <SEP> And they haven't been doing too hot. So. Yeah. Has Herschel Walker done much for them? No. In fact in fact the Cowboys got the best end of that deal. Definitely. Well he was a good player. I guess. Well I don't know. He just never. I don't know. For a while there. <SEP> I've never been over impressed with him. Well he could always get past you know he'd get past like six or seven tackles and just keep spinning around and get on into the end zone. But um I guess you never could really see him play because with the Cowboys while he was with the team the rest of the team was pretty poor. So you couldn't really tell if it was just him or the team. And I always just assumed that he was too good for the rest of the team. But I don't know. Well who's the running. Is it Sammy Smith. Or is it Emmett Smith. Emmett Smith. Yeah. <SEP> Emmett Smith. N-. He's been doing real good. I'm pretty impressed with him so far. Yeah. Did he did he actually play in the Pro Bowl. I remember he was like a backup. And then somebody got injured. And he was supposed to go. <SEP> I'm not sure. Yeah. I kind of I haven't been keeping up with football I mean in the fall. I I can go on and on about football. But since it's kind of off season it's kind of hard to think back about all that. But uh. Who else is uh oh. There's you know Mike. Minnesota Vikings used to be the general manager starting the World Football League. Yeah. <SEP> So and th- and he was trying to keep uh uh. I can't even think of the guy's name either the coach of the Vikings. Um I have no idea. Bu-. Jerry Burns. No earthly idea. <SEP> Goin- ke- he was going to keep him as the coach somehow. But uh I don't know. I'd like to see the Vikings get revamped somehow. How did they end up this year? Did they did they make it to the play-offs at all? Well they started out really bad. They went like one and six. And then they won five or six in a row. Uh-huh. <SEP> So they were in a shot to make the play-offs. And they screwed up the last couple of games. Kind of like the cowboys huh. Yeah. I guess you can. Except I think the Cowboys are on the upswing. I don't know about the Vikings. <SEP> Yeah. Just hadn't heard much about them lately. And the Cardinals were kind of like the Cowb-. In fact they were doing better than the Cowboys. And the Cowboy Cowboys came on strong at the end of the season. And the Cardinals got killed by the Cowboys. So. Yeah. Well the Cardinals I don't know. I think the Cowboys probably have a a better team. They just. At the end of the season the kind of got messed up with Aikman getting hurt because uh Laufenberg just couldn't ever really get it together at all. Of course he sat along the sidelines all season. He never really got in a game never did a whole lot. <SEP> Oh don't made any excuses for him. Well I'm just saying I shouldn't I shouldn't blast him like that say oh well Laufenberg got out there and blew it for them. I mean he didn't get to see much action. But too bad. Because now now you know he had a shot and and didn't look too good. And so no one's going to have much faith in him any more. Uh-huh. In fact I think they're getting a different guy for a backup quarterback. I haven't uh I haven't kept up with it lately. But I remember reading something a few months ago about them signing somebody else on or or trying to go after somebody or trade for somebody. But it wasn't anybody I'd really heard of. But I heard on the radio this morning or yesterday morning that uh Aikman's back in practicing doing real real well. Um who is it Michael Irvin. <SEP> Uh-huh. He said that uh Aikman was hitting him right on the numbers every time. So sounds like he's going to be all right for next season. They're just trying not to overwork him right now until he gets his shoulder uh back in shap-. It was his shoulder wasn't it that he had the problems with? I don't know. Yeah. I think it was. I think it I think it was his shoulder he had surgery on. But anyway they're trying to keep him you know keep him uh from reinjuring anything but anyway. <SEP> But uh well I got my thirty day notice yesterday. Thirty day notice for what? Um I'm done where I work. Oh really. <SEP> So anyway I guess we can't talk much more about that. But I just thought I'd throw that in there. What. Oh okay. Maybe I'll call you back after after the recording is finished. Actually I think we have talked about football for five minutes. I can't remember. Oh w-. I've always ran out of time ever since I've done this. Really. I usually have too. <SEP> They always say you've talked your ten minute limit. Yeah. I've done that once or twice. I didn't look at the clock when we started talking. So I guess we should talk about football a little bit longer just to be sure we got five minutes in. Make sure we get our cash flow. Yeah. <SEP> So other than the Vikings who do you like? Um actually when I was younger I was a Cardinal fan too. Uh oh. <SEP> Remember Jim Hart? Jim Hart was playing. Terry Metcalf was on the Cardinals. This was a long time ago. Yeah. Um I don't know who else I've ever. That's about it. I was always a Viking fan. I think I was into the Cardinals for a little bit. And. Uh-huh. Back when they were in Saint Louis? <SEP> Yes. Oh of course. Since they've been to Phoenix they haven't been uh all that impressive I guess. I guess I've always been a Cowboy fan. Other than that I mean you know when I've you know when you grow up in a city that has the you know one of the greatest football teams until the last few years you kind of tend to get caught up in it. Yeah. Well the Cowboys were th- America's football team. Yeah. <SEP> There's no question about that. So. Yeah. I mean it it was really exciting growing up when when the Cowboys were really big. Because my parents would always have season tickets. And they'd go to all the games. And you know the hype were just unbelievable. It's just you know the last oh. I guess probably since about eighty-four about eighty-five was when they started kind of going downhill really. But you know I'm just used to always growing up and hearing Cowboys Cowboys Cowboys and you know Super Bowl and all this other stuff. So I can't you know. I'm not going to decide I don't like them just because they're having a few bad years. I mean I think they'll pull out of it. And you know they'll they'll wind up being good again. They've got some lot of really good young players that are going to that are going to uh do pretty good I think. But they're raising prices on their tickets. So they're banking on doing good next season. I think tickets are. <SEP> Again. Yeah. What are they going up to thirty bucks or something? Thirty or thirty-two for really good tickets. See they they sectioned it out even more. They used to just have like uh. First of all it was all one price. And then they sectioned it out to end zone and then everything else. And now they're sectioning it off to like from the from one twenty yard line to the other one. Just on the lower levels is the highest price. And then the next highest price is that same area but above it on the upper level. And then like from the twenty to the ten yard line. And then they're some sections kind of in the corner areas. And then the cheapest of course is going to be the end the direct end zones. But um they have about four or five different prices now. That they're structuring it with. But obviously yeah they're all going up more or less is what it's going to do. <SEP> So now the tickets even got lower than the lowest one last year. Um you know I'm not sure. I'm not positive. I didn't I didn't really think about that. I just remember trying to figure out where you could get. That was real close to the good section but in the little bit cheaper. But not that I'll ever go. I hadn't been to a Cowboys game. Las- time last time I went to the Cowboys game was during that um N F L strike or the when they had the scab team teams in there. And it was the uh Dallas and Washington Redskins game. And I went because my dad can usually get a hold of some free tickets because a lot of those doctors have season tickets. And they um if they're not going to use them they'll give them to somebody else. So my dad I went with my dad to a game that one time. But that wasn't a real you know. It was it was the scab teams. It was kind of you know it was kind of different I guess. And before that it's been quite a few years. I've been wanting to go to a game. I just never never have gotten around to it. So maybe this year. That's interesting. I almost lost our electricity here. Oh.
sw3658.txt:Okay. Okay. Universal health insurance. Right? <SEP> That's right. Uh Well I think universal health insurance like national health like what Canada has Is that what you're you're thinking the subject is about? What would we like to say. I think. <SEP> Uh-huh. I think that's what the subject is about. Did you read uh the article in the paper today about this particular subject? <SEP> In the Dallas the MORNING TIMES? Yeah. I guess I did not. Uh the state of Washington and the state of Minnesota is uh going to begin testing a program a state funded program for citizens of those two states. And there's fourteen other uh states that are considering it. Least according to the article in the paper this morning. I think it's a trend that's that's that's uh probably may go nationwide eventually because I think national health is something that we all need. It's getting to a point that you have to have it. You have to have some form of health insurance. <SEP> Well it's been interesting that we. Extremely expensive though. Yes. So we live in a society though where everyone if you ask them on polls will uh say that they think that everyone has a right to health care. Uh-huh. <SEP> And yet I don't think we've ever quite decided who's really supposed to pay for it. Well that's the thing you know. Uh unfortunately the ones that currently pay and pay the premiums for health insurance are are paying for the people that don't have health insurance. Which is why people are talking about. We ought to just admit it perhaps and then try and somehow subsidize it in a way that's more fair. Yeah. <SEP> I don't think you uh. You have health insurance? Yes. I do. <SEP> Through your company? Uh through my company. Yes. But I have been in a situation uh recently where I was laid off from a position as a sales manager of a company and was off work for about a year. And my wife developed cancer. We didn't have any insurance. Oh my goodness. And it was a go to Parkland type situation. <SEP> That's must have been hard. How was your care at Parkland? Uh because it was a life threatening situation it was very good. Uh as it as it turned out one of the top uh people or one of the top doctors in the state that is involved in cancer treatment was at Parkland. <SEP> But yet Parkland is not free either. No. It's not free. But uh It's it's a situation that because I didn't have any insurance and I was on unemployment it was paid by the county. Is it affordable? <SEP> So you did have a good experience. I had a bad experience as it turned out. Uh I was fortunate that there was Parkland. Is your wife better I hope? Uh no she passed away. <SEP> I'm real sorry. That's all right. Sure. That happens. <SEP> It does happen. But it's very sad. Yeah. But in any event uh I'm in favor of national health. If I had to vote for it. Well so am I. <SEP> Actually uh I'm a pediatrician. Oh is that right? <SEP> And I feel very strongly about uh children and uh developed very strong feelings about this during our measles epidemic last year. Where we certainly proved that we're not doing a very good job with preventive health care among children and particularly the children who need it most. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> So uh I'm really quite active in trying to uh be proactive at least for children's issues. It's very complex very complicated. But uh I strongly believe that all children have a right to immunization glasses hearing aids basic health benefits. Well I when I grew up and. I grew up in south central Kansas uh. We had. And my mom worked for the health department the county health department. And we had x-rays every year. We had a dentist come to our school and uh check our teeth once a year at least. Uh we had all our flu shots taken care of our measles mumps rubella and all that other stuff. Um. And uh when my children were growing up we didn't have that. We had to pay for it which I wasn't opposed to paying for it. I had the money to pay for it. But I'm sure that there were people that don't. <SEP> Well and the costs have so much has gone up so much. The cost of immunizations for example uh and just the legal the legal benefits uh. That has really forced people into doing a lot of things unnecessarily et cetera. Uh-huh. So well I don't know. It's it is interesting. In case you didn't know Texas leads the nation in uninsured children. Thirty-one percent of all Texas children do not have insurance and are not on Medicaid. Did not know that. <SEP> So uh one out of every three children has nothing to reimburse them for their health care. And I work in the children's Parkland system. And it's pretty overwhelming to me. Uh-huh. But uh it's pretty hard to be indigent and to be dependent upon indigent health care systems in Dallas county.
sw3205.txt:The question was on lawn and garden work. Um how do you like it? Well I don't do much of it here. I'm from uh Te- from uh Colorado originally. And there are no bugs there. And I didn't mind getting in the dirt there. But boy I'll tell you what. Once I see these bugs around here I'm just kind of out of it. Oh what kind do you have? <SEP> Oh roaches and. Do they really? Oh yes. Cockroaches are awful here. Oh. <SEP> Just awful. So I. Oh and I know somebody that lives there. And they never mentioned that problem. Oh you're kidding you're kidding. No. It's a d-. Well maybe they didn't mention it because it's just kind of a fact of life around here. And uh. Oh my. They probably just take it for granted then. <SEP> It must be. If they lived here a lot of people I know just say oh I just stomp on them. It doesn't matter. They make good fertilizer in the garden. Oh yuck. Me personally can't. I don't have that problem uh. It's. Mine is mainly. We kind of have an understanding that uh I I said I'll do inside work you do outside work. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so I get into the gardening part of it the fun part like putting in the annuals and things like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I don't like I don't like it dirty. No. I have to you know I have to say that's not exactly my favorite thing either really. No. I don't know. We got the we got the question. And I thought oh this is going to be interesting. Two bits I'll get a man to talk to me because they get stuck doing it all. <SEP> But although I do know a lot of my friends do like all the gardening work. And this year we put in a new lawn in a new home. So um we've been fighting a drought here this summer and getting into fall. <SEP> Huh. Today we just had a lot of rain. <SEP> Oh really? Yeah. So it's kind of nice. I don't know how yours has been. Well it's been real hot here lately. I mean we've had to actually have the air-conditioning on and everything. But uh doe-. It's supposed to rain again now uh this weekend. Oh I see. <SEP> So then. Okay. Well we're leaving tomorrow. And we're going down to New Orleans. And from Ohio since we're right near Lake Erie. This is going to be a switch for us for a week going down there. Yeah. And I think we'll probably experience some of your weather although I think they have more humidity. But um as far as the gardening and things like that goes I don't know uh too much too much about uh how much I really r- do enjoy it myself. <SEP> Yeah. Do you like it at all? I well not here. I mean it's just here. I just can't stand to even get out in the uh in the dirt. Just. Well how about when you were in Colorado? <SEP> Well I liked it a little bit. But I didn't uh. I was working at that time full-time and didn't have a lot of time for that. Uh-huh. And so that I think really um hampered it a little bit. Well and then too now like where we had the dry summer and we had to sprinkle constantly. My water bill was high. And uh if you have that on a regular basis in Texas I think I would go with something very dry to keep it off you know. <SEP> Yeah. But uh and with children um you probably don't have time anyhow to to get into it. No. <SEP> Not really. It's so uh okay very good. Uh-huh. I guess we've kind of covered our subject matter since neither one is really into gardening are we? <SEP> Sounds like i-. No. No. Afraid not. Uh hopefully they'll give a subject I like one of these times. Something I really know a lot about. Right. Okay. <SEP> Right. Wh-. Nice talking to you. Nice talking with you. <SEP> Okay. Bye-bye. Uh-huh. Bye.
sw2604.txt:Okay um. Yeah. One year public service for everybody. Is that that was it right? Right. Uh who wants to start this one? Em-. I don't know. I've been I've been sitting here thinking. Yeah. Because it was you know took a couple tries before I found somebody. Well you know I'm like I'm not really sure what I think about this. Um uh I mean the first thing is the uh if it's going to be mandatory it's got to be mandatory. I mean everybody not just like you know poor people and all that you know. But you know senators' sons and all that stuff too. <SEP> Right. Right. I mean everybody's got to do it. Um I don't know. It'd probably be it'd probably be good. I just don't know if you know I was eighteen or whatever I'd want to be stuck doing it for a year or whatever. I'm not sure I want an eighteen year old to make that kind of decision. Uh I mean that that doesn't sound right. Um I guess I see overall beneficial if if we're going from that point of view. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um. I- you know in the past. I don't know I don't know how old you are. But when I was uh in high school it was the beginning of Vietnam and so forth. And many of my peers were being drafted. Uh-huh. And I could see that many of them had conscientious objections to war or whatever. But I I felt strongly then that even if they didn't feel like they could kill someone or go into a military situation that they could help the country in other ways. Be it cleaning out uh lots in in their neighborhood or whatever kind of community or public service might be available. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I guess I see that as as not so much a demand but but a privilege. It's it's kind of uh uh It's something. It is uh. It's it's. Since we live here and we all benefit rich poor or in between uh there are benefits even for those who have it the hardest. I just see that as maybe a good idea. I wouldn't mind doing it at forty-four. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh and I find ways to to turn some of that back to to others. Uh and I I guess I I can't see that as being something to really object to. Well I guess it would still depend on how. I mean if if you're talking about any- if you're talking about something that's like a full time you know one year full time you know this is what you do you know. You're going to go and and fill pot holes and you know and you know all that stuff. I mean I you know I don't know. I could see a a full a run- a gamut of different kinds of opportunities. Things that need to be done that wou- that could be done in an hour or two uh a day or several hours of the week. Like a half of a day on Saturday or something like that. In addition to what one does uh besides that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I I can't imagine what kind of uh uh bureaucracies we'd get into and expense having it be full time. Oh you're going to go to this camp. And you're going to you know. Like um back in the Depression the C C C the construction corps that went out and did things. That was great. Yeah. It was needed. It gave some folks some jobs. And we got some great public works out of it. But um I don't see that as being necessary now. I can see it being done uh on a regular schedule. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh everybody has to put in so many hours of uh public service in a given time perhaps. Uh-huh. Uh I I guess I see all of us benefiting. And I I don't see it just relegated to the young. But I see I I see so much going on that that's bad. And this would give them a chance to have some positive self-esteem. Uh-huh. <SEP> Something that they turn back. Well. And also you know you you feel more like you know you're actually part of the community if you've done something in it. <SEP> That's right. You take pride in that and and get some some positive feedback from those who benefit besides yourself. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I I see it being most beneficial if it's in the neighborhood where or or at least the area where the person lives. Uh definitely. It might not be the same neighborhood but the same city or county because then you're you're coming in contact with it. It's not as meaningful for me to go to Minnesota and do something up there that I'll never be able to see again unless I happen to go on vacation up there. Right. <SEP> Yeah. It's it almost needs to be something that has more impact for the individual on going. Yeah. <SEP> But as far as putting that into work I don't want to I don't want to deal with the with the heartache of first of all getting it started and figuring out how to do the logistics of it. Oh that would be a nightmare. And just I mean just getting getting it going. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I I see a lot of things like uh scouting uh Boys Clubs Girls Clubs things like that that kind of get into that citizenship uh the uh looking after the environment sort of thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I guess I don't see uh this being that different. But even more beneficial because it would be something that everybody participated in and would take a turn in. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Do you have kids? N- no. Not yet. In about six months we will. <SEP> Oh well good. Th- you'll have a little time think about that. I guess I I have uh. When I was teaching school I saw many so many kids that were at loose ends and that didn't really have a purpose. And I can see you know some some really significant things coming out of it. Uh-huh. I know you've got to get past that that grudge attitude that many have. But that's uh tha- that would be a part of selling it to the community. Uh-huh. <SEP> The adults uh ahead of it would probably never serve and and to each succeeding generation. There definitely would have to be a major P R campaign in each community each county uh parish or however the state was divided up. Uh-huh. Um I may. Well I don't know. Around here we have a number of community projects that folks just volunteer for. Boy Scout troops or church groups or civic clubs will uh police a uh a couple of miles of the highway and kee-. And I I've seen it in other states too. Yeah. They have that here. Um. <SEP> I don't know. Um. They've got um in most of the states around here I think uh. You know down in North Carolina there was a big controversy for a while because they uh the local chapter of the K K K wanted to uh uh to participate in it. <SEP> And uh there was a. <SEP> And there were those that said No. You can't do that I'm sure. Yeah. Well uh it was it was interesting because that's an interesting question you know. Yeah. Should these people be allowed to or not? I think they finally decided not to because they figured that stretch of highway was going to get trashed. <SEP> Oh. And I hadn't even thought about that uh the the other end of that. That that's an interesting uh situation. I hadn't thought of that. We had visited relatives in Virginia not too long ago. And I thought I had seen when we were traveling around the state some similar signs up that indicated that certain sections were being policed and cleaned up. And. Yeah. I think Virginia's got it. And I know Maryland does. And we just we went to Indianapolis last weekend and back. And um I'm pretty sure I saw yeah stuff in Ohio and Indi- Indiana about it and Pennsylvania maybe Pennsylvania. I don't remember for sure now. And I don't know about your part of the country. But uh down here in the last oh year plus I it was las- beginning with last year's Earth Day There's just been more of a turn toward uh environmental concerns. Uh-huh. <SEP> And e- I work for Texas Instruments. Uh-huh. And they they've started some recycling campaigns that a year before that had been turned down because they said Well it's not feasible. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's not a good idea. And I see that as being I I see that as being a a a change uh for the positive. Kind of along the same line as as as the mandatory thing. Yeah. And but then they lost too much business. <SEP> It's just thing a part of everyone's consciousness. Uh-huh. Well the thing about that is though it's got a. I mean because it was I mean it was big you remember like in the early seventies and all that. And you know and then it kind of just went out of vogue. And I I'm worried that it it might you know it'll it the same thing will happen. It's like you know environmentalism was really big for a couple of years. And then people like well you know. I'd ruther rather spend you know fifty cents less on uh on on such and such you know. And even if it's not environmentally safe who cares you know. I'm sure the pendulum will swing the other way. Uh there have been too many other things that it's done that for just in my life. And if you look at history at all you see that you know uh we go from one side to the other on just about any subject that you one might care to bring up. Yeah. <SEP> But it is comforting to me to see uh more concern about some of these things that that cost us money. Especially when we have dwindling uh resources such as oil that's burning out of control in the Persian Gulf and and so forth. Just just every little bit does. It makes me feel better. It it makes me feel like well there may be something left for my children my nieces and nephews and so forth. Well yeah uh. Well uh wouldn't. It's just probably a good thing that the oil's burning and may may make some people realize that hey you know this stuff runs out. That's that's right because. Of course that's probably blasphemy for you to say uh coming from where you are in Texas. <SEP> Uh no. No. Because if we. What was it seventy-four when we had the the last last oil crisis? And uh we started getting smart. And and we were looking all these alternative sources of the energy and so forth. Uh-huh. And as soon as the oil prices came back down we the pendulum swang the other way. Right. <SEP> And we need those reminders. Yeah. Uh or we'll suddenly be in the dark and say Oh my goodness now we don't have the ability to go on to some new technology. Right. Well my dad's in the in the solar energy business. So uh You know we're acutely aware of a lot of this. <SEP> Ah !. But you know on the other hand he voted for George Bush. So um you know I I wonder sometimes if he knows what he's doing. Well I thi- you know. Just about anybody you could name whether I voted for them or not uh makes um uh decisions that I just can't go along with. Uh-huh. <SEP> But that's why they're there and not me. I don't want the I don't want the stress. Yeah. Well the the thing with Bush.
sw3639.txt:Uh are you presently looking uh for a used car? Well as a matter of fact I just bought one. Just bought one. <SEP> Just just within the last three weeks. S-. What did you get? I got a Lexus L S four hundred. Which is made by Toyota. Lexus. Uh. <SEP> Okay. Lexus is a Toyota subbrand. Yeah. Okay. <SEP> It's kind of their. I was wondering where that came from. Because they're talking like it was an American built car. Right. It it sounds like it but it really isn't. Yeah. <SEP> It's uh marketed of course it its own dealerships. Yeah. Usually or somebody that's maybe got a Cadillac or Lincoln and Lexus dealership uh. Yeah. <SEP> Sometimes they do that. But it's uh a brand car. Yeah. But I've really liked it. It it drives just wonderfully. And there is. It's so quiet almost can't tell the engine is running. That's their big selling point uh other than general luxury. And but the particular seems to be the uh the quiet ride. <SEP> It really is. It's got pretty good acceleration too. Yeah. It's got a C D player in it. So I can I can play those. And. Uh was. That wasn't a standard p- feature was it? <SEP> Uh-huh. Okay. But there is not very many options on that car. Uh. <SEP> There is only about five or six options. Everything else is standard. Yeah. You get the impression that. Uh some of the tracking control things and skidding control things for up north. The C D and the premium sound system. Uh-huh. <SEP> Skidding control. You mean the antilock brake system? Yeah. It's kind of a traction control I think they call it. Yeah. <SEP> It's it's not just antilock brake. I think that's already on most of them. But there is a further traction control uh. Oh. This is a uh Uh probably suspension tied into the brakes. <SEP> Yeah. And and also the suspension can be raised for driving like in the ice and snow. It can raise the car's center up a little bit. For going under a lot of piled up stuff if you were up in Michigan or somewhere. Um. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Uh shoot. <SEP> Mississippi probably doesn't Mississippi probably doesn't have to worry too much. Some of these muddy driveways could use it around here. No. Snow doesn't happen very often. <SEP> If it does people go what's this stuff. Yeah. Uh originally I'm from West Virginia. We got a pretty fair amount of snow. Oh. Well you had some there. <SEP> Yeah. But uh I got down here in June of eighty-four. And the first winter down here was probably the worst winter they'd seen in twenty years. And it was amazing how a few inches of snow would turn normally sane manly adult men into playful little children. Oh I know. We had this group of uh surveyors come into uh a shop I was working in uh four or five of them these big old flame worn suburbans and the snow all over the place. They had just come in to get gas in their vehicles and get the oil checked. But while they were there they set back drank about four or five cups of coffee apiece and made snowmen on the hoods of their vehicles threw snowballs all over the place had themselves a ball for about an hour. <SEP> Oh no. <SEP> Well the uh the Lexus uh really. And the moon roof I think is also an option. Yeah. Although most of them are ordered them with it. But there really is only about a half a dozen uh things. And everything else is pretty standard. Yeah. <SEP> I did not get the traction control which also when you take the c- traction control and the and the suspension thing it also puts heaters in the front seats too. Oh. So that's kind of. You go out and get in that real cold car. It's a package deal. <SEP> And you turn that on. And it yeah and it kind of uh. But that's only available if with the traction control and the other option. Yeah. And those two are sold together. So you have to take a two thousand dollar option there to to uh do it. Ouch. <SEP> So I I opted not for that. But And uh the dealership I dealt with they order them all with the uh moon roof and uh you know nice floor mats and everything in there. No. It doesn't sound real necessary in Texas. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I worked for Lincoln. So the only thing I had to decide on was whether I wanted a C D or not in the stereo system. And that was pretty much it. And they had like three or four basic packages that they they offer. Yeah. <SEP> Sounds like the Lincoln Mercury dealer I used to work for. They didn't order anything but the extra luxury version of whatever they got. Little Mercury Tracer. Yeah. I've been o-. I've been. Imagine or not they make a they make a luxury Mercury Tracer. <SEP> Yeah. I've seen that in the dealership. I was driving a Lincoln a Mark Seven for the last four years before I traded it for this. Yeah. And uh I'm leasing the Lexus. I usually lease them since I own a business. Yeah. <SEP> I just run it through my business. But but it. Uh-huh. The Lincoln ride is certainly good too but the this Lexus is nothing like I have ever been in before. It's just. Like sitting in your living room. <SEP> Yeah. It really is. And it's got a lumbar support in the seats. Adjustable? Adjustable uh power. Yeah. <SEP> And just kind of brings that support up in the sma-.
sw3382.txt:Uh I guess uh I've always been kind of interested in in space and stuff. I've read a lot of the the uh astronomy books and and stuff like that. Uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Have you been following the uh the progress of the space health code? Uh to a degree. I haven't kept up as uh much as I would like. Uh-huh. I've just been so busy uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I barely get a chance to read a newspaper now and then. So. Yeah. I think it's pretty exciting that they can uh. It would be interesting to see if they can find uh other planets that are that will be more habitable to uh you know uh humans. And uh yeah. I think I would be very interested in space travel in the future if uh if it you know if it is at all possible. Yeah. Well I wouldn't even mind uh being a pilot on one. <SEP> Or right now. But I'm probably getting a little too old for that. Well I know if they make the advances that they have been making that uh maybe age will no longer age or even physical uh abilities may not be uh a barrier anymore. Right. Yeah. Well they they just made leaps and jumps. I think a lot of our our technology we have is is quite a bit due to lot of the space travel uh uh equipment and stuff that. <SEP> Yeah. I agree. Uh. As a matter of fact we're the ones that I have been to Houston to to you know to visit the uh space center out there. And uh one of the big advances that we use every day now is Velcro. Uh-huh. And uh that vacuum uh little space program was one of the big you know backers of that. Yeah. <SEP> It's amazing you know. You. It's hard to imagine what life was like without it now. Yeah. I don't know if you ever watch Gallagher you know. He's one of the comedians. And and you know he he talks a lot on on Velcro. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I've h- seen him before. Wh- i- what would we do without it? <SEP> Yeah. Yo- we were talking about that just the other day. What did we do without it back then? Yeah. I guess there was a lot of buttons and a lot of zippers and snaps. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. There's there's a lot of a lot of little things that have come up. I know maybe some of the big things that uh uh. Concentrated foods for one maybe. I don- Uh I don't know. That's right. That's right. It's also just I've I've often pictured uh in my mind you know what it would be like to just what would you find if you just kept on going kept on going? <SEP> Uh-huh. That's true. Uh I guess our minds are so uh uh what is it? Uh finite. Uh-huh. When we try and picture the universe as an infinite object and it's hard to to see you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I always thought well what do you do hit a brick wall eventually. <SEP> It's hard to consider that something could go on indefinitely. Yeah. That that is uh that is something that would be hard to think about. I agree. You know like you say we're used to finite things. And something that is infinite and just incomprehensible. Yeah. But. <SEP> But uh yeah. I would like to see them uh do more in that area to make space travel more uh something that the ordinary person can uh en- enjoy. Yeah. I know it's I think it's in people's nature to be the first to do something. Uh-huh. And I I'd love to be the first one to step on a planet or some like you know. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Me too. I wouldn't even mind being not so much being first but just uh get out there and and just explore. Yeah. I think uh it's in everyone's nature to some degree to want to get out and explore something they haven't or experience something you know indifferent. Huh. <SEP> I think that's what made us uh progress to the state we are is our curiosity. Oh sure. Sure. Of course. That's true. There must be some better so- better way of doing this. A better place to be or whatever you know. It's. <SEP> Uh-huh. So you you are always looking for something better. Yeah. That's true. I know at work uh people always complain to me. I well you are always whining. And it's I'm always looking for something better. Uh. <SEP> Yeah. There's a better way of doing it than what we are doing it. <SEP> That's right. That's right. And if you are just content with being you know with the way things are then you know then you must lead lead a pretty dull life. Yeah. Because if yo-. Well they are always finding easier ways. And you know just because they don't talk about it or something like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they are doing it un- you know unconsciously. Yeah. I guess uh you don't really think about it too much. I guess you are always finding newer ways and better ways of doing stuff. But yo-. It it's in a subconscious you know thing. You know somewhere they can sit down and write down what you know things that you've improved upon. You probably wouldn't have a pretty good list. Uh-huh. <SEP> But you just don't think about them. Right. And that's true. I think uh you know. We've gotten different programs at work you know to to uh make it visible to management that we are doing things better.
sw2792.txt:Okay? Sure. Go ahead. What kind of books do you like to read? <SEP> Oh I like all kinds of books. Yeah. Mostly uh something I like like true life not uh you know documentaries or real stories about real people and that kind of stuff or dramas in real life. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh I also like romantic novels. I like uh I like READERS DIGEST believe it or not. Yeah. So do I. <SEP> I usually read that from cover to cover. Yeah. I like it because there's a little bit of everything in it. Right. <SEP> You know that kind of a thing. Uh as far as like real novels I haven't gotten into Shakespeare or any of that type of thing. Uh-huh. I wish I had in in some senses. But I don't have time really as much as I would like to to get into that kind of thing. How about you? Um well I like like you said real life um. I like biographies of people's lives like especially like athletes. <SEP> Uh-huh. For some reason it seems to interest me like people that make a big comeback or you know Orel Hershiser things like that. Sure. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um I like to read books on improve like family marriage you know things that are written by like Christian authors or um doctors about family and you know how to improve your home and all that kind of thing. Um I like to re-. The magazines I. To rel-. I like to read. I read a lot of bicycling magazines. They're. I mainly look at the pictures and stuff. But they usually have some good articles in it. Uh-huh. But uh I don't know. I haven't really found any romance type stuff I like to read. I I'm more true you know fi- uh nonfiction. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I haven't found a lot of uh fiction books that I really like. But uh not to say I wouldn't. Yeah. Eventually I mean. What was the last book you read? <SEP> Uh jeez. Let me think. It. I tell you I haven't read a book in a long time. And it. I can't even really remember. Uh I think it was a romantic novel by Danielle Steel or one of those. Really? You know yeah. Honestly. Um I don't do as much reading like I say as I would like to. Yeah. <SEP> Working a lot of hours at work. And. Really? Yeah. And then of course we have a home. I know. <SEP> So it's you know. A lot time is spent doing things as far as the yard work or housework or you know that type of thing. Yeah. I I set a goal for myself to read a book a month this year which is like about eleven more books than I would have read last year. But so far I've only read like two books. And so I'm not doing very well. But. <SEP> But see I do crafts too. Yeah. So it's hard. I if I have a minute that's what I I do. Yeah. I find it's real hard. I let papers newspapers stack up and magazines stack up if I don't really set aside a time to look or read them. <SEP> That's the. And and that's like myself. I've I've I miss it because I really find it a very relaxing hobby too. Yeah. I really do. And um I don't know. It seems like you can get lost in a book you know. It it it's like an escape for me. Uh-huh. <SEP> I don't know about you. Yeah. It's. If I'm really interested in what I'm reading I mean hours can go by. And I I look up at the clock and say oh my word you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> In fact I'd rather read sometimes than watch T V. Yeah. Oh I would too. Um Kind of train your mind. But I think you get out of the habit like you say. You have to like kind of set yourself. <SEP> Yep. Have you ever read uh or heard of the book THIS PRESENT DARKNESS? No. That was one of the books I read this year. And it's really fast paced and intense. It was a nonfiction book or is a fiction book. But it was ar-. It was one of the best I read. I mean it was real good. And it was um it was one of the few books that. Like it you know. Just hurry up and go through without putting down you know. <SEP> Yeah. Right. See that's the other problem I have. If I start into something and I really enjoy what I'm reading then I have a terrible time getting away from it too. Uh-huh. I'll stay up until two or three o'clock in the morning you know because I'm so engrossed in it. And then before you know it it's time to get up and go to work. You know that type of thing. Yeah. <SEP> That's why. I I don't know. I'm I'm kind of a nut when it comes to stuff like that. Even if I'm uh doing something like an afghan if I'm close to the end sometimes I'll do the same thing. Uh-huh. I don't know what you would call it. Maybe I have a problem. No. I'm sure it's fast or something. <SEP> It's terrible. I I really like books that that you can get into. And that's that. Uh-huh. I know what you mean. I like reading late at night right before I go to bed sometimes. I just sleep better or something. Oh yeah. You do. You kind of get relaxed. That's true. But uh. <SEP> I have a lot of craft books that I have too and uh magazines. I like PEOPLE you know those things that are about real people. Uh-huh. And um I I like to uh read about people who have been a successful you know who who made a success of their lives. Yeah. <SEP> Which what book have you read that is along those lines that was really good? Uh To to give you specific titles I I can't. <SEP> Well how about who. Like I say haven't done it in in such a long time. Do you know who it was about? <SEP> Um well I went to uh seminar on uh. It was for by American business. And some of the people uh. What the heck was his name. I'm trying to think. He's one of the uh. Paroe. And um it was more like oh. It was tapes and things that they had about him too. Uh-huh. How he started out as just a salesman and now he's you know multimillionaire and that type of thing. And how you have to uh be aggressive and you know really want something for yourself and that type of stuff. It's like up to you in other words whatever happens in your life. Yeah. <SEP> It's not up. It's not someone else. You have to do it. Yeah. And I find that fascinating that people you know can do that kind of thing. Just make up their minds that that's it. You know have this one direction. And then do it. <SEP> Do it. I can't. I'm not that focused on something. I I'm off in all directions. <SEP> Um and I'm not uh uh a planner which I wish I was. Uh-huh. You know kind of off the wall. If someone says do you want to do this tonight uh and I got a mountain of things to do it's okay you know we do it. Uh-huh. Huh. Well that's all right. <SEP> I know. I know. But I wish I was more the other way. You're more fun though see. You're not ridged right? Yeah. Right. I I. That's. See I like it that way though. I I I would I don't want to change that part of me. That's good. <SEP> That's funny. E- even though I admire someone who isn't like I am you know and and I wish I could be more that way. Yeah. But. There may be some schools you could read about and learn. <SEP> That's true. That's true. How many people do you supervise? Uh about twenty. Oh that's not bad. No. <SEP> That's not bad at all. No. Do you like your job? Sometimes. <SEP> Sometimes more than others. But yeah. I do. Oh that's oh that's important. I've been there about three years. <SEP> Do you have a family? Yeah. I just got married last year. And um most of my family's in Indiana. Oh uh-huh. So I've only been in Texas three years. <SEP> Do you like it? Yeah. I do. I love the weather down here. I I loved I loved Abilene too. That's what I liked too is the weather. Yeah. I know. <SEP> Except for tornados. Boy they they have storms here. I've. Yes. They do. And it it it's so surprising how it just happens you know. Hail and thunder and. <SEP> Yeah. Unpredictable. Were you here during the hailstorm two years ago? <SEP> Uh no. Oh I've been up here about three. Uh we were down there uh from eighty-six to eighty-five to eighty-six. No uh. Ei-. Well part of eighty-four to eighty-six I should say. Yeah. Boy I had thirty-three hundred dollars damage done on my car. A lot of people had their cars totaled just from hail. Oh wow. I think State Farm went bankrupt. Just about. <SEP> Oh jeez. But uh. I know the whole situation is bad up here. We're having a terrible time with the recession. Really? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It's not good at all. Huh. I know things are pretty booming down there. I heard they sold Johnson City though. Yeah. And Colorado Springs. <SEP> And Colorado Springs? Yeah. I talked to a guy on the phone on this the other day. And he was telling me about it. Oh wow. They just sold it. <SEP> Amazing. Closed up and moved down to McKinney. Oh well that's good. At least they kept the business part of it. Yeah. <SEP> It's scary though I'm telling you. I know. I don't know. And well you know with the other part of this thing was how do you feel that this influences family. How do I feel what? <SEP> That that books influence. Do you know how to use them in your life or to influence. Uh-huh. I I feel like it's important for young children to read too. And what you read to them. Yeah. <SEP> When my children wer- were younger of course. They were all married and grown. And I have grandchildren now. They were uh. I I read to them a lot. That's good. And uh I think they've all developed kind of an interest in reading also. That's re-. Yeah. <SEP> I'm not saying they read all the right things. But they do read. Uh where a lot of people don't have any interest in it at all. And I think it's important. Oh yeah. Because uh even today where people are so illiterate and they go off to school and really nothing happens I mean they don't learn anything. It's because they can't read. Yeah. It's really surprising how many people graduate from high school and that I work with. <SEP> Yeah. And people I mean. I get memos all the time across my desk. And things are misspelled. And it's really It's pretty sad. Oh it's be- unbelievable. <SEP> Isn't it? Yeah. A lot of people that work for me that can't even spell or read you know. <SEP> Exactly. And I think that that's why reading is so important. Yeah. Because uh I think even mentally when you can do some.
sw2012.txt:Well the first thing for me is I wonder I see a couple of different ways of talking about what privacy is um if privacy is something that disturbs your private state I mean an invasion of privacy is something that disturbs your private state. That's one thing. And if privacy is something that comes into your private state and extracts information from it in other words finds something out about you that's another. And the first kind of invasion of the first type of privacy seemed invaded to me and very much everyday in this country. But in the second time at least overtly uh where someone comes in and uh finds out information about you that should be private uh does not seem uh um obviously everyday. I I think I agree with that. I think in a good example on the typical thing that happens uh when the phone rang. And it's T I calling. My immediate reaction is that it's some sort of strange phone message. And then I realize oh no this is something I solicited. That's right. <SEP> So my immediate reaction was one of that sense of invasion. But after that I realized no I I really wanted this. And it was sort of exciting. And so that was almost an example of s- an invasion that turns out to be not invasive. Uh-huh. Right. It turned out to be uh uh an invitation. <SEP> Exactly. Uh and at the same time I think that I receive on on the order of uh probably seven or eight a week calls of the nature where one wishes that there were a convenient way to just hang up on it. From from personal parties or from these um phone answer phone uh commercial things. Commercial sol- solicitations primarily. <SEP> Oh that that's a remarkable number. I get them rarely. And I'm still astounded that that one they let anyone do them and two that they have any effect in this whatsoever. Um because I'm usually so insulted by them I just hang up as soon as I recognize what they are. Yeah. I think they prey on people's um inherent politeness on the phone even with the machine. I find people being kind of polite and waiting for it to finish what it has to say. And then they feel an obligation to respond even though there's not even a person there. <SEP> And I think that's what makes one feel invaded is the fact that there seems to be little control. And you one's feeling obligated because of some sense of of the way the ritual is played out. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and uh that that then ends up being the the most common example for me. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Um I guess I'm not typically feeling invaded in my privacy relative to this second this one that you raised. Yeah. <SEP> And I don't think I would have thought about that. I think that's a good idea on your part. I don't typically feel intruded on on the things uh the sense of finding out information. Well presumably those who find out such information if they are doing it I would prefer to not to be known. And I mean you know the classic oh I don't know C I A conspiracy theories or whatever would have such parties trying to do it without your knowledge. So there's things that invade that second type of privacy where you do know about them and possibly things that invade that second type of privacy without you knowing about it. And I can't talk about the second one other than to to to generate paranoia. It's a surmise. And I'd like to think that it's quite low at least in this country. To to surmise. It is there. I don't think I'd like the K G B is monitoring my phone or anything like that. <SEP> Well I guess although I well that's a good point where you said that how does one define what invasion of privacy is because uh if that's the case of a tree falling in the forest. Uh-huh. Yeah. And I'm not feeling invaded then maybe my privacy hasn't been because I have no sense of my privacy state having been invaded. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh if you're defining it in terms of information gone even if it's something you don't know about it well then I guess one could assume one was invaded. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But I don't feel invaded by it. Uh-huh. <SEP> I don't have a sense of threat in general from those sorts of things. Uh-huh. I'm not sure why. Uh I guess it comes from a sense of fact or facts. And if someone finds out something about me that is true I I don't have a sense of loss from that. Uh-huh. Well you must have a relatively clean conscience then. <SEP> Um the the other side of that might be if if someone found out something or surmised something that weren't true then I would feel probably more invaded in the gossipy sort of sense. Yes. Yes. Ev- more harmed or something. Bec-. Right. Because you don't have anyway to turn it off. Yeah. <SEP> Tho-. Did you hear about this Lotus data base that was being put together? Yes. I did. I was just about to write a letter when I heard they canceled it. That would be an example where my sense of threat would be high because I would find that there be cou- a good possibly that their facts were were fantasy. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then I would feel not only invaded in the sense that someone had obtained information from a that I would rather they didn't. And that might be the sense of the spending pattern for instance that that I would have thought to be private. Uh-huh uh-huh. But then if it turns out to generate incorrect things that's even worse. So or if my call rate of of eight t- or so a week went up even higher because uh someone had had. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> They had you pegged. <SEP> Right. And the person who had takes unsolicited phones calls and pays money. And then all of a sudden you get your thirty a week because now they're advertising you. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Exactly. Yeah. And um one of the problems with the Lotus data base was um that it was uncontrolled access to who would have that information. I mean they said they would give it out to only select companies. But um you know just like software is only given out to customers. I mean you can't believe that. Right. Right. It would it would be pirated. And they wouldn't bother to check that carefully anyway to someone who's offering you know full cash price for it. <SEP> Right. I mean you know you can't tell it what a company really has to do with it. And there's something rather ominous about having virtually anyone any hacker being able to know what your income is what your spending habits are. And you know and and that hacker just has to get in to in touch with the sneak thief. And suddenly and then what started as an invasion of privacy can be an invasion of your actual home. Uh-huh. And I guess that turns out to be the basic problem with any invasion of privacy is whether or not you're feeling threatened as a result of of it. Yeah. <SEP> So maybe that is a a little bit of what privacy is. Yes. Exactly. Uh-huh. I also thought about it was of uh waiting to talk to you that another thing that occurred to me is there is not so much invasion of my privacy because I know how to behave such that there isn't. But I realized I have to behave in a certain way in order to not have people invade my privacy. If I deviate from social norms of behavior if I run up and down the street yelling or something someone's going to invade my privacy very quickly. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I realize that that I mean I can take that for granted. But I used to I used to live in India. And things are quite different there in terms of that. There's less of a sense of privacy. In fact it's said that no Indian language has a word for privacy. Certainly the language I know doesn't but just says a word for loneliness. Oh that's interesting. Loneliness is the closest you can come which is really quite different. <SEP> But but no concept for wanting to be private. Yeah. It's it's generally being alone is not a very desirable state at least officially. Okay. Um so there's not. I mean doors don't have latches on them. People don't tend to knock. You just. If there's a door closed and you open it because it's in your way. You people walk in out. And as a as a westerner in India and I was often surprised and felt my sense of privacy there was quite invaded. <SEP> Oh. That that would be That would be culturally shocking. You know it very much is. But on the other hand I realized I could go out on the street and act like a complete lunatic. <SEP> Uh-huh. And people would leave me alone. Uh-huh. Whereas in this country where everyone respects the closed doors very much if you go out and then act like the lunatic you you violate the uh the norms of social of um public behavior. Um people start paying attention to you very much. And they start asking questions and in the sense are invite- invade invading your privacy although if you know what the social norms are you know quote unquote you asked for it. But it does mean that you have yet another reason to follow a set of social norms. <SEP> Yes. And which isn't of always the case in all cultures. And it wasn't until I was thinking about it just now that I realized that's actually something that's culturally relative. Tha- that is true. I haven't thought about that. And and that it's fascinating to to think a lot of someone who doesn't know how to say private. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And that's really um. Well I mean I I wonder how people have sex and things like that. <SEP> I mean they a-. You go to India. And it's obvious you know the results of sex are quite obvious as the population goes up an extra hundred million every few years. Um but I I just don't quite um. There's hope I actually for al-. Of the time I've spent there I still don't quite understand how certain things that I assume and require privacy and require not just that you be alone but actually that you have a sense of privacy. Yes. Because anyone can be alone for some period of time. But for me a lot of what I do requires a sense that there's this invisible barrier around me which people wil- will respect. <SEP> Yes. And if that's gone um I I really don't know how to live very well. And I wonder I really do wonder how people do that. That's interesting. Are th- are there any other specific things that that you feel like where where you feel your privacy to be invaded on a day-to-day basis or either on a growing frequency? All the class- the other classic examples the Jehovah's Witness or or Mormons or someone knocking at the front door um which is more intrusive because I have to really tell someone to go away. And there's that sense of I have now opened my door they now see what I look like what I live like. And nor- and they're doing something that normally I really only invite people to. <SEP> Okay. Because I any anyone any friend anyone I give my number to is welcome to call me. But no one is just welcome to come by my house. So that is more of a sense of invasion. So that's another example of the invasion because of the not so.
sw3245.txt:Okay. I'm ready. Okay. So we're going to talk about uh what kind of clothes we wear while we work. Uh-huh. <SEP> Do you work for T I? No. I work at home. Oh you do. Well you're like me then. I stay home also. Do you have children? <SEP> Yes. I have two a seven year old and three and a half year old. Oh that's good. How about you? I have four girls. <SEP> Oh. They're nine and five and three and a newborn. Oh my you are busy. Yes. <SEP> And they're all girls. I have two girls. So all girls around here. Girls are nice aren't they? Yes. Uh really sweet. Anyway as far as clothing goes um my wardrobe changes all the time depending on my size. <SEP> That's how I am too. We go from regular kind of spring clothes regular kind of fall clothes pregnant clothes clothes that are in between where you're not down to regular size yet or you're on your way up from regular size. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh that's funny. And they're all in boxes or bags. And they all rotate all the time kind of the same stuff all the time though. <SEP> Yeah. I don't uh get a whole lot new right now. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I know that's kind of how I am. I said who ever I talk to is going to be board because when it's summer time I'm wearing shorts. And when it's cold I'm wearing sweat pants and most of unless I'm going to something special that my daughter's doing or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. I I like jeans a lot. <SEP> Well that's that's good. I used to wear jeans all the time until after I had kids. And now nothing seems to be comfortable because I bulge in all the wrong places. So. Oh and it's it's frustrating. I just I find I have to get the right kinds though or it's not comfortable. Yeah. They. It it works best if they have pleats in the front. <SEP> Right. Yeah. And uh they have to. My waist is kind of small compared to the hips. So it has to be not the straight up and down levis kind. Yeah. Yeah. I know what you mean. Well. But um but I. When I was I was pregnant through the summer this time and I wore dresses all the time because it was so much cooler and so much more comfortable not to have something binding on your waist. <SEP> Oh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's right. But uh. One of my daughters was born in June. And I remember I wore sundresses and you know just those real cool dresses almost the entire time. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> And I had one that was born in December. So um it was a little bit because it was a real warm winter. Uh-huh. So even even into like November and December I was still wearing the short sleeve dresses. Course I'm always hot when I'm pregnant too. So. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> I I didn't really need warm clothes. But I really have been spoiled by sweat pants and these new uh units outfits you know that are just knit. Oh I haven't tried those. Oh they are so comfortable. Huh. <SEP> It's it's just um you know a light weight kind of like a sweat suit but made out of that real light polyester stuff. Yeah. And it's just great because you can put you know you can decorate them up or dress them up if you want. Yeah. <SEP> Or you can just wear them with you know tennis shoes if you want. So they're really nice. And I've enjoyed wearing those. Uh-huh. But I. I don't know if they expected us to talk about blazers and such here. But I sure never wear them. <SEP> Yeah. Well I don't either. If we if we had professional jobs where we go into an office and have to wear a jacket or something that would make a big difference. Yeah. I worked part time when my oldest was a baby. Uh-huh. <SEP> And um I had to wear a dress every day. And and it was a little bit hard to uh wind down. I'm watching Janice. Uh-huh. I would I would have to drive six thirty five home. And I would be burning up like in the summer time. Oh. <SEP> By the time I got home I was like Oh I've got to get out of these clothes. I I remember that from when I was. I worked way before I was married even. But offices they keep them so cold in the summer that you can't wear regular summer clothes and be comfortable. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Right. You've got to have something to add to it or something. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if you can. <SEP> Yeah. And then when you drive home like especially if you're in a lot of traffic which you are in Dallas. You burn up. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Because I always hated to run my air conditioner just sitting still all the time. Yeah. I was afraid I'd make the car overheat. It's hard on the car. <SEP> Yeah. So I would roll my windows down. It was still a hundred degrees. Oh. And I would just be sweltering hot by the time I picked my daughter up. And um I had a friend who used to take shorts to work. Yeah. <SEP> And after work she'd go in the bathroom and change her clothes. Oh that's funny. And I thought that's probably a good idea because you really. Yeah. <SEP> At least something cooler. Yeah. Because you can ruin your good clothes getting so hot in them if you especially if it's something that has to be dry cleaned which I don't have any of. That's true. <SEP> Yeah. I don't have to worry a whole lot about that. No. When you have children you don't. Um even when I go to church I have to have something I can just throw in the washer when I'm through. That's right. Something that it doesn't matter if it gets spit up on too. <SEP> That's right or if you get it dirty or whatever. I know it. I've always been a creature of comfort too. Me too. If it's not comfortable forget it. <SEP> I know. That's how I am too. Wool was never comfortable to me. Right. Me neither. I have.
sw3458.txt:Okay. You ready? Yeah. Is that it? That's it. <SEP> Okay. Uh well we I guess we have to talk about magazines. And uh what what. What what kind do you subscribe to or do you? Well I subscribe to P- well I did subscribe to PEOPLE for a long time. I do you know. I enjoy PEOPLE. And now I'm uh I uh subscribe to uh LADIES HOME JOURNAL. I uh take a computer magazine. And uh also uh BETTER HOMES AND GARDENS. <SEP> Uh-huh. Okay. Are you interested in in computers? And my pet peeve with magazines is all the little cards inside. And the cardboard pages. <SEP> Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Well that that would be one of my peeves. My pet peeves with magazines the woman's magazines especially. I mean it's it's really geared to. All they have. You have too many recipes first of all. I just don't you know. That's what I don't like about LADIES HOME JOURNAL magazines. Too many recipes too many uh can this marriage with saved nonsense. I you know I like to read articles about things that matter. Well of course PEOPLE magazine is not you know one of your uh your more intellectual magazines. But it's nice light reading. You know if I want something intellectual I usually read a book. Well that's true. I uh I like it when they have short stories. Like REDBOOK used to always have a good short story in it. <SEP> Well that's true. Yeah. They did. And I haven't bought a REDBOOK in a while. So I guess. Yeah. I I really very rarely ever pick up a magazine anymore. <SEP> Well is REDBOOK still in existence? I don't know if they're if they're around anymore. Yeah. I think it is. Surely. It's an institution. Surely it would have to be. Yeah. But. <SEP> Well I'll tell you the only reason I bought the uh I subscribe to the JOURNAL is because of. Which I think it was either. Yeah. It was Publisher's Clearinghouse. Right. They told me you know if I didn't subscribe they were going to take me off their their winning you know their list. So. Mine too. This was it my last chance. <SEP> Yeah. My last right my last chance to win ten million dollars. So I figured hey look. For twelve dollars you know. Well I I I went ahead and sent in my subscription because of that uh to uh ENTERTAINMENT. <SEP> That's it. Oh yeah. Oh uh-huh. And I was real disappointed with it. <SEP> Yeah. I I don't know. It just. Not enough stories with some substance that you can really get into. Right. It's little short articles more than anything else. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that's one thing I don't like about PEOPLE. Uh it's just you know doesn't seem to have enough story to it. Well I don't know. I just think uh you know it's It's light reading. If you've only got a short time to read. <SEP> You know you don't have well you don't have to concentrate you know you know. No. That's true. It's entertaining you know. And uh that's. I just I enjoy it. I you know I uh. Well that ENTERTAINMENT is is very. Wasn't that similar or isn't it similar to to the TV GUIDE? Uh no. Not really. I mean not the one I take now. It's a it's a magazine. And it goes into all the movies previewing the movies that are going to be released or behind the scenes. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. Oh I see. And uh I'm a real movie buff. So that's why I thought I might be interested in it. But it just hasn't been what I thought it would be. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. And uh my mother has subscribed to is the reason I get uh the HOME JOURNAL and the uh computer book is because mother got a subscription for it and sent it to me. Oh. Otherwise if if I really want to take the time to read a magazine and I see one on the grocery shelf I'll pick it up then. Rather than having them delivered and think oh I really need to read this. <SEP> Right. Right. Well I'll tell you since I've been getting the JOURNAL like maybe maybe I'll read two maybe three. If I read three articles in in you know one of the JOURNALs I figure you know I did really well. Yeah. <SEP> Because there's just nothing in there that interests me. I don't you know I don't I'm not into you know recipes. And. Well I I do like recipes and crafts. See now and I'm not into crafts. So you know that that eliminates like three quarters of the magazine. You know. <SEP> That's true. Well I just got the new issue. They have Bette Midler on the cover. So that should be one article that I'll read anyway. Do you uh.
sw3850.txt:Okay. So what are your favorite shows? Um I like watching COLOMBO and um MATLOCK and QUANTUM LEAP. <SEP> Oh really? Yeah. QUANTUM LEAP? Uh-huh. <SEP> Did you see it the other night? Um uh-huh. That was that was pretty good. Yeah. That one was. What about. <SEP> What do you. With the psychic and everything? Uh-huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I like uh I like NORTHERN EXPOSURE and uh HOME IMPROVEMENT. Oh I well I haven't seen either of those. <SEP> You've never seen NORTHERN EXPOSURE? Huh-uh. Oh it's a great show. Um I also like to watch STAR TREK. But it's on so late here that I don't always get to see it. <SEP> Really? Yeah. We like it too. Have you seen the movie? Uh I haven't seen any of the movies because I just barely just like in the last year or so got interested in it. And they're you know already out with number six by now. But. So I haven't seen any of the movies yet. But I. Oh you haven't seen any of them. No. <SEP> Oh well they're good. They're real good. They're uh they're getting rid of the old cast for the movies though. Uh-huh. Which ones are you watching the new ones? Yeah. I've seen quite a few of the older ones. I haven't seen really the new generation that much. <SEP> Oh okay. Yeah. Is there one you prefer better the older one or the youn- the newer one? Well they're they're a lot different. But I like I like the older ones because at that time you know they were really futuristic you know. Oh yeah. <SEP> And the newer ones are I guess the newer ones are real futuristic too. But I like I like both of them. Yeah. I do too. I have a brother-in-law who really likes the old ones a lot. I mean he almost hates the new ones. Really? Yeah. Because he he thinks the newer ones is like a soap opera and the other one isn't or something. But I don't. <SEP> No. Not really. It's not really like a soap opera. Oh I think. Yeah. <SEP> But but it's. But that's true. I mean you you learn more about the characters and stuff. But that's the way all shows are now. Yeah. Sure. Well let's see. Um I like to watch COLOMBO because it's like a mystery thing. Yeah. That's sort of how Matlock is. But COLOMBO is way tricky. <SEP> Yeah. I mean he doesn't even try to let the person know he's getting onto them. Well it seems like they always show COLOMBO the same ones over and over though you know what I'm saying like that one where he goes to college. Well did you see the one. <SEP> Um. Or is this is there a series on. Um yeah. There's like one on. Well we see it Thursdays at seven. And it was. <SEP> Okay. This last time it was about this um movie director. Did you hap-. Yeah. I saw that one. Did you see that? <SEP> See that was a rerun. Really? Oh I guess I nev-. Yeah. I wondered if that's. Huh. <SEP> See I don't know if that's a the movie of the week or or what. But it seems like there's only about four or five different ones. And then then they keep showing them over and over. Oh I guess I've I haven't seen it before. He was a movie director. And he had that gal killed. Yeah. <SEP> Okay. Yeah. On the set or something. That was pretty good though. Yeah. It was. But yeah. I like COLOMBO probably the best of any of those mystery things. <SEP> Uh-huh. But um there's no never anything good on Saturdays though. No kidding. I don't think so. Well STAR TREK'S on at five. But I'm never home. So. <SEP> What is it that. There's something I watch something I watch on Saturdays. And I can't remember what it is. Now I used to watch TWIN PEAKS. Oh. You never saw that? I've heard of it a lot. I've heard of. A lot of people somehow or something. They'll say so and so from TWIN PEAKS or something you know. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. That was a different soap opera. Oh. But it was it was a different type of show. Uh-huh. <SEP> I didn't like the way it ended though. Oh did they end the whole series? Yeah. Oh. <SEP> Yeah. They didn't they only did it for I think two years. Oh. But it's all over now. Oh another show I like to watch is MASH.
sw2383.txt:Well in the norman- in a normal route of way we do things how about the ladies go first? All righty. Um well I uh have a four year old who will just be entering public school next year. So I'm really just starting to get involved in uh in what's out there and how they do things. Um as far as the system as a whole I really don't see a problem with it. I do see a problem with graduating people that that can't read and are not you know productive in society or productive to themselves. And uh I think that's the main problem at this point. How about yourself? All right. I'm live in Plano Texas. And uh uh today we're not even suppose to be in school because the uh the way the taxation and all that crap is there really legally isn't any funding for the school systems in Texas today. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. So uh I mean when you when you take uh uh professionals and put them in situations they have to make decisions based on money to fund public education. And they can't get their finger out of their ear long enough to to get that major subject in line. Something's wrong. So I think here in Texas mainly that the the they're not serious. They're more serious about what the salary should be for senators than they are for what how the level of education should be for children. I have a one year old. So I'm not I'm more opinionated about the observations than than the true facts. But it's just a shame to me that that the our firemen our policemen and school teachers are the three least paid utilities um that have the biggest impact to our well-being. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's true. I have I have a real issue with that. Um I think that if from every year when they when they pull in the the the uh test that the last three years you know ten eleven twelve year uh graders take. And and then you see that their education is below the norm throughout of all fifty states. They're not saying that something's wrong with the educational system here in Texas. I have a real concern about that um. As a matter of fact I'm very content to spend my daughter out of state to college in Virginia uh verses having her go down here and not learn anything. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then uh so I'm my opinion I think there's a big concern. Hope hopefully the new uh education secretary of education will do something to fix the problem. But uh I don't know. They've got to quit worrying about uh the uh religious uh overtones in our textbooks and get on with teaching the product. Yeah. I think they get bogged down in a lot of small issues that people you know special interest groups can blow up and uh and not really get down to teaching what's important. Uh-huh. <SEP> Teaching these kids you know how really the basics is what it comes down to. Exactly. I was astonished to find out that that across the United States in all public schools it is not mandatory for them to take phys ed. Is that right? Ha- they don't even a lot of the school systems don't even uh the kids nowadays don't even know what what the president's fitness education program is all about. <SEP> Huh. They don't have to do sit-ups and push-ups and all that crap we had to do when we were going to school. I remember. And yeah. And uh I talked to a thirteen year old last night who's uh goes to uh one of the Plano high schools or junior highs I guess. And she said that she had a choice. She could either have taken tennis or weight lifting. So she choice to take weight lifting over the regular gym. <SEP> I mean give me a break. I mean the kids sit there. And they and they drink cokes and eat popcorn for for lunch. And then go out there and lift weights and don't learn anything. And talk. Yeah. It's just a real I have a real problem with the whole system. <SEP> Huh. They need to put some sternness back into the into the teachers and let them be able to uh get the old whip out and get some discipline. Yeah. Then it comes down to what you said before though about them being some of the lowest paid public you know public service employees that there are. Uh-huh. <SEP> I used to I used to date a girl who taught English at ninth grade level. And yet they're so important. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean I was absolutely flabbergasted at what they wo- what she was paid. True. She was young you know. But still it's the principle. Right. Of course if she got her Master's degree it would all be different. But uh. <SEP> Well you know it's hard though because then you start talking taxes. And that's a bad word. Oh taxes Lord forbi- Lord forbid taxes. Goodness gracious if we would uh plan our expressways a little better that ten dollars for the bridges and the roads we'd cut that in half and get some teachers we might have us a problem. <SEP> There's an idea. Maybe I should run for office huh? Run on that then no income taxes in Texas huh? That's true. <SEP> I'm in Texas too. So. That's funny. That's funny. Well that's about all I have here. Well me too. I uh I think we both agree there's some problems there. But we'll maybe do our small part to fix them up. Yes. Ma'am. <SEP> Surely. I've enjoyed it. All right. You too. Bye bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw3399.txt:Uh well I guess social change takes in a a big category. But uh I guess the the one aspect of it that I took in uh consideration is more economical. Um. I I know that the amount of or how far your dollar goes probably more than anything has has greatly changed. <SEP> Yes. I agree. I know they they did a. It was on a talk show. They took uh the parents and then the uh the son. And they compared income at different points in time when the when the father was you know was a little bit younger and more in his heyday. Uh-huh. And they and they compared to the son's that he was making now. And even though the son was probably more successful you know higher up in the the management ladder uh his he was actually making less money when you co- when you go by costs of living. <SEP> Right. Um. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. And it's depending on where you live though too. Yeah. I know just uh just with me ten years ago I was comparing the. I think I I was living better ten years ago than I am now even though I'm making more money now. But my dollar went a lot farther. Yeah. That's true. Ten years ago I was eleven. Oh. I remember though like buying candy and stuff that was a lot less expensive than it is now. And gas. Yeah. <SEP> And I used to hear stories from my Grandpa. And you know he could see a movie for like a nickel and things like that. Yeah. Well I I know gas prices have definitely jumped uh from uh. I know I used to pay twenty-five cents a gallon. And now it's over a buck. Yeah. I don't know what it's uh by you. Around here Minnesota Wisconsin area it's uh it's dropping. But I think it's about a dollar fifteen on an average. <SEP> Yeah. I'm from Wisconsin. Yeah. Okay. Well that's uh that's unu-. Most of the people I talk to are Texas. So. Oh yeah. I spoke to a person from Texas too. Yeah. <SEP> This is only my second phone call. So I'm waiting for mine. Oh. I suppose this will be one of my towards my last one pretty soon. So they'll stop me. <SEP> Um. But uh I'm uh I'm pretty much out to the things to say. Oh like like social changes. Yeah. <SEP> Um um and I don't think this would have anything to do with it. But like clothing and styles lot of those changed. Okay. Yeah. I I I don't think they they consider. Like I say it's a broad category. It's just I'm not economical. But uh even attitudes on on clothing and stuff uh I know. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. Definitely. <SEP> Towards each other. Yeah. I I I know a lot of the things that that we wear men wear nowadays were would have been considered uh feminine uh many years ago. But. I know it's been it was hard for me at first. Uh-huh. Yeah. But now I kind of like you know a lot of the bright colors. <SEP> Yeah. I mean like I used to be more uh conservative and just your basic colors. But now I I do like some of these uh brighter fluorescent colors. Yeah. But they styles come and go all the time though. It's just ridiculous fads in and out. And even um clothing from the sixties came back. Yeah. <SEP> I see a lot of um girls wearing sixties clothes. Yeah. I I I guess the the best thing I like to see from the sixties and seventies is of course is the mini skirt of course. One of the nice things. But uh. Yeah. I don't think that there's anything as original. It's it's all based on uh one of the past styles. They just um make their uh circle and come back again. <SEP> Yeah. So if you hang onto your clothes long enough uh they'll they'll be back in style in a few years. Yeah. <SEP> That's true. Maybe some day I probably won't be alive to see it. But prices might go down lot more. Yeah. I don't know though. Doesn't look good. Well I think thinking back I think the only style I hope doesn't come back is bell bottoms. <SEP> Yeah. I remember that. I do. I guess when I look at pictures of myself in the bell bottoms I say God. Yeah. I didn't really care for them either. But now I.
sw2587.txt:Go ahead. Oh um uh I usually don't get to hea- hear any of the current events probably until about the ten o'clock news. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh you know being uh. I mean by the time you get off work go by and pick up the uh baby from the baby sitter it's you know after six. And by the time everything is settled in. It's ten o'clock before I can catch up on anything. Yeah. I guess that's the way I am too. I sometimes I hear some things on on the radio. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. I only get the newspaper on the weekends. So. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. Oh I don't even have ge- time to read the newspaper except in passing. Uh-huh. You know I'll look over my husband's shoulder and see what's going on. I I guess occasionally I'll hear someone at work say something though. <SEP> But uh. Yeah. We have uh a news thing on the computer that uh that I'll I'll try to look at every day. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh it it's pretty much headline news. Yeah. Which isn't you know pretty much what we loo- look for anyway. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh. I do you think that the quality of the uh the you know the news events that you get are. What do you think about it? Well I I guess it's pretty good. And and like the Dallas area. Uh-huh. And I I guess when you're in a big metropolitan area like this. There's I guess a lot of pressure in that business to borderline at that. <SEP> Yeah. Well you know there's a lot of competition in the media. Uh-huh. <SEP> And sometimes I think it too much trying to figure out who's going to get the best headlines. And that they'll run a topic into the ground. Yeah. And uh. You know they try to play public's opinion. Which I think is awful because it usually works. Uh-huh. True. I'll bet that was the case of the the war in the Middle East. <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. That. Uh l- lots of new uh newsmen were created during that. So it will be interesting to see what happens. Uh-huh. True. Trying to think what else is. Is current. <SEP> Right. Uh uh. Well um I don't know what to say. <SEP> Uh that's a bad one. They uh. Looks like we're going to have an income tax in Texas. Yeah. I hate to see that. But it's uh i- that you know if what it's going to take. Well you know we can deduct that from our income tax our federal income tax. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh you know but we need good schools. Uh we're more involved in that now. And I I I I think it's better for everybody if we had better schools. Yeah. That's true. So. I would think they could find a better way to fund it though. But they haven't for. <SEP> No. You know I wish they could have gotten a lottery. Well they're struggling with it. Yeah. I think you know the lottery could have helped with that. I mean it wouldn't have been as painful as what we would've paid in state income tax. I mean probably would have paid the same amount. But you know it's not the idea of your paying uh income tax. Uh-huh. True. <SEP> So. I I'm not sure there's a positive solution for that. No. It'll be interesting to see what happens. Trying to think what else is current. <SEP> I you know I haven't seen the news in a couple of days. So it uh. I'm a little behind on things. Well the other thing I can think of is uh what is still going on in Iraq and the Kurd refugees. Yes. That's that's sad. <SEP> Yeah. They uh yeah they had to choose between the better of the two two bad situations. And uh I don't know what I've would have done in the situation. Uh-huh. Yeah. It begins to make you wonder why we didn't go ahead and go on in and finish the job while we were in there. <SEP> Yeah. Right. But I understand why Bush you know doesn't want to go in and and uh take sides. I mean because that would definitely look like another Korea. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he'd have all these people jumping down his back even though I'd agree with it. I think he ought to should've gone in there and blew them away. Seems to have helped him though popularity wise. Yeah it it it did a lot. <SEP> He did a real good job I believe. I have uh in-laws that live in Saudi Arabia that stayed there during all of it too. Hm. It uh it uh you know. We so we kept very much abreast of what was going on. Yeah. Were were they in any of the areas where they some of the Scuds? <SEP> Yeah. They were on the the ne- near uh Dahran. On the on the wes- east coast. Um. <SEP> Um-hum. Yeah. <SEP> They were just north of it. Probably about a hundred fifty miles hundred miles from uh the Kuwaiti border. Um. Uh and they stayed active was the uh the military there. Taking supplies out to them in the desert. Uh-huh. <SEP> It was it was a new situation. Yeah. I'll bet. I don't really have much more to say. I don't know anything else that's current other than the weather. And. <SEP> You're right. And that's that's awful in Texas. Have have you all been getting rain storms down there? We got some awful rain uh the other morning. And today's just been real drizzly. We did we did last night. Uh some real massive thunderstorms. <SEP> Yeah. Apparently I I don't know if it was just the strong winds or some small tornadoes up this way too. Uh-huh. Caused some damage. <SEP> It did? We may get some more tonight. Oh well. We we've just got slight chances of rain. But uh we had the we had the hard thunderstorms the other morning. Course while everybody was getting ready to go to work. Making nice traffic jams. So. Uh-huh. Well the the ground here is so flat. And it's all saturated now. <SEP> Oh. We're getting some flooding. Right. Uh when was it last week we had all the rain? But uh. We I think we had about eight inches. Hm. <SEP> It was between six and eight inches here where we are. Goodness. And uh it you walk out on the ground. I mean you. I mean it's awful. It's just so soggy. Yeah. It's a lot more humid down that way. <SEP> Yeah. In fact miserable. Well today it was I mean the air was just so sticky so damp. Yeah. I think there were places around downtown Fort Worth last night they got three inches in a real short period of time like an hour or so just a bunch. <SEP> Goodness. Well I guess that's it. Right. Well it's. That's about as much as we can do with current events. <SEP> Right. Well it was nice talking to you. Good talking to you Michelle. All right. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3576.txt:Let's see. My husband does the majority of the um the uh gardening uh taking care of the lawn and fertilizing. But I um tend to all the planting the annuals and and the spraying and um taking care of them and maybe putting flowers in you know throughout that season and later on maybe planting some mums and that kind of stuff and um any kind of decorating for the holidays you know. Uh-huh. I'll fix the porch up with pumpkins for Halloween and Christmas. But basically he does all the heavy stuff. And I do all the fun stuff. <SEP> Well we have it just opposite here. My wife works in you know at at at the T I. And she's uh sedentary all day long so when she gets home she likes to mow. Uh-huh. I see. <SEP> And we have about ten acres. And she tries to mow about half of it. Wow. Wow. That's a a big job. <SEP> Well yeah. It keeps uh well. It's doing real well. Because when we got this place the the dirt was just overgrazed. Uh-huh. I mean you know it was bare dirt in a lot of places. Uh-huh. <SEP> And now you know since we've been mowing it. And you know of course we water a little bit. That's just too much to water all at once. But but just by keeping it mowed and getting it mulched in we've reclaimed a lot of it. Oh sure. Oh I bet it's beautiful. <SEP> Yeah. But we don't do much in the way of uh flowers. We have one little flower garden that we that we work with. Uh-huh. The rest of it is just like wild flowers. Wild flowers. <SEP> And in the summertime we get the prettiest yellow flowers. Uh-huh. They're about oh I guess a third the size of your palm of your hand. Uh-huh. <SEP> And course in the spring we get the bluebonnets and Indian paintbrush. Oh that sounds lovely. Uh-huh. Oh the wild flowers are beautiful. I think um I was thinking about throwing some for in the back just where the kids um just way in the back behind the swing sets. Or just have some wild flowers growing back there would be real pretty. Then you don't really have to have much maintenance involved. <SEP> Yeah. Well my wife and I really enjoy that sort of thing. Uh-huh. Uh she enjoys mowing. I can't believe it. Uh-huh. I know a lot of. <SEP> I mean I hate it. Uh-huh. A lot of women do. Um. I've just never really you know. Maybe one of these days I'll have to get out there and mow. But um my husband takes it on. And I'll help rake up the grass. And um sometimes I'll help him edge um. Because we don't have that much property. But we're on a corner lot. So there's a lot of edging to do. Right. And um uh that's what's nice about living more in the country. You don't have to worry about any of that. <SEP> We don't even have any concrete or asphalt. Oh. Oh that's nice. I. This is different for us because the other. In the past we've had homes that haven't had any side walks. And um it's been a little more country with the trees. And we do miss that. Um if we had a chance to move I think we'd move back to somewhere that was a little more countrified and a little less maintenance required as as far as that goes. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> But you know we do everything together. Uh-huh. This this spring we got a thousand pine trees from the. Actually this fall I was talking about. Two weeks ago we got a thousand pine trees from the you know soil and conservation people. Oh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh we're in the process of of planting. Wow that's. <SEP> And we're building a stand uh just to the north of our house and along the east uh property line. Um. And I uh I think what we're what we're trying to do is create sort of a wind break because I tell you in the winter time when that when that wind comes out of the north it just cuts right through you like you're not even there. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. So. Right. Well I put. <SEP> On the other side of the house though that's where we have all the the delicate flowers and the mums. And we have morning glory. Uh-huh. And we have trumpet vine and moon flowers. And we planted those out by the septic so that uh they get plenty of water. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we get hummingbirds come in the spring you know all summer long. Oh. Oh that sounds so pretty. <SEP> And well when we leave the doors open they fly in the house. Oh really. Do they don't do any damage though. They just fly right back out if you have the. <SEP> Well yeah. They don't like it in here because there's nothing to eat. I see. And when you're as busy as one of those babies you've got to eat most of the time. I see. <SEP> And we got a few you know. We put up some hummingbird feeders and some bird feeders. Uh-huh. But you know for the most part gardening for us is. Well we got asparagus. And uh we've got some plum trees and some apple trees and some tomato and some blackberries and strawberries. Uh-huh. <SEP> Man we get the best strawberries that you just can't believe. Oh oh that sounds wonderful. We just got our last tomatoes. Oh I love home gro- grown tomatos. <SEP> Yeah. There's nothing like them. They just don't have the same ones in the supermarket. Well these are accidental tomatos. What does that mean accidental tomatoes? <SEP> Well last year the birds came and ate a few of the tomatoes. Of course you're going to lose some that way. Uh-huh. And the seeds go right through them. I see. <SEP> And wherever they pooped.
sw2442.txt:All right. Okay. Are you on an exercise program now. Or. Yeah. I exercise pretty regularly. <SEP> Uh-huh. I lift weights quite a bit. Uh-huh. Um I run occasionally. Let's see what else do I do. Play golf some. And I work out on a on a hanging bag. I'm brown belt in karate. So I keep up with that a little bit. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh yeah. How about you. <SEP> Um the only exercise program I'm doing right now is walking. Uh-huh. I've got a nine month old. And I'm four months pregnant with my second. And so at the time walking seems to be the best. It's something I can do with her plus um doesn't tax me too physically. Uh-huh. <SEP> I have enjoyed aerobics in the past. And I enjoy that because I like the group association you know like exercising with other people. Yeah. And um and that's my favorite way to exercise. Well that's neat. Yeah. I do walk some too. My wife's about five months along. <SEP> Oh. So she's been walking quite a bit. So that is a good exercise for that. Yeah. It's nice to do it together too I guess. Uh-huh. <SEP> My husband and I use to walk together. But our schedules don't coincide as well as they used to. And so we very seldom get together to walk. But when you when you work out do you pretty much do it on your own schedule. Or do you go to groups. Or. I I do it on my own schedule. Uh-huh. We used to try and belong to clubs or the Y stuff like that. But it was so difficult to go on a regular basis to drive the distance you have to go. <SEP> Uh-huh. Save the fees. We've uh just save the fees and buy some of our own equipment. So. And then you can do it whenever you want I guess. Yeah. I've got a weight bench. And we got my wife an exercise bike. And I use that sometimes too. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's a little more convenient. But you're I guess you're not as dedicated if you don't drive over to do it. I guess it depends on the person depends on how motivated you are. Uh-huh. <SEP> Because my husband used to work out three days a week with uh at the Texas Instruments gym. Uh-huh. And then I would just go on Saturdays. But since the first of the year neither one of us have been going. Yeah. <SEP> So I guess like I say we've been paying these fees and not going. So it's kind of a waste of money if you don't take advantage of it. Yeah. I think you really have to be disciplined. Yeah. I uh I try to work out at least a couple of times a week. And I think you really have to at least twice a week just to maintain the shape that you're in. <SEP> Yeah. With the walking I think they said you need to walk at least twelve miles a week for it to be aerobically beneficial. Uh-huh. And we I have two friends that we walk. They have babies that are about the same ages as as mine. And we've been walking every morning at going. When it was cold we would go to the mall because you can't take the babies out very easily. Yeah. <SEP> So we when we go we have about do about fifteen miles a week. But the last little while for one reason or another we haven't been real consistent. So it's a little harder when you're depending on other people to do it with you because you have to meet their schedules as well. Uh-huh. But but I enjoy doing it more when I've got other people with me. Sure. <SEP> You know I usually do it because I want to because I know it's good for me not because I don't feel obligated to do it. I enjoy it. If I feel too obligated to do it. I start to rebel. And I won't be as consistent with it. Yeah. I understand. Did you exercise between your first child and your second? I exercised pretty well up until I found uh until I was pregnant. And I started having pains. So I've calmed down everything except I was working out doing aerobic exercises as well as the um walking. Yeah. <SEP> And I had to stop the aerobics because it was just kind of painful. But the T I rec center has an aerobics program for for um prenatal and postnatal aerobic type thing. Um. And I was going to wait until um about my sixth month and then start that. I did that with the second baby. And um I went to my exercise class one day. And then she was delivered the next day. Gosh. <SEP> So it would seem to be real beneficial. Uh-huh. Yeah. Maybe it maybe it speeded up the process and all that. Well I think it made parts of it a lot easier. And and is this your first that you're having? Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh okay. Well then I don't know how much you've been through it. But I think parts of it made a lot easier. And I've talked to a lot of ladies that exercise with one pregnancy and didn't with the other. And they said that they had ex- that the one they had exercised with was three or four times easier. Really. And we've I had. Having both of them natural the first one was natural and going natural the second. And and it's it's rough. But it's not as bad as I thought it would be. And I think the exercise helped. Well that's good. <SEP> So do you work with T I? No. I don't. My my wife has been working with them. Oh okay. Well then she could go if she were interested. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think that's what the class that meets on Saturday mornings. So she could find out if she wanted to go. It's kind of fun because with the first pregnancy all the other ladies except one were on their first pregnancy. And they would talk about exercise and just general things relating to the birthing process. And so for us it was educational as well as exercise beneficial. So. At least it's something you enjoy. I know a lot of people that talk about exercise and say Well I don't want to exercise it's too much work. But there's a lot of different things you can do that are enjoyable that you don't have to strain yourself or sweat or be real sore afterwards. That's right. <SEP> Yeah. And sometimes if you get a little soreness you feel like Well I've done a good job because I got worked myself to that point. But I guess that you don't want to overdo. But well have we reached our limit? I'm not sure how long we've been talking. But. Yeah. I think we've talked about six minutes or so. Okay. Well it's been good talking to you. Been good talking to you as well. <SEP> Okay. I hope your baby goes well comes out well. Thanks. Yours too. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3596.txt:About the weather. Oh yes. Very appropriate I guess. Uh you ready for this? Yeah. <SEP> Okay John. Just a moment. Well guess what. We get to talk about the weather. The weather is uh this time of year has actually been kind of unusual. I haven't expected it to be colder until you know. Like we've gotten the last couple of days. Uh-huh. I don't know. I fly for a living. And I've uh. The weather's been terribly unusual every where I've been. <SEP> Oh you do. Yeah. So you you you probably go everywhere and have all sorts of weather. Yeah. <SEP> I imagine it's kind of an experience also trying to land and take off in the weather. Well it was around here last night. I'll tell you that. Well actually I'm I'm I've heard on the news that we uh will be setting a record here in the State of Texas for the uh large amounts of rain and moisture we've had this year that it's going to break all kind of records that were set set set back since nineteen thirty-two. No kidding. <SEP> So yeah. Um. If it keeps on raining like this. And I understand it's supposed to rain until Saturday night. Saturday or Sunday they were saying. Yeah. <SEP> Oh yes. Yeah. I know the systems have been real strong out. I went through uh Phoenix on twice on uh Wednesday morning. Uh-huh. And uh approaches to low minimum both both times. <SEP> Wow. And Phoenix never gets that kind of weather. So. And so are you an airline pilot? Yes. I am. <SEP> Oh great. For Southwest. Yeah. For Southwest. Fantastic. I have a brother I have a brother that's a pilot also with American. Oh is that right? <SEP> Yeah. So I imagine you uh oh with all this kind of weather it uh makes it kind of dangerous for you. Well now I wouldn't call it danger. This is uh this really isn't bad stuff to fly around in. This is much better than dealing with the thunderstorms in the Springtime. Oh I guess so. Yeah. Yeah. The the air systems are reasonably calm. We don't have uh the turbulence have a uh little bit of chop. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it's not like it is in the spring time. Oh yes. Well we moved actually down here from another location. And it's spectacular the the thunderstorms and rain storms you get in the spring time the torrents of rain. Spectacular is the right word for them. <SEP> Pardon me? Spectacular is a good word for them. I've never seen a thunder show like I've seen down here before in Texas. It's amazing. <SEP> Lights up the whole sky and even on a on a. Actually I've I've seen it where there's not a cloud in the sky. It's a cloudless night. And the rain isn't falling. But you can see the thunder and excuse me see the lightening going horizontally across the sky and back and forth and what a light show. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> It's it's fabulous. Cloud to cloud it can be real really sensational here. Yeah. That's true. Where are you from originally? <SEP> I'm from uh northern Utah. And that's a very arid climate from uh Salt Lake City area. Uh-huh. And there's always a lot of snow. In fact where I grew up we were about an hour's drive from seven to uh twelve different major ski resorts. And so there was an awful lot of snow. Oh. <SEP> And because it was an arid climate the snow was always a crisp powder light snow which made it fantastic for skiing and and sleigh riding and everything else. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. <SEP> So we had a great time. Were you near near the Park Cities area. Um yeah. In uh in Snowbird and Solitude and and Brighton and yes all those areas. Beautiful area. <SEP> Uh-huh. <SEP> So I imagine have you skied before? Well we've skied. I have not skied that area. Uh-huh. I've driven through it several times. Uh I skied we skied California a bunch when we lived out there. And and uh um and of course grew we grew up in Minnesota. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we do some skiing there lot of cross country skiing there. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Great. Well do you think this the the weather is typical for this time of the year? Well not really. I you know. Minnesota's gotten just hammered with snow um. The um uh. We've gotten a fair amount of rain for this time of year already I think. <SEP> Yes. Yeah. And uh I've been surprised that we haven't seen more of the temperatures that we've got today you know that moved in last night. <SEP> Yeah. It's been it's been cold. There was a time though in the uh middle part of November that got really cool really really unseasonably cool. Yes. Yes. It did. <SEP> And then it warmed right back up. And I thought great. Yeah. And that's that's a fun th-. Yeah. My wife was just listening here. And she said yeah. It froze in fact. Yeah. It was it was real cold. Yeah. But that was very unseasonable for us down here. <SEP> And uh but uh I've really enjoyed the weather down here too. Because uh two years ago we were the day after Christmas able to go out in shorts and play tennis in the nice sunny weat- weather. And it's not as severe I should say as the weather that I've experienced up in northern Utah. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's that's real true. Same with us from Minnesota. It's it's uh. In fact I've I've played golf on on uh New Year's Day one year. <SEP> Down here? Yeah. Yeah. Not in Minnesota. No. No. No. No. <SEP> I have a brother-in-law that lives in Minnesota. And they say boy six months out of the year it's bitter cold and and the wind and the blowing snow and everything. Oh it is. It is. Well and they've had uh you know. Usually in Minnesota they get their snow in January and February. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they're up over sixty-five or sixty-.
sw2260.txt:Okay. Let's see. I think uh. I guess if I call I'm supposed to start. I think uh that's the way everybody has done it so far. Okay. But anyway I think that um we are paying a lot in taxes. But I think that we have a government and we have a lot of freedoms and we have a lot of things that the governments do with our money. Um we're probably one of the the only countries in the world that has all the things that we have. The you know. As far as the quality of the streets the school systems um the hospital stuff that the government gives money to. Um the you know all the things that the government does like that. I uh I think they need to manage it a little bit better. But I don't think uh anybody is just going to come in and fix it in a couple of weeks because they've been messing it up for many years now. So. <SEP> I have to agree that. Yeah. And you're right. We I mean we you know we do have a good government. We do have a lot of things that you know that you know the taxes are there to support. But I do think they're mismanaged. And I think that sometimes it's too easy of a I don't know to easy of an answer. It seems to say I'll tax them if you can't get enough money instead of trying to figure out how to cut budgets or cut spending or or you know get all of the waste out of the spending. Huh-uh. <SEP> Uh I don't know what y'all are paying in Dallas. But you know it seems like we pay the state. You know there's a. The taxes set by you know the state and the city can add theirs. And the county adds theirs. And you know we're paying almost eight percent sales tax right now. Which seems to me nuts. I came from California. And you know when I left there we paid six cents on the dollar. And that was like one of the highest in the nation. Right. I think it's seven here. Yeah. Seven point something. <SEP> Yeah. Ourselves is seven point seven five. Huh-uh. Whole state. Yeah. <SEP> It drives me crazy. I'm thinking you know everybody is sitting here screaming about we don't want a state income tax. But yet they allow the sales tax to go up and up and up and up. And they don't do anything about it. You know. Right. Where are you at? What state? <SEP> I'm in Lubbock Texas. Oh really. Yeah. Yeah. There's. We're still we're still one of few that don't have the uh state tax. <SEP> That's true. And I did pay state tax in California. But my goodness. That that. The what did you call it the sales tax is just getting outrageous to pay. Yeah. That's true. You don't sound like you're from Dallas. Where do you do you come from originally. Texas? Yeah. I do. I've lived in in the Dallas area here since I was like four. <SEP> Oh okay. So. Uh it's I don't know an urban area I guess. Whatever. I don't know. You just you just managed to escape the real Texan accent. Yeah. <SEP> I thought maybe you had come from somewhere else and had some experience with taxes there. No. No. I've just lived here. Yeah. But I don't know. I do. I can think of all the biblical things about it too. Where what did they say to uh. I can't think of the scripture. Render unto Caesar's what is Caesar's. <SEP> That's right. So you know even even in the story where they had to pay the taxes the disciples and uh Jesus said the money in the fish's mouth or in the fisher inside the fish. Yeah. And uh I thought of those two things when I was I was holding for a long time. <SEP> Oh were you really trying to find someone at home? Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Well you know um back then what they tried to do you know. The would always try to stump Jesus try to give him something that would contradict himself. Right. And so that's what they were trying to do with the tax situation. And of course that's when he said well you render unto Caesar's what is Caesar's. You render unto God what is God's. Right. <SEP> And uh you know of course there. I don't think they really cared about the answer. Right. They just wanted to try and catch him in something. Yeah. <SEP> But but I believe in paying taxes. And I mean yeah. Like everybody else I try to take as many deductions as I can. Oh sure. You know I don't want to pay more than I have to. Sure. <SEP> And I get outraged when I feel like they go up for useless reasons. But I believe that they're necessary. Right. So I really do. Yeah. Are. <SEP> Do you do you deal with taxes much in what you do when you work. Or. No. Not really. I've I spends a lot of time with our income tax though. This especially this year and last year. Um I have been married for just a few years. So I've had to really switch around from the E Z form to the uh. Schedule A. Right. <SEP> Well yeah. All the deductions and all that. Did you notice that when they passed the new simplified tax act it seemed like it made everything harder? Yeah. It really did. <SEP> I I saw that too. I didn't notice anything simplified about it except that they took away the deductions the interest and other things. Right. <SEP> Right. We're looking at buying a house. <SEP> Yeah. And that was one of the main pluses that we have about buying a house. And it will help tremendously. Yeah. <SEP> We bought ours five years ago. And it's. The one thing. It seems like you make those payments every month. And at the end of the year you've paid all interest and no principles. Right. So that will definitely help in taxes and what you will get back. Yeah. There's a thing I just. I've been trying to learn as much as I can about it. If you pay. I know I get paid twice a month every two weeks. <SEP> Huh-uh. That's once a month. Huh-uh. Well I get twenty six paychecks which would come out to be in thirteen months. <SEP> That's right. So if you pay your rent or your house payment every two weeks Instead of once a month you'll come out paying a uh one month extra every year. Huh-uh. <SEP> That's right. And it will if have you a thirty year note it will take like seven or plus years off of your note. That's right. My parents uh bought a home in San Diego about four or five years ago. <SEP> And they did that. They thought their payment was automatically taken out like every other Wednesday. Oh yeah. And that's exactly right. Everyone. Though the note is thirty years she said it's going be paid off in twenty or twenty one years or something like that. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Just because of exactly what you said. Right. <SEP> You're making one more month's payment every year. And that's going on the principle. It doesn't pay any interest. Yeah. Or usually it doesn't. <SEP> So That's a good way to do it. Yeah. <SEP> And when we bought this house we looked at doing a fifteen year note because it added more to the payment but not significant amounts you know. Huh-uh. It was a good payoff for being able to pay it off sooner. Right. That's what we're looking at fifteen or maybe twenty. <SEP> Yeah. We're not going to go longer than twenty. Yeah. But we're taking our time. We're going to try to make our decision by July. <SEP> Well that's good though. Well we just started two or three weeks ago. Yeah. And we're not going to just kill ourselves. Just two or three houses a week at the most. <SEP> Well that's good though. Yeah. Is it kind of a buyer's market down there? Absolutely. Yeah. <SEP> Well that's good. Credit union has nine percent interest. That's pretty excellent. Yeah. So that's. I don't know. We couldn't think of a better time to buy than now. <SEP> That's good. But anyway. Well um I can't think of a whole lot more to say. Well I can't either. I appreciate the call though. Yeah. Me too. <SEP> I enjoyed talking to you. Yeah. Same here. My wife uh she went to uh the school out there in Lubbock. In Lubbock? She was there for two or three years before we got married. I guess before I even met her. <SEP> Just a second. Okay. Go ahead. But anyway. <SEP> So she was at school out here? She went to school there. Well what was her name? Cathy Walker. <SEP> No. I didn't know any Walkers. Yeah. Well good luck in your house hunting. Yeah. Thanks a lot. You y'all work at T I? <SEP> I do. You do. Yeah. I'm in human resources. Oh really. <SEP> Yeah. That's interesting. I work in the waiver. Do you really. Because that's. I work with Elma. Oh really. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And I used to work. I I did all of their capital and financial planning for about eight years. Oh wow. <SEP> And then I have been in Human Resources for the last two years. And I work with those same people all those nine years. So I feel kind of part of the staff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm uh turning in a capital request right now. <SEP> You are. Yeah. That's funny that's where you're from. What are trying to get? A machine that puts back grind tape on and off the waivers. <SEP> Oh. Okay. So you work in back grind? Yeah. I'm I'm sort of an acting process engineer. Oh okay. Not officially. But that's pretty much what I do. <SEP> That's what you do uh. Yeah. And do you? Right. And. <SEP> Well good deal. What did you think of Sam? Uh oh I like him. He's hard. But we needed that. Well that's good. Yeah. He's. <SEP> He was very good for Lubbock when he came to you know. It was the same kind of thing. He had a lot of good results. Yeah. That's that's what he said here. Good. He's gotten us into a linear flow that we've never been in before. <SEP> Well good. That's been a real big plus. Good. He's broadened our um the devices that we're making too which has made us as lot more stable. <SEP> Oh okay. Well that's good. Anyway well it was nice to talk to you. <SEP> Well you too. And. They're are going to interrupt us any minute now. I can tell. Well I know they will. And besides my daughter wants me to put her to bed. Okay. Yeah. Me too. <SEP> Well have a good day. You too. Bye. Bye-bye.
sw3108.txt:Well what movies have you seen recently Valerie? Let's see. The last one we saw was THELMA AND LOUISE. Oh we haven't seen that one yet. <SEP> Well don't bother. Oh it wasn't that good. Well oh from a woman's point of view and it was very uh chauvinistic as far as women go. Uh it was it was entertaining. But yeah. I don't think the general audience would would go for it. The most recent one that uh my wife and I have seen was the CITY SLICKER. <SEP> How was that? That was excellent. It was just a really a really funny movie. That is one I've been dying to see. At the same time it had a story line about people trying to find themselves. There were parts that were sad. I mean it just ran the gamut of emotion. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And. And but it was just enter- all around entertaining. How long did that movie run? Uh it's still on to the best of my knowledge. <SEP> But I mean time wise how long. Was it two hour. Oh. Or. Uh it's I think it's less than two hours. <SEP> Uh-huh. Okay. Okay. We we rented one recently that seemed to go on forever. That always seems to happen when you rent them you know. Yeah. But this one it was fairly long. I I'm guessing probably an hour and forty-five minutes maybe. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And uh it. But excellent acting by Billy Crystal and Bruno Kirby. Was it oh good. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh who was the. Oh Jack Palance had an excellent part in there as the old cowboy. Oh great. So we really enjoyed that. <SEP> Oh well I'm looking forward to seeing that one. That was next on our list. So uh. Yeah. I think that uh I can highly recommend that movie this to see. Okay. Okay. Good deal. Yeah. <SEP> Good deal. Do you rent movies very often. Or. Uh we generally rent a couple a week. Uh in order to get a decent movie to have on a weekend you've got to rent it on Thursday. Right. <SEP> Right. They get they get taken up at the store. That's exactly right. So. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. We will rent two or three movies on Thursday. And uh with luck you'll have one or two that are good. Yeah. Right. Right. Most of them are a coin flip. <SEP> Oh gosh. Yeah. Yeah. And we usually have oh we don't get out as much as we like. We have two children. So we occasionally get out to the movies. Yeah. But uh it's it's fun it's a fun thing to do to get out and be entertained for once. Yeah well. <SEP> Quite frequently we have our grandchildren on the weekends. Uh-huh. And uh we'll try to rent something that they can see as well as something else that we can see. And Uh Uh generally try to stay in the at least P G range. <SEP> Uh-huh. What ages are they? Have you found trouble finding movies for them. Or. <SEP> Right. The uh the oldest is nine. The youngest is three. He doesn't really pay attention. Yeah. Yeah. The five year old doesn't have the attention span either. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But the the nine year old will watch anything that's on T V. Uh-oh uh-oh yeah. So. <SEP> They have been doing that. We've been waiting for a a good movie out this summer for the kids to see. The last one they saw was HOME ALONE. And uh they enjoyed that. But uh I missed that one. My husband took the kids to see that one. So. Yeah. My wife took uh I think the kids to see that one. But we can generally find something at the store for them to watch. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well that's a good deal. The. Uh oh we saw this movie. PRESUMED INNOCENT was the one we rented uh last weekend. Okay. Let me think if I have rented that one. <SEP> Harrison Ford. Harrison Ford and how does the story line go? It's uh he is a prosecuting attorney. And uh another prosecutor in the a woman prosecutor in there is murdered. <SEP> Oh okay. We haven't seen that one. And he's trying to find it. But course it's one of these with a twist where it looks like he's the one that wound up killing her. So it's And it's an extremely long movie. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. It's it's over two hours long. <SEP> Oh gosh. Oh gosh. Which. Uh my wife enj- she likes the suspense movies. I enjoy them to a degree. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think that's the one I wanted to pick up the other day. And then my husband wasn't going to be able to watch it with me. So I thought I better save that one for another day. Save that for another day. Yeah. Because I think he'd like that one. Yeah. <SEP> You enjoyed that one then. Yeah. I think you it's uh it's something I think you would enjoy. Yes. Uh-huh. Okay. Well that's a good one to put on the list. It it's like most suspense movies. What was. It was on T V recently uh FATAL ATTRACTION. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's one that once you've seen it once and uh the suspense there is not really you really can't see it again. Right. Okay. So you know all the story and who did what and when it happened. <SEP> Uh-huh. So once once you seen one that's a suspenseful type movie like that then it's it's not good for a second watching particularly. Uh-huh. Okay. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. At least I don't think so. I don't think too many of them are anymore. It's it's a shame. But uh. I don't know. We've watched WEEKEND AT BERNIE'S any number of times. <SEP> I know. It's just slapstick comedy. Oh no. Oh. Sit there and laugh. And my one grandson and I. My wife can't understand it. But we like BILL AND TED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE which is another funny one. <SEP> Oh gosh. Yeah. We've heard about that one. But we haven't seen that one either. So well it sounds like you and your grandson like the same kinds of movies. Yeah. We like to laugh. <SEP> Oh God. I I have a theory. I like movies for entertainment. I don't want to uh go away depressed from watching a movie. Right. <SEP> Right. Right. I agree. I agree. Life's depressing enough. <SEP> That's for sure. Well I've certainly enjoyed talking with you. Well you too Jim. Okay. Bye. <SEP> Thanks for punching in. And uh. Have a nice weekend. I hope you see a good movie soon. Okay. <SEP> Okay. Bye. Bye-bye.
sw3097.txt:Hi Pat. Hi. One of the interesting things that I have considered about the role change for women is that women of my age my generation were trained and taught and brought up to be the LEAVE IT TO BEAVER housewives. Uh-huh. <SEP> But we are not living in that world. We are certainly not. Our families have changed. Uh-huh. Families. Uh-huh. Society has changed. <SEP> Oh yeah. Sure. Everything has changed. Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. That's one of the. And it makes you really concerned. I am glad I raised guys. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know let the world train them what to do. But characteristically you know the women are trained or have been in the past trained in the home. Uh-huh. And I really would be at a loss to to raise and train a girl. I think I would. Yeah. It's. Well even even raising boys today is different though because they are expected to do so much more than they used to. <SEP> Oh sure. Uh-huh. You know used to be they would just go off to work and come home. And you know everything was done. And it it's a different world. It's some good some bad uh. <SEP> Oh sure. Uh-huh. It's nice that there's a choice. <SEP> I I have chosen to stay at home and raise my children. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I have a ten year old and a twelve year old. Uh-huh. And I was a single parent for awhile and worked. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that was great. I was able to and I was able to provide for my children. And and you know that was wonderful. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I I thank God everyday now that I have that choice. And that I am able to do things at home. Sure. And and uh I volunteer a whole lot. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh that's my job right now. Uh-huh. And I I love it. <SEP> Oh yeah. I really love it. I did very much the same thing until my boys got into high school and said Mom please do not be involved. Right. Right. <SEP> Then I went back to work. Right. And that will come. Yeah. I know that day will come. <SEP> Sure. And I am looking forward to that too. Right. But that's a different phase in my life. <SEP> Right. And I am I am glad that I am able to do what I want to do right now. Well you know there's a lot of things that have happened actually. And and it's it's like the it's like oil on top of water. It changes. But it's never different in a lot of ways. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh women at one time did very heavy physical labor and were expected to maintain a household. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Then as times changed uh as it is today we do not do a lot of physical labor even in hous- even in housekeeping and homemaking. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Right. <SEP> There's not a lot of physical labor because there are. Right. You are not beating rugs. <SEP> Uh-huh. You are not right doing laundry by hand and that kind of thing. Right. <SEP> And in that respect we have to make ourselves become involved in physical exertion. Uh-huh. Or we really do develop some health problems. Uh-huh. <SEP> So in in that in that respect I am not so sure that the hard work of years past was not better for us than we are willing to admit. Yeah. Yeah. And uh. But don't you think it's that way with men too? I mean you know men are sitting behind desks a whole lot more than they used to. <SEP> Oh absolutely true. It's that's true with society in general. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But specifically the woman's role in society has changed. Uh-huh. And you know medical reports tell us that women are developing diseases now that used to be predominately male diseases. Right. Right. <SEP> Heart disease was characteristic of men. Right. Now there's almost equally predominant in women. Right. <SEP> And I. And stress disorders and things like that. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Right. And I think that that's a that's a symptom of our society. It's a symptom that there's there's a general illness that needs to be healed. Uh-huh. <SEP> I do not know what the healing process would be or what was causing the problem. I am not I am not God. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But I I do know that in raising my boys I really did meet a lot of pressures saying you know you need to get them into music lessons. You need to get them into sports. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You need to get them into this. They need to be busy. And they need to be active. And I fought all of those things. I said if those boys want to be involved in that they will come to me. And they will say Mom this is important to me. I want to do it. Right. Right. <SEP> Otherwise I will guard their ability to have quiet time. You know it's funny. I refused to cram their lives full. Yeah. Yeah. It's funny. It's funny. I was rea- I was really looking forward to summer thinking oh we are going to have some time off. <SEP> And that's the way it is with a woman too. Uh-huh. And it's been real busy. And actually today is really the first as far as I am concerned the first day of summer. Because we have had so much going on the past few weeks. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And uh you are right. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh well that's how society has changed uh you know uh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. The family has changed. We you know we find ourselves doing things that we never did as kids. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know I do not remember being involved in things like this. <SEP> Well. Uh-huh. It's it's different. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's just. I do not know. Only time will tell whether it's better or worse than the way we grew up. Uh-huh. But uh it's it's just very different. <SEP> Of course. Uh-huh. Um. <SEP> Well I just am very much a believer in quiet personal time. If you do not have the time to talk to yourself who are you going to talk to. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I guarded my children's rights for that. And I think that that's one of the things that women are sacrificing that they should not do. Uh-huh. <SEP> They are sacrificing their time with themselves. There's nothing wrong with sitting and being bored if you thinking internally and you are working on your own self. Right. <SEP> Right. Right. <SEP> You are finding out who you are. But is not that difficult to do when you are working full time and have to come home and prepare a meal and get homework done. Well I think. And you know where do you find the time. <SEP> Um. Well in the first place it's not your homework. It's your children's homework. Uh-huh. And I was always very careful to be there only when they came to me and asked me for help. Uh-huh. <SEP> I helped them with exactly what they asked for. And that's all. Yeah. That's a part of the problem that women have always had. And that is accepting responsibility for things that really are other people's responsibilities. That's very true. <SEP> They They. And then that way we have not changed in hundreds of years have we. <SEP> That's right. Yeah. That way husbands are crippled. Yeah. <SEP> They are intellectual cripples. Uh-huh. And so are children. Uh-huh. <SEP> They do not know how to think for themselves and be responsible for themselves. Uh-huh. I do not know why God made women brilliant. I. Didn't he though. <SEP> Yes. But I do not know. They tend to look at the mother as the one who solves all problems. They are all things to all people. That's very true. And that's never changed. That's that's very true. I as a matter of fact I was talking to a friend yesterday who said she has a new policy in her home. And when her her family comes to her and says fix this you know. I am having a problem with you know another member of the family. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. She said I have taken a new stance. And I say no. I will not. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know you work it out for yourself. Uh-huh. And she said it's amazing she said you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Every single person in this family expects me to get. And they dra- suck me into these arguments and these conversations. That's right. And I ha- I am supposed to be the one who is going to fix it all and and soothe everybody. And she said I am not doing it anymore. I I just. <SEP> You know I think that's one of the things that we have today that is very useful. And I think every woman ought to deal with it or ought to at least be exposed to it. And that is mediation training. Um uh-huh. Uh we are not talking about strikes or things. We are talking about mediators who get involved in family crises parents and children husbands and wives uh you know boss and employee. Those kinds of things. Interpersonal mediation. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Because the mediator is an unbiased bystander who.
sw2479.txt:Okay. Do you have. Are you there? Yeah. <SEP> Okay. There okay. Okay. Had to mess with my phone here. Um do you have children? <SEP> Yes. I have one. Oh okay. How about you? I have three. <SEP> Oh my goodness. Yeah. Yeah. Uh do you work? Yeah. I do. Okay. <SEP> I do. I work. And and uh Brian's in a day care center. He's uh he was two in December. Oh. So he's not quite two and a half yet. Uh-huh. <SEP> He. Uh I put him. I'm kind of had different different ideas from what probably the majority of people have. Uh-huh. I put him in a day care center from the very beginning. He started in day care when he was eight weeks old. Oh no kidding. <SEP> And I just. I don't know. I have kind of the opposite opinion of most people. Really. I have had this real problem with a a private individual. I mean I I kind of looked at it like if you take him to a home with a with private individual when the door shuts that one person has total control. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And I always figured at least in a day care center there are other people around. Yeah. <SEP> And if you get one bad apple there's are at least other people that can see it. Yeah. They can watch. And I just kind of always felt that the chances of something happening were less. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because there's. You know how can you help depending on the day care center you know. Yeah. <SEP> You got to when you hear about all the horrible things that happen in day care centers. Have you ever noticed they're always like a family owned center where the mother and the daughter and the son run it you know kind of thing. It's like a family thing. Yeah. Yeah. You never hear about it really in the big ones. Yeah. <SEP> So that's what I did. And I have had just excellent luck. Oh good. I have been just so happy. He's. Oh good. I was just going to ask you how it you know if you liked the the. But obviously you do or you wouldn't have him there I know. But. <SEP> Right. Right. Well he was in he was in the same center for two years for the first two years. Uh-huh. And uh it was wonderful. And I loved it. And I was so happy there. And the woman who owned it sold it. Oh gosh. <SEP> But I thought okay I'm going to keep an open mind here. Right. And the people who came in it just wasn't it just wasn't the same. Wasn't the same. <SEP> And their their attitude and philosophy was just completely opposite from mine. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I left him there for about a month and just decided I can't do this anymore. And I moved him which was an extremely traumatic experience. Yeah. But. But he's done well. Was it? Yeah. <SEP> He's been there a couple of months now. Good. And I just feel so lucky. Oh good. <SEP> Yeah. That's great. That's good. How about you? Do you work. Or do you get to stay home with them? Well I got to stay home with my kids for the first ten years. My oldest one is ten and a half now or she's I guess. <SEP> Wonderful. Yeah. It's. Was about ten years. So I yeah I I was really happy that I was able to do that. But I. That's what I wanted to because I uh you know I just couldn't wait to have kids. And so if I was. I was so anxious to have them. And I couldn't wait to have them it would be kind of silly you know to go back to work as soon as I had them. So. Right. Right. So it it it it was really great. By the end of the ten years I was really ready to go back to work. <SEP> Yeah. I bet. And my youngest was only uh two and a half. Uh-huh. I mean she was already two and a half. <SEP> Uh-huh. So it wasn't you know she wasn't an infant. A baby. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I felt real good about that. But uh boy I tell you with summer coming up I'm just pulling my hair out in terms of what I'm going to do. I I guess I went back to work about a year and a half ago. And uh I worked full time all last year. And now I'm going to school part time and uh graduate school. And I'm working part time. And so I'm still. <SEP> I know how that goes. Yeah. I'm still going full time. But I only have half time salary. Yeah. And uh when school lets out I just don't I haven't I have no idea what I'm going to do because I certainly can't afford what we did last year which was. <SEP> <SEP> Right. Right. Did you have them in a center or something last summer? Well we did. We tried we had all different things. We sent them to camp. One. First month in June they went to summer school then the second month they. Uh one. My daughter went home to visit my Mom for a while and my son uh went to camp. And there we had uh I don't know some. Forget what else we did. But it was all uh really expensive. <SEP> Yeah. That stuff is expensive. It really is. So now they're a year older. And I. My daughter's eleven going to be eleven this summer. And my son will be nine and a half. <SEP> And so I'm not. I think I can leave them home. <SEP> For a. If I can work part of the day you know I'm going to leave them home. Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say they're getting to the age where you should be able to trust that a little bit. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yes. In fact I'm doing that right now with their afternoons when they get home before I do. You know. That's okay. But the four year old now I hav- I have had her since I went back to work or before I went back to work really in a home day care situation. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh we've just been really thrilled with it too. We were what. Actually we. It took us two or three different people to find. <SEP> To find the right one. Yeah. That's what we have to do though. Right. But I wasn't embarrassed to shop around you know. <SEP> No. So the the person we found it through the. There's an association here in town of professional home care providers or something like that. <SEP> Where do where do you live? In Plano. Plano? Yeah. And they have a number you can call. And all these people are registered with their association. And you know go like our our uh. I don't want to call her a baby-sitter. She's doesn't like to be called that. <SEP> Care provider. Care provider. Right. She goes to seminars. And uh. <SEP> Oh that's wonderful. She gets home visitations by the s- I don't know the state boards I guess some of them and then some by the association. And they have weekly meetings and everything. And so it's just really really well regulated. That's great. And she's just great. In fact uh she's all upset because Galen is going to go to kindergarten next fall. And she says this is it. You know I'm not going to have her anymore. And I said Oh no don't count on that. <SEP> After noon classes she's going to be here because she's going to morning kindergarten. Right. Right. So but we we've tried we've tried everything. And one year I guess last year when I went back to work I had. My son was eight at the time just barely eight. And uh we put him in Amrein's Day Care after. After. <SEP> Uh-huh. I've heard that they were very good. Well that's why we picked it because they were were supposed to be real great. And you know I think they were fine. But the thing is he was in school all day in second grade. <SEP> Uh-huh. In in Plano it's open classroom situation where they don't have walls. Uh-huh. So there is like a hundred and twenty second graders in the same area with no walls. <SEP> Oh. And uh and then he'd get on the Amrein's Bus to go to Amrein's. And then there would be a whole ton of other kids all in the same room you know. Yeah. You know what fun they had with these computer games. And then they'd go outside for awhile. They had snacks and story time and everything. But it was just like going to school until five thirty at night instead of being able to get home at two thirty. <SEP> Poor kid was in school all day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because he was always around with a crowd of kids and he just really missed being able to be by himself and having some peace and quiet. <SEP> Uh-huh. Or you know. Uh-huh. Even at that age they need that time. Yes. <SEP> We all need that time just some quiet time to wind down from the day. Yeah. Right. That's exactly it. So another thing that we tried to do. I I know your son's too young right now. But we're trying we tried to sign him up for after school scouts and stuff like that. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And. I think that's really important. Yeah. <SEP> And we've already started about. You know I mean how young can they start T-Ball and soccer? Right. You know I mean I just. You know we both think of that that as just so important to get him involved in stuff like that. It is. <SEP> And you could hardly wait. It is. And. I mean he's he's so much fun now. Yeah. <SEP> He's really he's really starting to get lots of fun. And I can't wait until stuff like that starts happening. I bet. Yeah. You know and you know we did the Easter egg hunts which was really the first year he was really able to. Uh-huh. <SEP> Un- understand. And to know what we wan- know what he was doing you know and enjoy it. Yeah. <SEP> And it was so much fun. And gosh he went a couple of weekends ago and rode an elephant. And God he got up on this elephant all by himself. Oh my gosh. You're kidding. And Lord I couldn't believe it. You're kidding. <SEP> They had so much fun. Oh that's great. I bought us tickets and stood there in line. And I thought I'm going to end up on this elephant with him you know. <SEP> He did it by himself. Well good for him. So stuff like that is starting to come along where it's really getting fun you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Day care has just done just incredible stuff with him. And he like comes home with something new everyday you know. And so I know I know they're working with him. Well that's great. That's so good. And he's excited to get there in the morning and just doesn't even want to kiss me good-bye. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's just like bye. And he goes running you know. He's out of there. And he's always having fun when I pick him up. So you know. Yeah. This this day care is is. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's Bright Steps in Lewisville. And. Uh-huh. Whenever you say Bright Steps everybody goes oh I've heard that's the best day care in town you know. Yeah? Good. <SEP> And it's it's one of those that's very hard to get into. Uh-huh. And they have this this this woman owns three day cares two in Lewisville and one in Irving. Uh-huh. <SEP> And she had to open the second one up in Lewisville because her waiting list was just like you know like a year old. Uh-huh. It was ridiculous. Oh my gosh. <SEP> And she's got two day cares within like three blocks of each other. No kidding. Yes. So it's. She knows something right that she. And. <SEP> She knows what she's doing. All the teachers like about half the teachers are degreed teachers. Yeah. That makes such a difference. Oh it makes a huge difference. That's the way it is at my daughter's nursery school too. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I think that really makes a difference. Yeah. They're in it because it's a profession not because it's a job they could get because they didn't qualify for anything else you know. <SEP> That's right. That's right. That's right. And his old day care as much as I loved it you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And the owner I really liked her. And she worked really hard to get good people. But the people that she got were there because they weren't qualified to do anything else you know. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. And and I got lucky. And all of his teachers were very good. Because because. <SEP> Right. Some sometimes that's fine. That's great you know. Yeah. But then sometimes you know. Sometimes it isn't. You just have to. <SEP> Yeah. Well is it real expensive then? Um it just went up the first of this month. I'm paying uh seventy nine dollars a week for now. Uh-huh. <SEP> So. Wow. It's a little high. Yeah. <SEP> But but it's you know it's like where he was before I was only paying sixty three. So there's quite a little jump there. Right. Right. But I looked all over Lewisville. I looked in every day care there was in Lewisville. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you know and there were places that were cheaper. Uh-huh. But is it. No. <SEP> You know your peace of mind is worth a little bit of money you know. Yeah. And I have peace of mind where he is. <SEP> Uh-huh. And some of those other places I wouldn't have. That's exactly it. See we do the same thing. Since Galen goes to nursery school we pay our our home care provider for our day care provider full time for a whole week. <SEP> But she she's gone three mornings. Galen just doesn't go there three mornings a week. Yeah. Yeah. But I said to her I said you know it doesn't matter if for whatever re-. When school holidays come around I used to have such a problem with that. <SEP> Uh-huh. They wouldn't have anything to do. I'd either have to.
sw2266.txt:All Right. Ladies first. Oh no. Well I don't find a lot of time to watch T V. And a lot of time I find it during the day when when I'm rocking my little girl to sleep. So I watch a lot of reruns old shows Like DICK VAN DYKE all those old crazy shows. <SEP> Barney Fife I guess. Yeah. I really enjoy watching ANDY GRIFFITH. Well some-. So you're a homemaker? <SEP> Yeah. I guess that's the right term nowadays. Yeah. I guess so. Yeah. I am. I stay home with two kids. Yeah. My wife. We have a new one in the house. And she stays home too also. <SEP> Huh-uh. Um I guess I have a wide variety. I like watching the T V for things that are interesting. Not so much the bor- things that aren't. For example like the COSBY SHOW to me is just kind of like a waste of my time and DIFFERENT STROKES. Huh-uh. But I like SIXTY MINUTES PRIME TIME LIVE. <SEP> Huh-uh. Of course I have to watch cartoons on Saturday morning but not the NINJA TURTLES. I like the old-timey ones TOM AND JERRY. <SEP> Yeah. You sound like my husband. There you go. He likes TOM AND JERRY and uh BUGS BUNNY AND ALL HIS FRIENDS. And all those guys. Right. <SEP> JOHNNIE QUEST. The good ones. Yeah. Um now if I'm ever home during the during the day on a vacation day I have to catch at twelve o'clock the ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW because I usually because he's just he's one of my idles. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And then uh but I don't know. It seems like nowadays everything is so electronic you know magnified and animated that you can grab from the old style movies and old style shows a little bit more insight to family groupings. <SEP> Huh-uh. Huh-uh. And so uh now I do with the COSBY SHOW. I have seen it a couple of times. And I do. I like the show. I just don't watch it. Because of the timing. <SEP> Yeah. But uh some of the crap that's on T V nowadays it's about. Yeah. I do watch the special shows that they come out with the NOVA stuff. And and the nature shows. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I think there's enough out there to pick from. I'm not. We don't have cable to the point of of the H B O or any of that stuff. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. But uh. Well I find myself watching just a whole lot of whatever is geared for children. Because with two kids. Huh-uh. <SEP> And you know I don't want them watching something that I don't think they should watch. Or I used to be really hooked on ALL MY CHILDREN. Sure. Oh me. <SEP> And I watched that for like oh ten or fifteen straight years. Oh no. And then I had well you know I'd eat. Like at work we'd have a T V or whatever. And then um as my kids got older and started you know recognizing what was going on I thought this isn't really very good. <SEP> So I gave it up. Ouch. Fifteen years. Yeah. Bet they hated that. <SEP> I watched I had watched it since it started. So. Oh goodness. Uh now I I don't know who the characters are. And um I'll turn it on every once in awhile. And I don't recognize anybody. So I guess that's a good sign. Yeah. Really. I used to watch uh. I can recall. This might age me date me here uh. I can remember staying home when I was five and six and my mother watching the EDGE OF NIGHT. <SEP> Huh-uh. Oh yeah. Well see you're probably about the same age as me because my mom watched the SECRET STORM and the EDGE OF NIGHT. SECRET STORM. <SEP> Well I think they were back to back and black and white. Huh-uh. <SEP> Huh-uh. I was just a youngster. And I was like oh my gosh. Yeah. We used to. My mother watched all that stuff too. And AS THE WORLD TURNS. I think AS THE WORLD TURNS may still on or not. Still be on. <SEP> It was not too long ago. Yeah. Now they got a lot of other crap involved. And so. Yeah. You're right. I think some of the tones of the the daily prime time is questionable. <SEP> Yeah. And that could be uh. I have to agree with you. Yeah. You know keep them on the channel eleven channel twenty one. The nature stuff you know. <SEP> Right. Yeah. We do. And it's real interesting too the difference in my kids. Like um my oldest loved SESAME STREET And those kind of shows. Huh-uh. <SEP> My younger one doesn't. She's more into WALT DISNEY kind you know. We watch a lot of movies that we've got on V C on tapes and stuff. Huh-uh. She's more into the animated stuff where my other daughter liked puppets and that kind of thing. So But um we do a lot of kid watching. Huh-uh. <SEP> Well sounds like you got your hands full there. And I do appreciate speaking with you. Sure. It was fun. Have you gotten your catalog yet? <SEP> No. I don't think so. Yeah. I just spoke with Jim. I just got my in the mail. And it inspired me to make more phone calls. Oh well see I don't really. I've had a few people call me. But I've never made one. Oh really. <SEP> Yeah. I need to get brave. Yeah. Give them your pen number. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I need to do. Have a good day. <SEP> Thanks. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2913.txt:Okay. Well what movies do you like? Gosh. I like just about anything. We I think the last one we saw was uh TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES PART TWO. Oh now I lo- I like the turtles. My little boy's four. And he loves them. <SEP> Well we don't have any kids. But we like them anyway. Oh that's okay. How old are you all? Um we're late twenties. Oh and you just don't have any yet. Okay. <SEP> No. Well I've got two. Oh gosh. Yeah. My little girl is three months old. And my little boy just turned four. I had his birthday party yesterday. <SEP> Oh. But he's a turtle fanatic. He even had turtle cake yesterday. But I've been wanting to see TURTLE TWO. Is it as good as they say it is? <SEP> It was. It was actually better than the first one I thought. Good. What's the last movie you saw? GHOST. <SEP> Oh. We were just when when the topic came up we I was asking my husband right quick what's the last movies we saw. He said well GHOST and TURTLES. I really liked it. Now GHOST. Yeah. I love tearjerker movies. But that wasn't too bad on tearjerker. But It was oh it was good movie. Not too awful bad. Though I can see why it won so many Oscars. <SEP> Yeah. Because that was just so good. And I like Demi Moore. Did you see PRETTY WOMAN? No. But I've been hearing a lot about it. I don- we don't get to the video store very often. And we don't have cable. <SEP> Oh gosh. Well we don't really want cable. It's just you know glued to the T V all the time anyway. Yeah. So we get two channels down here. I'm from Kentucky originally. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we used to get five channels without cable. Yeah. You know forty. Well I don't think you all have the same channels. But here in Texas we only get two channels. And that's um. Do you watch soap operas? <SEP> Uh once in a while when I'm home. Okay. You work then? Yeah. Okay. Well we get the channel with YOUNG AND THE RESTLESS on it. <SEP> Okay. And then uh I think GENERAL HOSPITAL. And that comes on different channel. Yeah. It does. But that's all we get. And that's no cartoons for my little boy. But we've got a V C R and a lot of tapes. <SEP> Yeah. And uh my husband is a movie fanatic. I think you would really like PRETTY WOMAN. It was it was really a. It made you feel really good. It was just a happy movie. Oh what about TOTAL RECALL. Have you seen that. <SEP> Yeah. I saw that one. That's good. I I was disappointed in it just because of how violent it was. Yeah. It was violent. I try to get away from that. My little boy oh he loves ROBO COP. And that movie I have to I'll fast forward it every time they come to the part where there is. Have you seen it? <SEP> Yeah. The part where they're shooting mercy. I don't like that. That oh that's horrible. That is horrible. And their their the language on that's filthy. <SEP> I don't see why they have to do that. I mean I mean n- everybody knows that it that the the language is there so they could just ignore it and you know use different words instead I think. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I know. But I I think lately PRETTY WOMAN'S been my favorite. I went and bought the video. I've probably seen it about fifteen or twenty times. Um my husband bought me like um uh I think PRETTY IN PINK for my birthday. With a. Wait a second. I will in a minute Kyle. Sorry. <SEP> That's okay. Uh he bought me PRETTY IN PINK. Just a second. Sorry. Now you're glad you ain't got a four year old. That's okay. Now Now I haven't seen PRETTY IN PINK. It this is the first time he's interrupted my phone calls. <SEP> That had um does that have Molly Ringwald? Molly Ringwald. Yeah. It was cute. But it wasn't. I like the um SIXTEEN CANDLES or sixteenth birthday or. <SEP> I think I think SIXTEEN CANDLES was the name of it. Yeah. Oh that was so good. Of course I was a teenager when I seen that. And I loved it. I haven't seen it either. Oh well if you like love stories it's sweet. <SEP> I do. Oh it's sweet. It really is. And that's a tearjerker. It gets you. I mean it makes you feel really sorry for her. Oh gosh. But it's hilarious too especially with that uh little guy in it. Oh he looks like little I don't know he looks like a little boy next door. <SEP> Oh. But he's sixteen. Oh it's a cute movie. I can't remember his name. He kind of looks like DOOGIE HOWSER. Huh I don't know. Don't know either. <SEP> Bu-. He's got curly blonde hair. He just a little freckly little boy. Probably know him if I saw him. Yeah. If I could remember the name I know you'd know his name because he's played in a few movies. But uh. <SEP> I was just thinking another good one I saw not too long ago was um SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY. Okay. I've heard about that. But I can't remember it. That that's that's Julia Roberts' new movie. Okay. Yeah. Julia Roberts is good. <SEP> Yeah. She's. This one. You know PRETTY WOMAN was kind of a light comedy and a romance. Uh-huh. And and this one was a lot more dramatic. Wasn't it a murder mystery? <SEP> Y- well. Like sort of. It was like uh it was a it was a mystery. She disappeared from her hu- uh husband who was abusing her. Oh okay. The yeah that's the one I wanted to see where he was on she was on a carnival at a carnival on a Ferris wheel or something. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well did that come on T V. Or did it come out in the. No. It came out in the theater. Oh. <SEP> And I think you know around here it's all ready quit playing. But I don't I don't know if it's still playing any where else. Well I I think. But it was it was it was one of those that kept you on the edge of your seat. Real good. <SEP> I want to see that. Yeah. I seen the uh previews for it on T V down here. But it's just been down here a couple weeks I think. Oh okay. Yeah. <SEP> Because we saw it probably four or five months ago. A month a-. Well I know it hasn't been that long since I've seen the previews for it. But yeah. I wanted to see it. Her husband was a dark haired guy with a beard and moustache. Or a-. No. He shaved the beard off. <SEP> Yeah. He's uh he was a real psycho in the movie. Yeah. It was it was scary. Oh I'd like to see that. What about oh. There was a. We got one back here a while. I want to see WAR OF THE ROSES too. Have you seen that? <SEP> Oh yeah. Boy I I didn't like it. You didn't? No. It was. I didn't like the way it ended. I know. Well the only reason I know why it ended is on ARSENIO HALL one night Christopher Reeves told that you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. I can't believe they killed them. Or or who was it. Christopher Reeve or Mike Douglas. <SEP> Might have been Michael Douglas. Oh that starred in it. Yeah. Yeah. It was Michael Douglas. Christopher Reeve wasn't in it at all? <SEP> Huh-uh. Okay. Well Arsenio Hall is the one that jumped up and said that I can't believe they killed them. And Christopher Reeve or Mike Douglas went after his throat you dummy. So I know that they die. But I haven't told my husband. We've both been wanting to see it. <SEP> It was I I it was it was weird. It was a different movie from anything I've ever seen. Well we was uh teasing about you know splitting our house down the middle. Yeah. They did that didn't they. And they marked off routes that they could go or something. <SEP> Yeah. That would be kind of hard for us. We've only got one bathroom. I don't know h-. We've got two bathrooms. But well i- mi-. Actually if he takes. My house kind of looks like two trailers put together. And one bathroom is at the end of one side. And one's in the middle of the other. So we could do it. <SEP> That wouldn't be too bad. No. And he could climb out the window. Wh-. And we our whole house has you know. Every room leads to three rooms. So we can you know. <SEP> Get around. Yeah. You can get around. You just can't go out the front door honey. Sorry. Well did you see FATAL ATTRACTION? Yeah. That's coming back on too. <SEP> I know it's going to be on on the on C B S Tuesday night. An and that's kind of what in a way you know how it kind of bothered you the way it ended and stuff. Uh-huh. That's kind of how WAR OF THE ROSES was. Huh I. <SEP> Parts of parts of WAR OF THE ROSES was funny. But then other times it was like it was just deadly serious. And it just left you with this kind of uneasy feeling you know. Eerie feeling. Or I want to see it though. I'd like to see that and uh THE NEVER ENDING STORY came out on Disney this month I think. I I've heard about that. I wanted to see that. <SEP> But I don't know what it's about. THE NEVER ENDING STORY? Yeah. It's a child's movie. But oh it's good. I enjoyed it. <SEP> I love Disney movies. Yeah. I do too. And Yeah. I mean they're some of the best of that are made. Yeah. And uh well it's about this little boy who uh. I think he's up in a attic or some part of school. He got locked in the school. And he got scared. But he starts dreaming. And then uh he's saving the land of uh oh. It's been so long since I've seen it. <SEP> All I know alls I can really remember is him flying this great big dog this great big huge sheep dog sort of looking thing. Oh go-. It flies through the air. And he's trying to save the land from some ooze. <SEP> But it's really good. I mean it sounds ki-. It it had uh Fred Savage in it. No. No. No. No. No. Did you see that movie with Fred Savage in it though. I don't think so. With uh oh. He had uh uh. Oh it was THE PRINCESS BRIDE. <SEP> Nope. I didn't see that. You didn't see that. That was cute. That was real that was a good one. I I like I like slapstick comedy. So do I. And a lot of times we'll go to rent a movie or something. And and you're not sure whether it will be any good or not. So sometimes we stick with the stuff we've heard more about than. Yeah. Well I heard. A friend of mine told me she got NAKED GUN last night. And she said that was hilarious. <SEP> Yeah. Now we saw that. And i- and they're coming out with a sequel to it. Two and a half. It was funny. It wa-. Yeah. I want to see that. She said she rented it last night. And said it was real good. An. <SEP> And and WORKING GIRL is really good. Now I seen that. That was good. Was that with that blonde. She pretended to be the boss or something. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I rented that one night by myself. I was home alone. Did you see HOME ALONE? Yes. I did. That that just reminded me of that. Did you like it?
sw2399.txt:Okay um. Let's see. How do you feel about credit cards? Personally I do not care for them. Uh although I find them a necessity in business and so forth. I I try to refrain from their use as much as possible. Um for a number of reasons one of which is the you know extreme interest rate on most of them. Uh-huh. <SEP> The one I use uh of course for mostly only for business purposes is uh you know American Express. Right. And uh I'm not I'm not terribly in favor of them. Not for my own personal uh point of view. Right. <SEP> Plus it uh has you know from an economic point of view it has increased our debt tremendously to the tune of somewhere on the order of five to ten billion I believe. Yeah. Right. <SEP> Wow. Uh at least that's one number for this range of numbers I have I have heard. Right. <SEP> Do you use them frequently. Or. Well we uh me and my wife when when we have like extra money that we know we're going to have and we can put it in our budget yeah we'll we'll use it. But like last year I think we paid. I think it was like twenty something cents interest on our Visa. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I think this this year we uh I think we used it for Christmas. And we got caught just a few days on our grace period. And uh so we'll pay a little interest this year but maybe two dollars. But we don't like to do that at all. Yes. And you know we I think we feel about the same way you do real strongly. We uh we have several credit cards though. We have a gas card our Visa and then of course the American Express. And I think we have a couple of department stores. <SEP> Uh-huh. But we use it the same way. And uh. I find the one I use mostly uh. Aside from the American Express I do use my Sears card. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh I try a- as with the American Express I try to pay it you know as it comes in. Right. Right. So uh. It's it's not uncommon for us to have paid it before we even get the bill. That's usually how we do it. <SEP> I know when I travel or when I used to travel overseas quite a bit what I would do on my American Express card is before I would before I left I would mail a check to to American Express and you know have some idea of how much was there you know I'd sent them you know several hundred dollars or whatever I felt I would spend. And then use it then. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But uh for hotels and and so forth. But uh but I knew that it was paid. I knew I knew that I had that much credit going in. Right. Yeah. <SEP> Sometimes you know sometimes I would go over. But it wouldn't you know it wouldn't hit me in a big in a big way because I knew that uh I would have it covered in that respect. Right. Right. That's good. I've I don't think we've gone that far to pay it in ad- you know in advance before we spend it. <SEP> But I guess if you foresaw that you were going to have to use it that like that that may be good. Well I found I found in um in traveling overseas that uh often it would uh it would expedite things to have an American Express credit card for hotel bills and so forth. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh really. <SEP> Yeah. Plus I would uh when they uh would send the bill they would automatically convert to the exchange rate. Right. Right. <SEP> So now the only time that got to be a problem was if the exchange rate changed drastically. Uh-huh. Uh for example I remember on one trip to France when I started planning the trip I think uh a dollar was worth nine or ten. Francs and just in a matter of a week or two the dollar fell against the franc drastically. Uh-huh. <SEP> And whe- when I finally got over there it had fallen uh two or three francs to the dollar. So the. Wow. So I got caught a little short in that regard. Wow. <SEP> But uh uh I I was anticipating you know my room would cost uh let's say. Yeah. If it were say sixty or seventy francs a night that would mean it would be about ten dollars or so or maybe twenty dolls-. Right. <SEP> Maybe it would be more than that. It was more than. It would average out to thirty-five or forty dollars a night which is a reasonable rate. Right. Right. <SEP> But then when I got back and I was working for the government at the time. Uh-huh. Of course the government was several months behind in their on its per diem for exchange rate. Right. Yeah. <SEP> Right. So there's a little consternation you know in trying to get them to compensate for the difference in the exchange rate. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Yeah. Especially. That was the only time I really got caught short. And I But as I said most most of all I try not to use them uh to any you know lavishly in that regard. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well tha- that's good. Well from where are you calling? Oh from the Dallas area. <SEP> So you're from Dal-. Okay. I'm from Maryland. Oh really. Yeah. Wow. Do you work for T I? <SEP> No. I work for G T E. Well really. Yes. Um. I wonder how T I got G T E involved. <SEP> Well I know Jack Godfrey. Oh okay. I know him very well. I've known Jack for a long time. And I'm also in the speech business. Oh okay. <SEP> So when I heard that Jack was going to do this I called him and asked for an application where I could participate in this. Yeah. Yeah. And so that's how I got involved. Yeah. You have a very um very. What's the word. Your your speech is very exact. <SEP> Oh. Thank you very much. But as Jack said I'm one of the the old hands in the speech business. Oh really. Yeah. Uh. Yes. I I've been doing it for twenty some odd years. Wow. <SEP> And so uh I was very much interested uh in getting involved in uh switchboard. Yeah. So uh you work for T I? Right. I work in. <SEP> Oh really? Yeah. I guess we're supposed to do this part of it before we started the recording. Yeah. I think we talked for a good eight minutes about the subject. So I think you get ten. So I think we're okay. <SEP> Alright. Okay. Fine. Well you have a good evening. Well you too. It's been pleasant talking to you. Same here. <SEP> Take care. Good night. Bye.
sw2053.txt:Um what kind of hobbies do you have? Um I do a lot of cross-stitching and painting when I do have spare time. Really. I like cross-stitch too. <SEP> Oh I love it. I just have a hard time finding any spare time lately. That's my case also. I've got a new born. And there's just no time. Uh-huh. <SEP> Have you been cross-stitching long? Oh several years. My husband is even interested in it now. He likes to help me design um you know projects that are a little more customized. Oh really. <SEP> Mine sort of he looks at the pattern. And he says how do you get that from there to the material. Not that hard. Oh it's not. I really enjoy it. <SEP> And once you get started on it it's just oh I just I love it. Uh-huh. I do a lot of my own patterns also. Yeah. <SEP> In fact I did one BILL THE CAT you know from Glenn County that uh was a real good one to do. Oh yeah. It was tough. But uh yeah. Do you have any others. Or is this mainly cross-stitching? Um I do mostly that um. Not very artistic really for like painting and stuff. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. Um Yeah. But now I don't know. I'm still trying to get all the D M C colors. Oh really. Yeah. I've got the kits to put them all in. I don't have them all yet certainly. <SEP> Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I got to counting the other day. And uh I think I have what was it two hundred. And I got to thinking the money that I've got invested in this is uh. It yeah it can add up quick. Oh yeah. I just I just keep an inventory of what I currently have. And then when I start a new project I go through and see if I if I you know. Just buy the colors that I need of what I'm low on. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. I see. Well now can I improvise with adding and using another color instead you know what comes close. Because a lot of them are similar. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. A lot of times you can do that. I think I. The pinks there's like forty-two different shades of pink. Good grief. Yeah. There's lots of pinks and greens. Pinks and greens. Yeah. <SEP> There's lots of shades of greens. But the colors. I just love all the different colors. Yeah. They had quite a few new ones come out last year that they added to. But you don't have much spare time either? Well not lately. I just started a new job and trying to get acclimated there. <SEP> Oh yes. And that does take some time. And if we're trying to get acclimated with the uh with having a baby. And. Yeah. How old? He's seven months old. Oh yeah. <SEP> And just into everything. So there's not a spare moment. Oh but I wouldn't trade it for the world. I've been trying to do some bibs for him. And uh work on his Christmas stocking. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. We missed it last year. So hopefully this year he'll have one. Yeah. Well last year he was a little bit young for having one. <SEP> Right. He wouldn't have enjoyed it anyway. You would have. But. <SEP> Right. If it tasted good yeah. All he liked was the lights this year. So. Oh yeah. Oh well that's neat that you like cross-stitching also. Yeah. That's that's kind of strange that we got the same call. <SEP> Yeah. It's a call. Oh I'm sorry. Go ahead. No. That's okay. <SEP> Okay uh. But yeah. I've been doing it for probably ten years or so. Oh wow. No. I just started about well five years ago I think. But it is peaceful. I mean it is relaxing to do once you find the time to do it. Uh-huh. There's also a couple of large projects baby afghans. And I got one done. And I think the other one is going. The child is going to be in high school before I get finished. <SEP> On that uh. Bear thing. Is it one of those afghans that I've seen in the packages with the with the large squares? Well yeah. I just I bought the cloth and the pattern for it. I didn't um I didn't buy the uh I didn't buy a kit. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. Well I've seen the afghans in the stores that are designed for cross-stitching. Uh-huh. It's that cloth. Oh okay. It's an- cloth I think. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it has the borders and everything already. Yeah. Those are pretty. Number one turned out just great. And the lady said she couldn't believe that they know that I had done it in the colors that they had decorated the nursery. And I didn't even know it. <SEP> Oh that's a. I gave it to her. And she said how did you know those are the colors we used. I said didn't. That was a good. It worked out that way. <SEP> That's great. Uh that uh. Now I've got the material to do an afghan that I just never did get around to finishing it. Uh-huh. I like those. Those are pretty. Yeah. Lilly Lilly she said she said it's for your daughter to use. Oh no. She said I know she doesn't get to touch it. She hung it on the wall. <SEP> Yes. My uh grandmother um made us a couple of quilts for the baby. And I was like oh I don't want to mess those up. Yeah. Uh they're just too nice. I mean you don't get many hand made quilts anymore. Yeah. <SEP> Oh yeah. True. Well I've enjoyed this. Okay. <SEP> But uh well keep up the good um. Keep up the cross-stitching. You too. All right. Thanks. Uh-huh. Bye bye. <SEP> Bye bye.
sw3309.txt:Are are we paying too much in taxes. And are we getting what we pay for? What's your opinion? Well it's kind of a broad subject uh. I I think there are some areas where we where we uh pretty well you know get our money's worth. <SEP> But I I also think there are a lot of areas especially in uh big government federal government uh where we're short changed. Uh lot of money spent for uh things that are not used. And uh I was I was in the Air Force. And I was at there were there was equipment at every base I was ever on that was just going to waste. It was just sitting and rusting. And you know and. Okay. I I tend to agree with you. When it comes to government spending there are so many studies done that don't mean anything. Yeah. <SEP> But we'll spend hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars on. Yeah. And it's nice to know something doesn't work or something doesn't exist. But it could be put to more practical use. Yeah. And I I think that uh it's a a tone of our times that politicians uh are into themselves more than they are into you know doing something worthwhile for the people they represent which is really unfortunate. <SEP> That is true. I agree with you in that area. Uh I have a tendency to. I'm in from Texas. And I read you know how our politicians voted each week in the paper. Yeah. And it's you know it's interesting how the votes vary. And what they ran on in platform don't necessarily come true in their voting in the senate or Congress whatever. Uh-huh. <SEP> And don't really respond to uh people who write them and call them. And uh you know unless they're in the limelight and under pressure. So. Yeah. I think we get short changed on that. Right. That's very true. What what state do you live in? Texas. <SEP> Okay. That's. What do you think about Robin Hood? Well I work for school district. And uh it's it has hurt us a lot. Uh there has to be some way I think to equalize education opportunities. But uh you know our we we tend to think I think e- especially big government tends to think that the solution to everything is to throw money at it. And I don't you know. That's just not true. I don't think the you know I don't think money is going to take the place of intelligence or uh problem solving skills. Uh I think there are there are too many things that money can't uh that that money can't buy that that are important as far as education is concerned. <SEP> That's true. What school district do you work for? Richardson. Okay. I work for Plano. Oh. <SEP> Great. Okay. So we're comparable. Yeah. <SEP> As a matter of fact I just paid my Richardson taxes because I live in Richardson and supplemented the Robin Hoods very thoroughly I think. Yeah. I think we've uh Yeah we have got it on the line don't we. Our taxes went up tremendously. <SEP> Yes. And it's not going to get any better. D- you know I mean it's going up and up and up. Uh I used to live in the Plano school district. And uh there was a an organization a taxpayers organization that uh finally communicated the message to the I think to the people in Plano that you know we didn't want our taxes raised. Yes. I remember there was about four five years ago. Yeah. <SEP> Yes. But this you know this uh. I think living in Richardson we're kind of spoiled because I think we get we come closer to getting our money's worth as far as the city is concerned I think than probably any any city in the country. Yes. Well did you read in the Dallas paper where they increased the teach- the administrators' pay by thirty three percent after they laid off all those teachers. Is that incredible? <SEP> That's that's the biggest mess I've ever heard of. You know how can you how can you justify raising anybody's salary if you you know if you have to lay people off? Right. But you know I'm not going to complain because Plano got we all got a pay raise this year. Yeah. <SEP> You all got a pay raise this year. Yeah. Is that correct? Well yeah I think the teachers d- uh did. And I don't know about administrators. I I'm semiretired. And I was I was an administrator. So I you know I don't get a raise anymore. I just I I work part-time and just get uh you know. <SEP> Okay. My pay doesn't change. Are you on the early retirement? Yes. <SEP> Oh are you enjoying it? Yes. Very much. Uh course I I still work two part-time jobs. So it's not really total retirement. <SEP> Well it's interesting you know because when you look at what Richardson has done with the early retirement you.
sw3586.txt:I'm sorry um. That's okay. I didn't hear. Hobbies. <SEP> Okay. Let me see. I don't know if that took or not. I'll do it again. Okay. Okay. What are your hobbies? I hear you have kids right? <SEP> You heard her in the background. That's babies. That's your full time uh hobby right? Takes a lot of time huh. I like uh most sports. I like to do that. I kind of like to do a little bit of sewing. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh little bit of embroidery work once in a while. Uh-huh. What do you like to do? Um I try to do some painting although I'm not very good at it. <SEP> Well I'm sure you probably are. Well no. Not really. You like it. That's the main. Yeah. I I have you know I inherited the genes that make me think I'm creative but not the ones that give me the ability to be. <SEP> That's right. So I always try. <SEP> I I do some sewing mostly out of necessity. Um I'm making drapes for my house just because I'm. Oh boy that's hard sewing. Yeah. Well it isn't and it is. It is you know. Actually the sewing isn't the hard part. It's just being able to lay out the material and measure it because you need so much room. <SEP> Measure it and get it to. Well if it it depends on how elaborate you get it. If you get pleats and all kinds of. Yeah. I've been doing that. And That. <SEP> That's a lot of work. Yeah. That. But usually have to do the pleats by hand. So that at least I can do you know watching T V or whatever. Oh. But. <SEP> Right. Right. Yeah. And I've I've gone and you know put the needle through my thumb a few times trying to get it through. But. <SEP> That feels really good. Yeah. So that's not really my favorite thing to do or anything but I I need to do it. To do it. Right. I have let's see I have a dog and a lot of fish. Keeping fish I guess is my biggest hobby. <SEP> Keeping fish. Well they're probably easier than keeping dogs though aren't they. Um yes and no. It depends on how frequently they die and how much that bothers you. <SEP> Oh no. How much that bothers you. And you probably have to clean out the tank too. That's. You don't have to do as much as as I thought. In fact my problem. I had fish as a kid. And they always died immediately. <SEP> Oh no. And what I'm what I think now is the reason is I kept the tank too clean. Oh you're kidding. Because you have. <SEP> Because they need to have a little bit of the. Right. You need to let the bacteria build up. And then it keeps all the chemicals in balance. I see. And I would just take everything out and just like you know wash it with scalding hot water. <SEP> Oh no. And it would kill all the bacteria. And that would screw up all the chemical cycles again. And so you'd have to start all over to build that up probably. So. <SEP> Right. That's right. So now only I only clean things to make things look more aesthetically pleasing. <SEP> Right. Right. And I don't try and sterilize things. Don't go through the whole nine yards. And they kind of need a little bit of that. That's right. <SEP> That's right. So you've had fish for a long time. Well I've had them. I guess it's been two years now I've had a a tank here. And then back at home I used to have a small you know five gallon tank. But that never worked well. And I have fifty-five gallons now. <SEP> What size do you have now? Oh that's a good size. It's a lot easier. <SEP> Have you ever had it uh crack or break or leak. No. No. Not yet. <SEP> Fifty-five gallons you'd hope it would never do that. That's right. I really do. But you know. Do you have all kinds of different fish. Or. Yeah. I just have you know what they call community fish guppies and platies and and basic things. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't get into the. Real exotic. Right. Right. The expensive ones. <SEP> Well they're probably hardy harder to take care of. And. They are. They're very expensive. And you know when you die it's like when they die it's more like an investment. Yes. I bet it is. You lost an investment. So. <SEP> Do you have problems with them uh the fish eating each other? No. Not really. Only if there's baby fish. Right. You always have to isolate those. <SEP> Then you have to. How do you isolate them? You get a. A jar or something. Or. Well no. They have breeders. <SEP> Okay. It's a little plastic things that sort of floats. Okay. And you put the mother fish in there. And then it's got like a trough underneath her. <SEP> Okay. So as the babies come out they fall down in the trough. And there's a hole in the middle so they fall into the bottom part of the chamber so the mother can't get to them either. Oh. And that's you know. It kind of works. But it's also got slots in it so the water can circulate. <SEP> Right. And on occasion if you get a real small one. It'll fit out the slots. It'll go through the slot. That's right. So. But you know it works I guess. <SEP> That works all right then. They don't uh want the mothers to be with the little fish either. Oh they'll eat them. They will. Yeah. <SEP> Isn't that odd. Yes. You wouldn't think that. It and it's funny because the one I have every single month without fail she has babies. <SEP> You're kidding. Oh no. All the time. And um I. And she's supposed to. Her variety it says they won't eat the babies. And I've seen her do it. So. And that just makes you sick almost doesn't it? Oh it's ter-. Well it makes you understand that you know things are different. <SEP> Things are different in the animal kingdom huh. We might right. We might decide what's proper and what isn't. But you know that's the way it is for them. Yeah. <SEP> That's kind of the way they do it. Yeah. That's it. Survival of the fittest or something. Yes. Because if the baby is strong enough it can swim away fast enough and go hide. <SEP> Right. Go hide from them. Well and then you think well how did they do it out in the real world anyway when these fish are in the tropicals or wherever they are kind of trying to keep up with that. So. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But. If you're like me you never have enough time for the hobbies. No. Not really. I I try. I also I play a couple of instruments.
sw2041.txt:Uh well how is it appropriate to be talking about exercise attitudes? We uh. Well uh my my husband is right now teaching an aerobics class. Uh-huh. <SEP> He's an aerobics instructor. And um is going to be uh entering North Texas for uh a Kinesiology program there. Uh-huh. And um the the. How I met him was through uh the aerobics class that he used to teach. Uh-huh. You're a student? <SEP> Yeah. So. I'm I'm an avid aerobics uh person and just very very athletic. Uh-huh. Enjoying a th- you know uh anything dealing with sports. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> So and how do you feel about it? Uh I'm I am a person who wishes I had more time to exercise. I I don't feel like I. I don't very often do things for the sake of exercise. I don't feel well unless I am exercising. And I try to do things that involve exercise. But I very rarely do things like um. I've never done aerobics or any sort of structured. This is my exercise time. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I do lots of outdoor sports and things bicycling uh you know mountaineering a little mountaineering this and that. And I spend a lot of time. And I probably get more exercise than your average person. But it's not a a structured sort of thing. And I have to admit I have a certain resistance to the idea of exercising for exercising's sake. Uh-huh. And perhaps it's because somehow that implies to me it's not fun or something like that. <SEP> Yeah. Well I I've. My. That's the way my mother stands on it. She feels like if it's something that you have to do you know if you look at it as if you have to do it then it becomes it becomes a chore. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yes. Yes. And and she doesn't enjoy it when it's a chore. So um and I feel that way too as far as you know just sitting and doing you know to the idea of doing fifty sit-ups or something you know. To. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> You're a calcu- you know. Calculated down. And do your calisthenics you know three times a week. Uh-huh. Or but but I do try and um I do try and regulate how much exercise I get a week. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Is that why you like aerobics classes because you're not sort of someone else is doing the counting for you so it makes it less of a chore? Yeah. <SEP> And it's got. And I've always enjoyed dance. Yeah. So it involves you know. I I can't get out to dance all the time. And. Yeah. Would that we could. <SEP> Yeah. And it's and it's more regulated. I mean you're you're using different parts of the body. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So it it is like dance. An- and it's structured like that. But you have the music and someone like you said someone else is counting so it makes it easier for me. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And someone else is telling me okay you know let's move this way let's move that way instead of me having to think about it so much. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. You can just trust someone else to give you full exercise. And all you do is follow along and enjoy yourself. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm like you. I also um like to participate in uh things like. Well we just went to the uh Myererson Symphony Run this past weekend. And and that was a lot of fun. And you get to meet different people and um just get out you know out and about. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And it's it it's something you can all. Like our. We did it as a family. So it was it was quite a lot of fun. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And biking. And I I I love to swim. So I love it when you know it's swimming weather. Um. <SEP> And uh. Well you're talking to someone from California where it's often swimming weather. Oh. I didn't realize that. Uh. <SEP> I'm sorry. Well I'm in Texas. I I just assumed that I had. This is the first call I've done. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I didn't realize that they ha- were going to reach out to people from all over the country. <SEP> You wouldn't know that. Oh I. So it's the it's it's the the act- well it's actually. It's interesting because there are re- real regional differences. Um in California there's uh almost an assumption um unless you're sort of clearly of an older generation or something you know in your sixties or something like that. I'm I'm I'm not. Uh. There's an assumption that you do something for your physical fitness and and at least in urban California. And maybe not. I don't know about rural California too well. But in urban California it's just you know. For all I know aerobics started out here. I don't know where they actually started. But they you know the craze really picked up big here. And before that there was the running craze. And they. California gets you know tends to be a bit faddish. But the remarkable thing is how well the fads catch on elsewhere. <SEP> Uh-huh. So there must be something to some of them. And uh. Well I think people are are more inc- um um. People from California seem to be more health motivated all around. I mean as far as the diet and everything. Uh the diet and uh just your health consciousness. And I mean it just seems like uh a lot of those ideas generate out of California. Uh-huh. <SEP> Not just exercise but health health related ideas. Yeah. And I. It's curious I don't know why don't know if it's. Do you. Does California have a. Well there's a sense of it being a package. <SEP> I think. There there is a sense of you know whole. There's a lot of you know. You'll get organizations like institutes for the whole health or whatever. And uh oh the the the uni- University of California at Berkeley puts out THE WELLNESS LETTER. Which is uh turned into a fairly well subscribed to uh newsletter monthly or biweekly newsletter or something like that. Uh-huh. And and it doesn't deal with just exercise or just stress management or just diet or anything. It it's on fairly so- solid scientific ground. Uh it's just dispensed with these distinctions. It says ever- all sorts of factors go into health and there's no reason to talk about one rather than another so that they they combined them all together. And uh so it's had that orientation for quite some time. Um there's been some progressive medical schools out here that have taken that approach. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um. Now do you think that's because they've realized that for whole health that the you know you have to have that combination or that people are motivated that way so that they've incorporated that into their program. Boy. <SEP> Do you think the program came first or the. Yeah. That. There's a. I I can say there's a correlation but I couldn't say which which caused the other. They sort of dev- you know each developed a little bit and then would feed off one another and develop a little bit more and a little bit more. Yeah. The more money they put into it. Yeah. And. <SEP> I can see that. And cause I. Knowing. From institutes of learning like that I know that they've got to get their money somewhere. And somebody's got to be willing to pay for it and believe in it. So. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And part of it is California you know in back in the sixties had a lot of alternative movements. And some of them fizzled out. And some of them were disastrous. And others of them um had an impact on the society around here. And one of the ones that had an impact was uh people becoming interested in alternate practices. I'm not sure if it was a meditation practice or if it was you know which is similar to a stress management practice or alternates to uh A M A approved medicine. Uh you have you know major um acupuncture schools and things out here. And and you could have them around long enough. And more and more people start believing them or wondering how to combine them with other things. <SEP> Uh-huh. And before long you you get this this whole kind of Gestalt this whole package of of health of health care and options. Uh-huh. And uh and exercise is is strongly considered one of them. The irony is is it's people in the cities in my experience that are most oriented towards doing the exercise. And I guess because they spend all day in back of their desks. The average person out on the farm at least traditionally now they drive fancy tractors as much as anything but at least traditionally the laborers. <SEP> Yeah. Last thing. Or they're older. Pardon me. <SEP> Well don't you think they tend to be older in the rural ar-. I I sometimes think that it's almost frantic effort on the part of the people in the city. Oh like everything else. I live in a rural area. So you know I see that. Yeah. Yeah. The rat race to exercise. <SEP> It's yeah it's it's like it's frantic to you know to uh achieve something that that a person in a rural area uh almost doesn't worry about it to such a degree but stays you know almost healthier you know. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well I I think so. <SEP> As a fit person. I mean you you've. If you look at cert- if you look at other cultures. Like I know a little bit about people who were considered very healthy in China. And they don't do very much vigorous exercise at all. But they do a lot of low keyed low impact low stress exercise. And they combine it with a you know meditation or whatever. Some sort of relaxation. Uh-huh. And they seem pretty you know. They don't have the hard body. They don't have that perfect look. And an awful lot of exercise is sort of image conscious. But they you know they live to a hundred and ten some you know. <SEP> Yeah. And that that's. Well don't you think a lot of that is diet too? And a lot of that is diet. That's true. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I mean they eat they eat a lot of carbohydrates and not much fat. Um for economical reasons not for preference. Uh-huh. Um. <SEP> Yeah. And as we can see. Well I'm a I'm a practicing vegetarian. So uh I've read a lot of information knowing that to be true. Yeah. Am I actually. What's that? I as am I. <SEP> Oh are you also. Yes. Well that's that's good as far as the cal-. Is that is that um pretty predominant as far as California do- doe-. It is in the urban areas. Yes. <SEP> In the urban areas? Most for example most restaurants in an urban area will have a little vegetarian section now. Uh-huh. Oh that's wonderful. Well most most mo- sort of modern looking restaurants will. <SEP> Yeah. You can. That's great. I mean we uh. It's such a chor- it's such a trouble here. I mean you just have to eat at home basically. I was wondering that. Because I was actually applying for a job in Texas. And and and uh it occurred to me. <SEP> Well of course in the cities. Yeah. Well in the cities. We live close to Dallas. Uh-huh. <SEP> So uh which you know. You get uh an influx of a lot of people from all over the country. So you're going to have a lot of di- more choices. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But but in urban areas it's you know steak places. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> An and it's not a you know. Yeah. It's uh it's definitely. It it's it's changing to a degree. But um it's very frustrating. And even even with health food stores and stores where you can buy natural products or uh organic you know materials and foods and things. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You don't really have that. I mean you would think.
sw2510.txt:Okay. Do you have any pets? Yeah. I have three cats and a dog. Oh boy. Sound like us. We have. <SEP> Um. Go ahead. Um we just got the the dog less than a year ago. So he's still a puppy. Oh what kind is it? <SEP> He's a mixed breed. He's part Collie part Shepherd and part Chow. More Collie and Shepherd than Chow. Oh so you. The only Chow he's got is is his tongue. Oh he's got a blue tongue? <SEP> Yeah. Oh. He's got little spots on them. We have two Chows and a miniature Schnauzer and recently added a guinea pig which wasn't by my choice. But I was out ruled. So but the dogs are mainly mine and my husb-. But I just love them to death. <SEP> Was the guinea pig for your for your child? Daughter. Yes. Yes. As if the dogs weren't enough had to have a guinea pig. So anyway she's she enjoys her though. So that's that's what matters. But um our Chows we've had them I'd say right around six maybe seven years. And. <SEP> Really? They're um registered. And we've been breeding them. She's had about four or five litters. Oh my my husband's always wanted a Chow. But I'm kind of concerned about um with having cats and how how they socialize with cats. Um which is one of the reasons why we got a mixed breed. Oh. <SEP> Right. Um because we thought they would socialize easier. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um my husband had originally wanted an. And his brother has an. And he so far he's bitten ten people. Oh man. So. Goodness. <SEP> And the people that he got the from used to have cats. And they no longer have any other cats. So. It's telling um you know. When we had um we had a cat when we first married no took. Yeah. We had the cat first. And then we got uh the Chow. And bring um bringing them in as puppies they got along just fabulous with her. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh you would think you know that they were all dogs the way she would prance around them and and paw at their face. And they'd just play. And they were never they never harmed her. So uh they got along great. Now I don't know how how it would be bringing in uh like cat to a full full grown dog. Yeah. I wouldn't want to bring a cat into a full grown dog. Yeah. <SEP> But I I wouldn't feel um hesitant about bringing a puppy in to adult cats. Right. I think they would socialize easier. I think so too. <SEP> Um how how old is your child? Five. Five? She's a real. <SEP> So you had the dogs before you had the baby? Right. And I was not really concerned about um them harming her uh. I think I think a lot of that that that we hear all the time is how you bring them up. Uh-huh. And ours are real friendly. They're protective. But they're very friendly and lovable. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean you think they're lapdogs. You know. They'll just come jump on your lap and want to be have their bellies rubbed and everything. And. What color are they? Uh the female's red. And the male is black. <SEP> Oh I bet the black one's pretty. Yeah. He is he's a big old thing. And um I was concerned about the female mainly. And as luck had it uh she had puppies the same week my daughter was born. So it was kind of like she had her babies and understood about you know. About your baby. Yeah. And that. Yeah. I think that really helped and um my daughter you know since since she's little has been playing with them. And they let her tug their hair and and get on their back or whatever. And she's she's grown up with them and loves them to death. And they love her. So. <SEP> Yeah. I think it's good for kids to grow up around pets as as long as they don't have any allergies to them or anything. I do too. Yeah. <SEP> But I think it really helps them to understand when when they go to other people's houses. And they have pets. I see so many times kids just you know. They mean to animals not really understanding that the animals have feelings. Yeah exactly. That or or uh the other extreme. They're they're terrified of them. And I hate that. Yeah. Yeah. And they shouldn't be. I mean some maybe. But but um like our miniature Schnauzer she's just she's just like um a little hyper thing and just prances around and jumps all over everybody acting silly. And a lot of kids are scared of that. And which I understand because she is you know a lot of movement and everything. But when she calms down they're so scared of her. It's. <SEP> Huh. It that bothers me because she's the friendliest thing. She wouldn't hi- you know harm them at all. And and and that's mainly people that have never had pets around their children. So I think I think it's a good idea to have them. We've had um in the past we've had birds too uh like Cockatoos. And parrots and The big white birds with the the orange crest on top. Uh-huh. <SEP> Now ar-. The the Cockatoos are those the big ones? Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. We've had those. And those are neat. They're messy very messy yeah and loud. Are they? Oh a lot louder than a dog you know. A dog you can tell stop barking you know or whatever. <SEP> Yeah. But the birds you it's hard to keep them from squawking or whatever. But but they were neat enjoyable animals to have. Well we've thought about getting an aquarium partly be- partly for the cats. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think the cats would really enjoy it um. Yeah. With a lid. Yeah. Yeah. Of course um. But so far we just. And starting up an aqu- an aquarium. We we're thinking about getting a saltwater. Oh yeah. They. <SEP> And they're so expensive to start up. Yes. Yes. They are. And in your the luck of keeping them alive through those first you know few days. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. The the saltwater fish have so much more color. And they're so much more beautiful. I know they are. <SEP> Um the freshwater tank's just. Really to me they'll there's. Most of them really aren't that pretty. No. You know I really do- I really don't care much for them. Right. I don't blame you there. I think the saltwater are a lot more attractive than. I don't know. Those fish are just beautiful. Just so. Like you have a little bit of ocean with you or something. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Rather than just little fish. But I don't mind having. Wren. My daughter had a like a little goldfish a about a year or two ago. Uh-huh. And it finally died. And that was neat. But the- and they're you know. She can't play with it. You can just look at it. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. You know you can't roll around and tussle around with it like you can a dog or a cat. And. Yeah. I wouldn't I wouldn't dare have a a goldfish here because it would probably be in a small bowl. <SEP> And then my cats would knock it over. Yeah. I have to be real careful about where I put things. Uh-huh. <SEP> If the cats will will jump up on things and knock things over all the time. Oh no. Oh no. They're always up where they don't where they're not supposed to be. Yes. Yeah. And that's hard. <SEP> That's just like kids you know. Yo- they know that they're not supposed to do it. But they're going to do it anyway because they know they're not supposed to. That's right. And they're so independent. I love having them for that reason. Yeah. Yeah. And until we got the dog um it was real easy to to go to town for three d- three day weekend or whatever. Sure. <SEP> And now it's like a major production trying to find somebody to take care of the dog while you're gone. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's right. That is hard. And I. We knew it. But we never even thought that about when we got the dog. We just saw him oh. He's so cute. Oh. <SEP> Let's take him home. Yes. You know and then the first weekend we had him we had we were in a apartment in a two bedroom apartment. Uh-huh. <SEP> And my husband went out of town and left me with with the brand new puppy. Oh fun. And I had to work twelve hours that day. Oh no. <SEP> And so I left the dog locked in the bedroom. And I put paper all over the floor. Well when I came home I opened the door. And there were chunks of carpet padding everything all over the place. Oh. Oh no. <SEP> And he had tried to dig his way out from underneath the door. Oh no. I guess you didn't get your deposit back did you? Well I had the carpet fixed. Oh good. <SEP> Um I yeah I didn't even tell the apartment manager who got it. Oh okay. Oh no. Bless your heart. <SEP> But that that was my first real experience with with a puppy. When when we had our family dog growing up I was eleven or twelve I think when we first got him. Uh-huh. And I wasn't really involved in the the paper training and you know teaching him commands and stuff. Sure. Yeah. <SEP> So this was and to me a whole new experience. Yes. It is. Only it wasn't like cats at all. No. No. I wish it was. I wish they were in that instinct. But they don't. <SEP> So. Our only problem with our Schnauzer she's an indoor dog most of the time. Uh-huh. And uh we found she's right at a year. And we finally got her you know house trained and everything uh. Her only problem is trash. If you do not pick the trash up you know the container and put it on a table or chair or something she'll knock it over. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't care how fu- full she is. So it's not like she's hungry. It's just she wants to get into trouble. My cats do that it. If I through anything away that's any kind of meat or anything like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Anything that that they think is good. They'll get into the trash. Yeah. And then it doesn't matter where you put it and where you hide it. Yeah. <SEP> And how how tight you have the lid down on it. They'll get into it. I've come home many a days from work to find trash all over the kitchen floor. Oh I hate that. <SEP> And the cat's just looking at me like sorry. Yeah. You shouldn't have left it there. I couldn't help myself. I just hate that when she does that. I just oh. And she knows it's wrong. You'll walk in the door. And she'll cower and go hide under the table. <SEP> Uh-huh. So you she knows she does wrong. But she uh she continues to do it. So. Yeah. The problem that we're having with our puppy right now he's not. He's actually not really a puppy anymore. He's like sixteen months old. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um but he's still chewing. Oh is he? Um the last thing he chewed up was uh when we.
sw3173.txt:All right. Why don't you go ahead first and tell what kind of car you'd look for in your next. I think our next car I would like something like a an economy car that gets really good mileage and uh one that's really reliable. I would I think probably not a a brand new car. But maybe something like a Nissan Sentra. Or something like that uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Something my husband. And of course it has to have air-conditioning. Oh absolutely. Air-conditioning and a radio uh A M F M and a cassette player. And uh what else do I want. Does it have to be a special color? <SEP> Uh I would think kind of a subdued color would be nice. You know a a navy blue or a. It sounds like something your husband would drive right? <SEP> Yeah. That's what it would be for is for him to drive back and forth to work. Yes. Well I don't think we're looking for another car right now because we just bought one. But when we were looking we were looking for something that had enough seat belts of course. And we wanted air-conditioning and a five speed. And that was kind of iffy. But that made it better economically. So. I think that's something we might want too is some kind of standard transmission at least rather than automatic. Yeah. <SEP> We'll probably have to look for another second car sometime. And we'd look for about what you're looking for. S- but probably real cheap too. It wouldn't be a used used car. So but no. I think we would want one that even though it was a compact car or whatever that it would still be nice enough that uh you could take someone in it and not be embarrassed. Uh-huh. Would you like four doors. Or doesn't really matter. <SEP> Prob- well probably probably that would be a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. It it's hard for people to get in with a two door sometimes. That's right. So if we wanted it to take people out it's that's a good thought. <SEP> I. That hadn't crossed my mind. It would be fun just to win one wouldn't it? Yes. I would go for that. That would be great. All right. Well I think that's all that we need to say. <SEP> Well thank you for calling. All right. We'll talk to you later. All right. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw3825.txt:Well this is an unusual topic. What do you think about it? Yeah. I at first I. It took eight times to find you. So I told my husband uh you know. What should I say. And then he reminded me. But uh uh hi- in his family uh what they usually do on his dad's side his mom or uh the aunts will send out little postcards like two or three weeks before reminding everyone where the the where to meet and you know just to bring anything. And so they just notify everyone by mail. And then they just meet at like a park or something to have like a a short uh or a small uh dinner type thing. Well that sounds great Ellen. How far away do they come from? <SEP> Uh they come from well they all meet in Portland. And they come as far as oh Seattle. And and sometimes we've gone. And we were f- we were living in Utah at the time. Oh okay. And uh the his his dad's family is all around the area. And his mom's side of the family they all uh have their family reunions in southern Utah. And people would come from Seattle to there and uh let's see Nevada and in that area Washington and Nevada to southern Utah. And they would uh assign a different person each time they had a reunion they'd assign a different person to be in charge of notifying everybody. Oh okay. That makes sense. Nobody's out of a lot of trouble more than once. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And the people who are down there like they'll assign one person in the Utah area one person in the Washington area. And that person can call you know beforehand and just make sure everyone knows too. Uh-huh. And then they just sort of do like a little program or you know something like that so that everyone's sort of involved. Yeah. <SEP> That's interesting. You sound like you've had a lot of experience with this then. Oh well that's my husband's side and my mom my mom's or my family uh. We all live in southern California. So we just have to either or give a formal invite. <SEP> And we're all there. So. Southern California's still pretty large. Yeah. Well I mean L A Orange County area. I mean everyone's you know mostly not farther than an hour away. I see. <SEP>. Yeah. Well my experience uh has been limited pretty much lately to my mother's side of the family. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh years ago there was a big dispute on my dad's side. And uh they haven't had a reunion since then. They just show up at funerals and weddings. Oh. It was pretty serious and lot of yelling and all that. <SEP> Wow. But anyway my mother's side we had our our first real reunion that I've ever gone to last summer. And they had people come in from out of town. And they took some rooms down at a Holiday Inn. And uh they had some activity. They had a nice dinner planned and all of that stuff. And people got up and talked about various parts of the family tree. And you know a lot of that sort of thing. Since it was the first one that we'd had that you could do that once. Now next time we have one. We'll have to think of something more creative to do. Well you know that's interesting because one thing that always brings to my uh husband's mother's side together is uh they talk about the genealogy of the family tree every time. And uh inevitably everyone is just very interested. And and they always have you know two or three new ones to add to the list you know someone's been born or someone passed away or you know something like that. Oh. <SEP> And so everyone has to update their little books or whatever. Well have have you do you have an interest in genealogy? <SEP> Uh I do but not to very much compared to my mother-in-law. Not a passion huh. <SEP> Uh I suspect we'll do quite a bit more genealogy. And I I suspect we will do more of it. Uh I found out some about some of the relatives I didn't you know I I didn't even know their names some of the two or three generations back and some of the aunts and uncles. Um. And uh there's a lot of things there you have to stop. They're really kind of fascinating. I found out my grandmother was one of a twin. <SEP> Oh. And we don't even know where the twin. We have virtually no no background on on her on the twin. Really? <SEP> Is it your your grandma's own sibling. And she. My grandmother's uh sister who would be somewhere in in West Virginia. I'm sure she's you know dead now because my grandmother died in about twenty years ago. Oh I see. Oh so. I'm I'm quite a bit I'm probably a lot older than you are. Uh. <SEP> Well maybe uh they just moved away and then sort of lost contact. I don't know.
sw2521.txt:Okay. So who is your favorite football team? Guess. I bet you can't guess. <SEP> Well I would say the Saints after since. You got it. And I want to tell you something. <SEP> What's that? They're going to go somewhere pretty shortly. Yeah? Yeah. I think they are because they're getting better every year. <SEP> Yeah. And uh they got a lot. Can't call them the New Orleans Ain'ts any more. <SEP> I don't think so. No. We went to the playoffs. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well I'm a I'm a Buffalo Bills fan. From a from a long time ago. Yeah. <SEP> Now I like them too. So it's good to it's good to see the Bills doing so well now. And. They are. They are doing a whole bunch better. Who's their quarterback? <SEP> Yeah. What's that? Who's their quarterback? <SEP> Uh Jim Kelly. Yeah. Yeah. I like to watch them too. They're the. I like to watch almost all the football. But um of course I watch every Saints game that I can watch. Uh-huh. But I think they're going to I think they're really going to do good because it seems like they're finally all coming together. <SEP> Yeah. If they would just quit blowing it. Well the. It. The the N F L draft really seems to be doing its job. Because got teams like like Buffalo who weren't certainly weren't a powerhouse uh ten years ago. Now they've been able to get some good players and come around. And th-. New Orleans the same story. And uh a few years ago Denver was a powerhouse. And then they uh they weren't getting the draft picks. And now the uh other team. So it seems to be uh moving around and uh to to New Orleans' benefit. Yeah. <SEP> And uh you see how. Look at the Cowboys now. They're uh they're hurting. And uh. Uh-huh. Really bad. <SEP> Yeah. But they got so much bad publicity too. And I think that hurt a lot of you know people even wanting to play on their team. W-. <SEP> Yeah. W- w- well yeah. Uh firing Tom Landry and hiring Jimmy Johnson. What what kind of uh uh. Doesn't give you much respect for their team at all. Any t- any team that tha- where the owner would fire Tom Landry you know is like one of the greatest coaches of all time. Right. Right. And just because they had had a couple of bad seasons. And you can't even attribute those bad seasons to bad coaching. Yeah. Yeah. Because all the problems. I mean if you think about those years that we had the losing season of how bad. I mean his players were constantly getting kicked off the team because of drugs because of uh you know messing with young children. <SEP> Right. And I mean it was just one thing it seemed like right after the other with them. Right. And he alway-. <SEP> And uh had a lot of trouble with injuries too. Yeah. You know he'd uh never seem to be able to keep his guys healthy. And then even like uh what is it Eric Dickerson left the team you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Tha-. You're right. You know like people were jumping ship right and left. Right. And I don't know. That sounds to me more like the front office problem than coaching problem. But then the team was sold. Yeah. <SEP> So. But uh that Jimmy Johnson came in too though. And he just you know. When he bought the team and all and it just seemed like he just decided you know this is the way it's going to be. And it was bad. Yeah. I mean it really was. To me it was like it's going to take them quite a while to rebuild. Because e- everything I mean anything that Tom Landry wanted or had he was going to change it. <SEP> Right. I mean it's. Tha- I mean you know that's the way I felt about it. But I tell you what. Well Yeah. If New Orleans ever gets a quarterback isn't nobody going to beat us. <SEP> There ain't nobody going to beat us then. Because look how good we did without a quarterback this year. <SEP> I know. Who was the quarterback? Well They had quite a few quarterbacks if you think about it. Uh. See I can't even think of who the New Orleans quarterback is. <SEP> Fourcade was for a while. And then um I can't remember that guy's name the one that held out for the money. And he was across the river. Uh I can't think of the I can't think of his name now. But really we didn't have a quarterback. That was the whole problem. Yeah. We had one guy that couldn't throw. And we had one guy that couldn't run. <SEP> Huh. And it was it was just bedlam. We really didn't have a quarterback. It was uh defense w- w- won all the games. Did they were they able to draft anybody this year? I don't know. Because you know they gave away a lot of their drafts. For different people for you know other places. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. So I don't know. I hadn't heard you know whether they have a new one or not. <SEP> Well when is the N F L draft. But uh. Hasn't has the N F L draft even gone yet? Uh-huh. Not yet. But I mean I don't know whether they have one of the first you know choices of somebody. <SEP> Right. Right. That would be real good. <SEP> Well they've. Yeah. They've. I mean ye-. Everybody gets in draft. Sure. But I don't know whether they'll be far enough up where they can do any good. <SEP> Right. But uh. Or even making the playoffs. So that doesn't doesn't help you in the draft. Right. But we really I mean really and truly we just don't have a quarterback. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. That's all there is to it. But the players and stuff they finally quit giving away the really good players and started keeping them too. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because we had some. You remember when Archie Manning was a quarterback? That was a few years ago. Yeah. Well he was good. But we every time we'd get a real good player they'd treat him bad. <SEP> Uh-huh. And of course we had a different coach then too. But they'd treat him bad. And then he'd leave. Or either they'd trade him off to somebody else for two of these nobodies. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. And it was weird. It was like they were trying if you were good boy let's don't have you on our team you know. But um this year they had all good players except for the quarterback. <SEP> Yeah. The quarterback all of them every one that they played. I think they played uh. I can't remember whether we played three or four quarterbacks. But all of them were bad. Huh. I mean they were terrible. They could not pitch. You know they couldn't even take handoffs. It was terrible. <SEP> Right. But uh all the other places I mean our defense was unbelievable. Oh that's one it's one thing. <SEP> Yeah. Buffalo's lucky though to have uh Jim Kelly than. Did you get to watch any of their games? <SEP> Now he's the number one rated quarterback in the N F L. I think. Yeah. I'm pretty sure he was this past season. And uh then with uh uh the defense with Bruce Smi- Bruce Smith there at linebacker there they've got a very well rounded team. And it seems that they've gotten over their bickering and their fighting as they problems they had in the past. And now they're uh really playing as a good together as a team. Yeah. <SEP> So. Um. Do you watch it every Sunday? Uh when I can. I'm a I'm a musician. And uh the band I play in uh I. This is just something on the side. And uh the band I play in we tend to rehearse quite a bit on Sundays. So I missed a lot of Sundays during this. Um. <SEP> Did you ever get to watch any of the uh New Orleans games? Ac-. I I'd have to confess I don't really scope out the New Orleans games per se. I'm a Um. <SEP> New Orleans just isn't isn't one of the areas. I've lived in so many places. I've lived in uh Denver. But I don't like the Broncos. There's no love for the Broncos. But I've lived in uh uh. No. <SEP> I was born in Buffalo. And I lived in uh outside of Boston for five years. And then my family lives in Philadelphia now. And uh so I tend to look for uh uh. Teams in your area. And I lived in Detroit too. So I like uh. First of all first and foremost the Bills games I want to see. And then I'll uh normally check out the Eagles or the Patriots. And Patriots were so depressing this last year that yeah that uh I kind of gave up on them. I know it. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But uh first and foremost the Bills. I even wen-. I went to got to go to a Bills game this year which was fun. It was the the Bills Eagles game which appropriately enough fortunately the Bills won. Oh. That's neat. <SEP> Yeah. And it was good weather. Yes. <SEP> We beat Buffalo in in uh was it third of December? And it was sunny and forty-five degrees. Oh my goodness. So we couldn't a done much better than that in Buffalo. No. Because usually it's snowing. <SEP> Yeah. Ice and rain and everything. Sure. But I tell you what. If you get to watch some of these. Now I don't know how it will be this year you know. But I mean these games go right down to the wire. <SEP> Uh-huh. It was like I was sitting on the edge of my chair you know going oh no no. And one uh. I can't remember. It was about uh. It was right close to when we was going to find out if we was going to get to be in the playoffs or not. Uh-huh. So we're watching the game. All right. The other team got the ball. And we had like no we got the ball back. That's the way it was. And they had to kick. And uh to know whether we were going to win the game or lose a game because they got one point ahead of us. <SEP> Uh-huh. So we had to sit there you know. And they cut the show off and shorin- started showing us another football game. We did not get to see the end of the game. You talk about people calling in. Oh my gosh. It was wild. I mean here everybody is sitting on the edge of their chair you know. <SEP> Sure. And then they changed the game. And they changed it and gave us another game in the middle of another you know one that was going on. <SEP> Right. Cut us off right there the last few seconds. The station finally you know how they'll put the little message down at the bottom. Started telling everybody that they were not the ones that had cut that off that it was the national you know. Right. <SEP> Right. It was the network. Uh-huh. An- because it was funny. I mean everybody was furious. I was so mad I got up and went and called you know. I couldn't believe that. But almost every game that I watched it would come right down to the end. We would be ahead you know. But then at the ver- in the fourth quarter they'd let them get up there either with them or you know right ahead of them. <SEP> Right. And it'd come right down to the end. And either we made it or we didn't. Oh and it was it was something else. I said this is the most. If we had a quarterback this year we would have went to the Super Bowl. Yeah. There's no question about it because everybody was playing good together except the quarterbacks. And the quarterbacks just didn't do anything. <SEP> Yeah. Well that's the that's the guy that counts. Yes. But maybe we maybe we'll get your guy. Oh I I don't think Jim Kelly is about to be swayed away from the Bills any time. <SEP>
sw3725.txt:Okay. Your family have reunions on a regular basis? Probably once every five years. <SEP> Once every five years? Uh-huh. Yeah. Uh you have got a pretty big family. Yeah. And that is the hardest part about getting the fam- the stuff together. And everyone is spread out all over Timbuktu. <SEP> Oh yeah. And you? Yeah. We have a pretty big family. But most of us. Well uh uh I am originally from West Virginia. Uh-huh. <SEP> Most of the family is right in the West Virginia uh uh what they call Tri-State area uh northern West Virginia eastern Ohio southwestern Pennsylvania. Yeah. Most everybody is right in that area. That makes it a lot easier. A lot more convenient. That is why we only do it once every five or ten years. <SEP> Yeah. Spec-. Because it is always that hard to get everyone together. Yeah. They put one together for our family about once every June. It was on my grandmother's birthday. But she is she is gone now. Yeah. See that is kind of what happened with ours. That is why we have not had one in a long time. <SEP> Yeah. Uh. So so to make one successful I mean I mean what do you all do. Oh. Do you all just start planning real far ahead of time? <SEP> Pardon. Uh do you all start planning real far ahead of time? Well no. There is kind of a set pattern to it. There is uh. So uh the day it happens is ninety-eight percent of the planning usually. Oh really. <SEP> Yeah. Uh we uh get together at the uh the park uh the uh the park and playground area of the Church I was raised in. Yeah. And uh everybody brings lots of food. And some put up the volleyball net and sit around and tell stories and catch up and play volleyball all day and get really fat. Eat a lot. <SEP> Oh gosh. It is a lot harder for us because we are like I said we are spread out. Yeah. And so we have to plan anywhere from six well really probably a year ahead of time so that everyone can uh start their uh vacation time. <SEP> Schedule vacation time. And yeah. We usu-. Uh Sat uh Sunday afternoon or uh sometimes it has been like on a Saturday afternoon. Uh-huh. Usually it is like Sunday afternoon. And most people do not have more than you know a couple of hours drive at tops to get there and back. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Is that one of your uh. I mean uh. Well where I am calling from is southern Mississippi. So we have got uh uh my wife and I have uh a bit longer ways to go than most. But you also manage to make them. <SEP> Uh actually we we have only made one of them since we got married about four years ago. One of the family reunions. Yeah. But we are both in school. So that makes it kind of tough. Yeah. <SEP> They usually uh they have been happening uh just after the summer semester starts. You can't really get away. Usually not. We managed to get to one. That was before I started school. And she took that summer off. But uh. Well now that we have been talking about it I uh I am kind of getting home sick now. <SEP> Because it has been over three years since I have been home to see my grandparents. Oh goodness. Well my my grandfather is the only one that is still around. <SEP> Yeah. And see my grandmother is the one that use to plan this stuff basically. Yeah. So unless the aunts and uncles really get on the ball and put stuff together it is kind of like. She was like the glue. So. <SEP> Yeah. I understand. Where is home for you? Originally uh I uh was born in Missouri. Yeah. But uh you know we have relatives scattered out all over Louisiana Mississippi uh here in Texas. <SEP> Yeah. But it is harder for everyone to get in get home. Yeah. Well maybe this year you can find a more central location. Well but the majority of them are in like just like how you said in close close quarters. So it is easier for us few stragglers to go home. <SEP> Oh okay. Then the majority of them are still in the Missouri area. Yeah. Okay. You know our family right now uh the most of it there is only a few stragglers uh with any distance. There is one cousin out in Colorado uh uh some cousins over in Phoenix uh. I got a sister over in in uh Washington State. Uh the rest of them are within you know a couple hours drive. Well uh how do you all communicate? Like to plan it and every thing. Do you all just call each other up on the phone and say this is the weekend we are going to do it. Or do you all like mail out stuff? <SEP> That is pretty much it. Yeah. It is going to be such and such uh weekend. And uh you all come. Yeah. That is about it. And you know this is the standard pattern. It uh. Everybody brings their favorite dish. And somebody brings the volleyball net. Somebody brings a whole lot of ice for the watermelon. And. Well uh uh I guess probably the last one I went to I met so many people that I had not seen in probably ten over ten years. It was like don't you remember me. And I am like no. <SEP> Am I related to you? Yeah. I know. Yeah. I married your cousin's brother's uncle or something like that. Do you. I mean is that since. I mean do you have them every year? <SEP> Uh yeah. Every year. And uh still you wind up meeting people you uh you never knew you were related to. Let alone. Yeah. <SEP> And. Well I think that is probably why our is probably so interesting is cause we don't have them that often. Oh yeah. And then when we do and everyone finally does get together. It is like after the you know.
sw3120.txt:Okay. Okay. Well did you go to college? <SEP> Yes. I did. And where did you go? I went to a small liberal arts college in Virginia. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh it was Sweeper College of about seven hundred and fifty students. I had gone to a small school growing up uh. And a lot of my friends went to univert- University of Michigan. But my parents were retiring in South Carolina when I graduated and uh were looking for a southern school and uh also U of M seemed overwhelming in size. Uh-huh. And uh what about you? I went to the University of Minnesota. <SEP> Oh so you're from the Midwest too. I am. Uh-huh. Where do you live now? Uh I live in Texas now. Where are you? Well I'm in Texas. I'm in Austin. <SEP> Oh uh my brother's in Austin. Uh he lives Lakeway. He uh had moved uh. We're in Plano. Uh-huh. And. I'm familiar with Plano. I visited once or twice. <SEP> Oh Austin is so pretty. I really like it. Oh I love it. I love it. I really do. <SEP> And your daughter is going to be a sophomore. That's correct. I have two daughters. But my oldest will be will be a sophomore. Is uh because you live in Austin is she thinking about the University of Texas? She has her heart set on U T. <SEP> And uh you know having gone to the University of Minnesota I know what a big university is like. And uh one thing that I did this summer which I thought might benefit both my daughters is my youngest daughter got involved in band. And Baylor has a band camp. Oh. So she went for a week. And it was overnight. And they lived in the dorms. And I thought this would expose both of them to what it's you know like on a coll- a smaller college campus. And uh my oldest one just wasn't impressed at all with the idea of a small school. So uh I I I still think the exposure was good. <SEP> Yes. The reason I ask if you went to college is I thought well you know. What were your selection criteria. Did you base it on what you wanted to major in or what you would feel comfortable with or what you could afford. Or you know there's all of these areas to look at in making the decision. Uh-huh. Those and those were several uh that we did consider. Uh my parents uh certainly didn't push but wanted me to look in the south. And because I had been in a small school they suggested that I probably I. When I say small my graduating class had eighteen in it. Oh wow. <SEP> And so they suggested that I might want a smaller school because I was used to a lot of one-on-one uh or small group situations. Oh definitely. And I did pick it because at the time I was interested in majoring in biology. And I also wanted to spend one year studying in Europe. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I had had an A F S student from Germany live with us our senior year. Oh how exciting. And we just thought that would be a wonderful thing. And I ended up majoring in French. One of the reasons I picked the school was because they had a strong science department. They also had a strong language department. And I'd always loved working with children. Uh and I found that I couldn't fit everything in. But because I had had a fair amount of French going in I was able to do my year's study in France and able to take a lot of the other courses that interested me. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh and so that was some of. Oh that was That worked out very well for you. But. <SEP> Several of the things you mentioned were the things that uh our son has talked a lot about Texas A and M. He but he thinks he wants to be a writer. And I don't think that. Well then he should come to U T. Yes. <SEP> Uh and really his his graduating class will probably be in the neighborhood of eight hundred and fifty to a thousand. Uh-huh. Uh and so he's used to a bigger size. Large classes. <SEP> And because my brother is there uh he would have family close by. So there there are advantages. Uh. But I also. Because I had so many friends who did go from our small school to University of Michigan which was so large. And they really felt uh like they were numbers. Oh I went from a large high school to a u- large university. And I definitely felt like I was a number. You still. <SEP> Yeah. Uh I mean it is a different feeling. But that was that was my only option. I I mean I just really couldn't look at anything else. That was the one and only thing I could really afford other than a jun- you know a junior college which I didn't want to do. So that's how you know my decision was made. But uh. Well th- that's certainly. Uh especially today with the cost of college. I mean that is a a major uh consideration. And I do feel fortunate that Texas has so many good schools. And even though Baylor uh. Yes. <SEP> And when you mentioned that we we have friends who have children there who just love it. And for a private school it is not as expensive as most are. And it is a smaller size. And uh I do feel like there are a lot of options. It's it's. But I had been hoping some schools I know give uh oh. Even this year Jay had an aptitude test uh. What what does. He hopes to be a writer. Yes. He thinks that's what he'd like to do. But he's really strong in math and science too. And we keep encouraging him to keep an open mind. Huh. <SEP> Does your daughter know what she'd like to do? Oh she she has uh you know interests that are just you know going in all directions. Yeah. Uh what she talks about a lot is theater which I think is. Okay Bethany let's be real. Uh she really is is pretty unfocussed at this point. And I don't know. She's taken a lot of French. And she may end up doing something with that. And I am a single mom. So I've been. And I made the mistake of dropping out of college to get married. So I'm trying to have my children not make the same mistake. And I'm you know showing them if you're strong in math and science kiddos this is one area where women can make some decent money. You know. <SEP> Yes. I mean I'm kind of really putting the practical application you know and and saying yet do something that you enjoy. Uh-huh. By all means go get that piece of paper you know. Do you just have one son? <SEP> Yes. I see. Well it sounds like he's got some really you know good strong ideas of what he wants to do. Well he but he has even. Now that he's in high school uh. And of course there's there is still time. But he's beginning to feel that as much as he enjoys writing he wonders if he can make a living at it. You know it's the it's.
sw2648.txt:So well this is an appropriate topic the day after Earth Day. So. Right. Um well what do you think is uh the pollutants the main pollutants in the air? <SEP> I have trouble with the chemical plants and things like that I just uh I think they put off so much. And they're not regulated enough. Yeah. Well that's me too. After um. On channel thirteen uh they had some some programs the day before. And I'm not sure that about yesterday we didn't really watch it too much yesterday. But the day before they had a lot of programs about the environment and you know how we're affecting the Earth and things by what we do as the people. Uh-huh. And and they mentioned sulfur and carbon dioxide a lot. <SEP> Yeah. And that actually um as our population increases and you know our of course our our cars you know our number of cars increase per the population that's the problem. But also like you said the industry pollution. And you know their reg- their regulation that's placed on them is I mean it's better than it used to be. But it's incredible that they still don't have you know they don't they're not made to regulate the amount of pollutants that they put into the air. Right. You know I I just. I can't stand that. And I know for a fact that they get away with a lot that. You know they're supposed to be regulated because we have a we have a plant I don't know about T I but we have a plant uh a Pillsbury plant in in a town adjacent to ours. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I know people that work there that. Of course you wouldn't think Pillsbury would put out certain chemicals. No. But they put out toxic chemicals there just in some of the um what they do uh to uh make their dough and st- to clean out the flour and stuff like that. <SEP> Really? Yeah. Huh. I mean it's incredible. And um they said that they're you know they have a little creek that runs by them. And some of the people that work there have told me that when they have inspectors coming they you know shut down everything. And they clean up their act but on a normal basis that they're that they're dumping things that they're not supposed to be dumping. <SEP> Oh. And I'm like if they're getting away with it can you imagine. Right. That's a that's a Pillsbury plant. I can't imagine plants. <SEP> I wouldn't have thought that Pillsbury could would the I mean or even had chem- you know well. Those chemicals would not. Yeah. They have chemicals that they use to refine their flours with and stuff you know to to break the flours down. Yeah. And then they they also do testing there. And I don't. You know wh- when you consider you know it's probably not radioactive. But toxic can be can be anything that's cr- uh classified that can damage the Earth. <SEP> Right. Yeah. So there could be a lot of things that they could put you know that chemical wise that they use to uh that they are testing with that they're dumping. Right. You know like in In packaging. Yeah. <SEP> And uh you know just goodness. Yeah. I don't think they do the packaging at this plant. Yeah. But they do they do a lot of research. And they do um they do do a lot of the refining up there. Or. <SEP> Yeah. I'm not really. What's it called when you do flour. I'm not. Uh only thing I can think is bleaching. But I mean I I don't know what's how they do the flour. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. But um we we're on the southwest side of Houston. We don't have that much as far as uh aiming in the plants over on this uh the we- east side does. Uh-huh. <SEP> We've got Imperial sugar. But uh and they're you know they're right there on the creek also. And uh they've been there for years. Yeah. And uh. But. I mean you think about it it you know. It's probably a lot easier to detect things that go into the ground than it is maybe to just. I'm not really sure. But I would think it would be easier to detect those things because you could detect them down strean- or stream or such. <SEP> Yeah. Or you can you can you know do uh testing on the ground itself at that point. Uh-huh. But when they pollute into the air and you've got you know and you've got movement through the air it's going to move a lot of that off. So I don't see you know how they can do some of the te-. Unless it just hangs there like in places where it's a lot of pollution you know like in Los Angeles or or the bigger cities where it it tends to get stuck there. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know that you have a lot more particles in the air you know per per uh per particles in the surrounding community because it's not moved away. Right. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. But um. I know that. I worry every now and then. We're still on a well water. We're not on city water. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I think well what if somebody's dumped something back there in the and no one knows about it and you know it sinked in through the ground and all that. Yeah. Well I know out in some. I'm not sure. I can't remember the name of the county. It's it's where Stillwater is or sweet. Yeah. No. I'm not sure. I know it. I think it's uh. I know we have a piece property there. It's called Dublin. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's in Dublin Texas. I'm not really sure what the county. It's Stephen. No. Stephenville. Oh okay. Okay. Okay. Where Stephenville's at they've had a lot of problems because they've um introduced a lot of dairies there. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. So they have a lot of cattle in the area. I mean they've got like per per ya- uh per lot. You know they've got like a lot of head of cattle because dairies they don't th- th-. It's not like it was a big ranch where they let the cow roam around free. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. They've got to have them there to be able to milk them. And they. And I read in this article I couldn't believe it where you know like one cow produces like a day produces like a hundred or so pounds of manure. Oh. One cow. I was like my God. And they. And this thing says that that you know it- people think well cow manure is good for fertilizer. But when you get that much manure it says it becomes a real problem because it's not it's not. When you know you buy cow manure at the store they've added stuff to it. And they've added humus and stuff that breaks it down. <SEP> Uh-huh. And and this and this article said that they've got a real problem that um you've got toxins and and uh bacteria in the manure that is. What it's doing is it's going through uh. They don't have a very deep um o-. You know their water their natural water uh. Uh-huh. I forget what that's called with you know. It's like a spring spring water. <SEP> Yeah. But it's below the surface. It's not very far down. Uh-huh. And all this stuff is seeping through to the water. <SEP> Oh. And they're like they're afraid that you know within a certain amount of years that it's their wa- their water in that town will be totally polluted. It will. And they won't be able to have any drinking water because they will have um polluted completely polluted so that they're you know there's too many toxins and bacterial growth. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. And the gr-. And I'm like my God you know just from that one you know just from them introducing dairy farms in that one county. Right. <SEP> Right. Yeah. And the the ground will filter some of it but not all of it. No. Not when you figure. I didn't realize a cow one cow produces that much manure. And they were talking like thousands of cows you know they were talking thousands cows in one little tiny area. <SEP> These are well fed. These are. You. <SEP> Good grief these are well fed cows uh. Well they are evidently. But um I mean ev- evidently a normal cow produces that much too. Uh-huh. But they're just so spread out on ranches and stuff that it's not you know a problem. <SEP> Right. But when they get them in these tiny little areas you know and they've got a real big problem. And they they said that that what they were doing was scraping it with bulldozers and stuff and taking it to uh these like ponds that they had to filter it with. Uh-huh. But the ponds because they've had so much rain in the past few years they just overflow. <SEP> Yeah. And they overflow into the the creeks and stuff in the area. So that just creates. You know there there's. And oh it was just disgusting. It said the creeks will foam. Oh. People people stand outside their houses and their watch the creeks foam brown and all. <SEP> Oh now that's bad. And I'm just like oh my gosh. And the smell is really bad they sa-. Oh I was going to say the air pollution alone there just from a hundred pounds of cow manure was going to be bad. Yeah. But I I don't know. It really frightens me though as far as the when you think about the you know thinking of just air pollution itself. And then and channel thirteen they're really um emphasizing the problem with acid rain you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. If we if we keep putting that stuff into the air and and you know if we keep creating the problem and not doing anything about it that it's really going to be a problem for um just the the Earth you know what the Earth is receiving back you know because how can you tell where it's going to come down at. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Right. And then cutting the trees you know that bothers me. Yeah. As far as you know the. The rain forest and all. <SEP> Yes. Uh we've been wanting to. Well not me. But uh it's been recommend- or suggested that we cut a few of the trees down here. I'm like no. You know for what's cut down here you know more will be cut down someplace else. And it will just take that longer to grow back. Yeah. And trees help so that uh. I don't. Well they do because what is it carbon dioxide they use that where we can't synthesize it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they're synthesizing it for us. Right. Right. Believe me it's just so much better. Yeah. <SEP> So uh yeah. I knew. I think there's lots that be that could be done to to improve how things are done now. Yeah. I think we just have to. I don't know personally you know. I suppose you know if you just make sure your car is is working properly. Uh-huh. And yo-. You know they're suppos-. Nowadays they have the emission controls on them. But uh I think the only the main thing is just keep on the legis- your legislator's back you know as far as. Seems like they've only just really started as far as the environment saying okay we're really going to get involved. <SEP> Uh-huh. It it's really becoming a problem. By the year two thousand there will. What what are we going to have. What kind of results are we going to have for the environment. Right. And and what will we.
sw2938.txt:All right. Do you have a bunch of factories and stuff out there? Um we've got quite a few actually. What we're more concerned with is the inner pollution in the city. The uh. <SEP> Um we've actually had some warnings in uh Raleigh uh on air pollution. Oh you mean for like smog and stuff? <SEP> Uh-huh. Because of there so many cars. And we have a belt line alo- around Raleigh where we're trying to divert traffic. Huh. And um you know i- it's still it's just surrounding the city. And you can actually see it. There's a couple of uh tall buildings in Raleigh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and you can actually you know. They're blurred. They're even dark. And what it is is the pollution. Huh. What do you think of that uh the greenhouse effect that's going on? Well I guess that's fluoro- the fluorocarbons. Yeah. <SEP> And uh. That's causing the hole in the ozone. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's very serious. I mean we can we're even feeling the effects of the weather from uh uh the shift in the jet stream. Uh-huh. It it is scary though isn't it? <SEP> Oh yeah. I mean uh the last two uh years our winters have been absolutely nothing. Right. I mean maybe one snow. Well all right. North Carolina. That's up there by Kentucky isn't it? <SEP> Kentucky? Uh-huh. Uh North Carolina is all the way on the east coast. Okay. <SEP> It's further west than Georgia. It's uh right below Virginia. Okay. Well Kentucky's next to Virginia I'm pretty sure. Well I'm from Kentucky. I should know. But I don't. I'm sorry. But Kentucky we use to have severe I mean just real cold cold winters. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we'd have three and four feet of snow. Course here in Texas they don't have snow. They don't know what snow is. They freak out when there's snow on the ground. Uh-huh. Originally I'm from Texas. So I mean Amarillo. So uh. Oh Amarillo? <SEP> Uh-huh. Well that's close to here. Yeah. Real close. How long have you been in Raleigh? <SEP> Um I've been out of Texas about ten years. Well how old are you? Oh twenty uh seven. I almost forgot my age. Okay. Well we're the same age. <SEP> Oh really? Yeah. I forget my age all the time. So that's okay. It's I think it's just something that goes with the territory. Um. But to me Texas see and Kentucky we had to have ice on the ground for them to close school. Okay? <SEP> Uh-huh. In Texas I'm serious if it gets cold and it looks like it's going to rain I I swear they close everything down. I just laugh. I mean I do. They get I mean. And traffic slows down to nothing. <SEP> Actually they've been doing the same thing here. It's you know it's kind of funny. They um I guess northerners are different. But even uh North Carolinians they don't know how to handle cold weather. Oh well no northe-. I'm from the north. That's why I said we in Kentucky we. I don't know. You just get used to the weather. And of course the people down in south they don- they're not used to cold weather and stuff. And uh it just. Uh-huh. I don't know. I just laugh. Every time they have a every time they have snow on the ground everything's closed up. <SEP> And you know you can have snow on the ground and not be slick on the road. That's true. But uh. <SEP> Do you all have much pollution there? No. Not really. I mean not to see it. Now of course there's you know T I is here Oscar Mayer. Uh-huh. And there is a few factories. But I don't see much pollution going on. <SEP> Well you know what irks me is these cars that are driving down the road. Uh-huh. And you have that black smoke coming from their tail pipe. Well see they have that um what is it a test or something like that they call it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh that's supposed to cut down on it. Well. <SEP> Supposedly that's supposed to catch it. But I'll tell you what. And even these buses oh lord it real bad. These buses in Raleigh. Yeah. School buses and the commercial buses. Oh yeah. Yeah. <SEP> I mean school buses are notorious. Well they're burning that diesel fuel is what it is. Oh yeah. Yeah. And uh it it gets bad. <SEP> Well you know what they've started doing is is instead of the tail pipes being at the bottom of those buses they've started putting them up at the top. Uh-huh. And that way it gets above um other cars on the road. Well that's a good idea. <SEP> And uh it really does make a difference although it it settles you know. Even if it's at the top and it's a lot of black smoke coming out it still settles. And and you know if you're going to be jogging on the side of the road that's that's even more miserable. I would I'd have to go out to the country to jog. Well uh the you know pregnant women aren't supposed to walk along a highway because of that smoke fumes. No. I didn't know that. When I was pregnant with my first little boy I had read it. Because back then because I was walking back and forth toc-. Well not back and forth. I was walking home from uh the college I was going to in Kentucky. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I was having to walk along the highway. It was just one day a week. But it was in. I I have no sense of smell. So I couldn't smell this. But it would make me sick. And I'd be real tired anyway just from walking along the highway. Um. <SEP> Uh-huh. Golly that's that's bad. But. Yeah. It's. Yeah. All the exhaust. Uh. Well that was four years ago too. It's probably a lot worse now. <SEP> Oh I'm sure. Yeah. Well they um you can really feel it you know in your breathing even normal people. And if you're older um I mean you can really deplete your oxygen. And it'll you know pass out. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it's you know it's killed several people. Do you uh smoke? Um actually I'm a very I just smoke one in the evening if that. So I'm a very very light smoker. W- yeah. It's kind of l-. <SEP> It was kind of funny. They were doing some uh ozone testing and uh th- the E P A. And they were just screening some candidates. And I don't think I'd ever you know do that. But they uh asked me if I was a smoker. And I didn't fit into the smoker's category. And I didn't fit into the nonsmoker's category. Um. It was you know I was just one of those. Yeah. Because you do smoke one a day. Yeah. In between people. So that kind of threw them off. Um. Uh. <SEP> But they're doing a lot of research here uh the E P A. For the air pollution. For ozone and oh yeah all that. They're they're real big into it. They've got Research Triangle Park here. And they're you know they're just doing a lot of uh lot of stuff. Huh. But they. I don't hear much about it down here. Course Texas we don't have a bunch of c- pollution. <SEP> Huh-uh. But too we've got that air coming in off the coast. Oh uh-huh. And you know it'd blow it up north. <SEP> Uh-huh. So maybe that's part of the reason it's not so bad down here. Uh-huh. But no. It would seem like it would be the same way in on the California coastline wouldn't it? <SEP> Oh gosh I think I would hate to live in California the smog there. Uh-huh. I mean I can't believe they have warnings here which it it's mainly just when it gets real real hot. Uh-huh. But they usually have that everywhere because of the humidity especially. <SEP> Really? W- well that's kind of good to know. Because I thought lord I thought I lived in a halfway decent area. I think they do that for most everybody. Um. I- especially it's usually for the young children and the older the old people older old people. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well you ought to come to North Carolina. It's a big change. It is? <SEP> Yeah. There was no trees where I was from in Amarillo. And here they've got the mountains the beach the trees you know. It's they've got streams rivers ponds. Oh. <SEP> It's really pretty here. Oh well this is pretty wooded area down here. So. Is it? L- in a lot of parts. Yeah. I know Texas is supposed to be flat. But they've got you know down by the Denison Dam there's a lot of uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Sherman and Denison. Do you know my grandparents live in Durant? They do? <SEP> Yeah. They live close then. Yeah. Real close. I go there. In Durant Oklahoma? <SEP> Yeah. You go where? Uh. You go to visit them? Oh uh-huh. Oh. <SEP> Yeah. We used to go fishing in Lake Texoma. Yeah. Well down by Lake Texoma there's a bunch of wooded area. This. But but Kentucky's beautiful. They've got trees. And trees are supposed to you know purify. You know what the best indoor purifying plant is for smoke and stuff? Huh- huh-uh. It's a philodendron. <SEP> Oh really? It's supposed to filter the air for you in your home. Well I'm going to have to get some. I had one. My husband bought it for me when my daughter was born three months four months ago. <SEP> Uh-huh. Do you smoke? Yeah. I do. Do you? Yeah. I do. <SEP> Did you smoke when you when you were pregnant? Yeah. I did. I couldn't make myself quit. Well. I did cut down a lot. <SEP> I mean I can understand that actually. I got I I've got one vice. And smoke is smoking is it. Well. I don't I don't drink. And I try not to cuss. And I do I do very little. And smoking I just I got in the habit of it when I was about thirteen. <SEP> Yeah. Well one thing I miss is uh is the people from Texas are are you know. I miss their morals their values and everything. It's uh. Yeah. We're down here at the Bible belt aren't we? Uh I wasn't saved until I got down here. And people down here are just. There's so many Christians. And it's so different from Kentucky. But. Uh-huh. How'd you get involved in this research? Um I worked at T I for a while. But then my brother-in-law works there. And he got me into it. <SEP> Oh I see. Huh. How'd you get into it? Um I I was taking a voice I O class and um and actually doing some research. And so they told me about this project. Well it's fun. I like talking to new people. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I half the time well a couple of times I've been interrupted by my little girl. I've had to hang up and stuff. Uh-huh. But I enjoy it. I talked to people from well C- what Carolina now up in uh Boston and New York. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well Boston is New York isn't it? No. Uh no. Boston's above. Boston Massachusetts. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I've talked to people in New York. But I've talked to a lot of people in Texas. Because I guess it's because T I -s down here. Yeah. I've talked to a lot of people in Texas. I had one call f- actually from Charlotte North Carolina and Virginia and um. I can't remember where all. From up north like you said. I think one was from Boston. With Boston I love their accent. <SEP> I do. I love the Boston acc- accent. I met a girl from Boston one time. My husband was in the service. So we went from Kentucky to Louisiana down here to Texas. Uh-huh. And his family's down here. <SEP> Uh-huh. We're out of the service now. Oh I bet you're glad. Yeah. He got out of it his unit right after Panama. We went to Pana- he went to Panama when Noriega was doing all that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh gosh. And uh he.
sw3607.txt:So uh what kind of home repair work have you done? Well um done a little uh repair on the uh shingles on the roof recently. We've had a lot of wind around here. Been pulling them up huh or just loosening them until the rain came in? <SEP> Yes. It looks like I'm going to have to get up there again because we may have a leak. Are you in the section of Texas that's been getting so much rain? We've been getting quite a bit maybe not quite as bad as some of the folks down around San Antonio. But uh well I'm right. Plano's just north of Dallas. Oh okay. <SEP> And there are parts of downtown or near downtown Dallas that are under water right now I guess. I saw on the news. Yeah. But you're probably what about halfway across the state from San Antonio though aren't you? Well we're up uh we're north and uh oh about uh I don't know uh eighty to a hundred miles south of the Oklahoma line I guess. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Okay. But you're still getting a good bit of the rain though. Uh we did have a little bit of rain yesterday. So far we haven't had any today. And uh I suppose that means I should be uh getting up there to look at that uh shingle. But uh I had something else planned today. Yeah. <SEP> So I guess I'll let it go awhile. Yeah. Is it asphalt shingles. Or or. They're uh. No. They're uh wood shake. Ooh. That should be a lot of fun. <SEP> Yeah. Did you put them up originally or just going up and stopping leaks in them? No. I. Uh as a matter of fact we've never had a leak actually yet. Now this. We just bought the house last year. And uh uh just before we took possession of it we had a fellow go up there and do whatever needed to be done on the shingles. So I've just recently had to start looking at it myself. Yeah. <SEP> So it's a small problem so far. But I guess you just have to keep on top of it. What kind of roof do you have? Uh we're in uh campus apartment buildings with flat top uh. Oh then you don't have to do too much with it. Not too much. They're just tar and gravel treated flat top roofs. <SEP> Uh-huh. Have you got pretty well pitch on that roof or is it pretty steep? Oh it's pretty steep. Uh parts of it are steeper than others. What do you use to keep from sliding off that rascal? <SEP> Well uh you wear uh shoes with good traction and and and try to remember where you are at all times. Yeah. I imagine I imagine. And remember to yell Geronimo if all else fails. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. That would be just too much of a fall for me. Um have you been uh. Was was the house reasonably new. Or you been doing some remodeling work on it. It's actually just twelve years old now. That's pretty new house yet. <SEP> Yeah. It uh. This part of the country. Actually they say that when the house is uh fifteen it's already old. But just take good care of it. Yeah. Thing is. We've uh the main thing that we've had with this house recently has been some uh squirming I call it of the foundation. We're just on a concrete slab you know. Yeah. <SEP> But uh the soil right under this is a clay. And it uh. It's settling unevenly? Well it uh depending on its moisture content it either swells up or shrinks. And uh of course the soil right under the slab retains its moisture a lot longer. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so during the dry season you have to water the foundation to keep your foundation from uh from uh drooping. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh but anytime there's a change in the weather like the temperature drastic changes in temperature or in uh moisture uh you get little spider web cracks all around uh windows and doors. Well that sounds like a lot of fun. Well usually what you do is just wait until you think it's stopped. And then you patch them up. Um. What is it like uh stucco walls or. <SEP> Uh well this is all uh it's all drywall. Oh drywall. Uh I think with uh. Wood framing? <SEP> Yeah. Right. Okay. But uh somehow or other that does manage to uh show these little cracks. I don't know quite how that works. Maybe it isn't drywall. I don't really know. They plastered over drywall. <SEP> Yeah. I think it is. I remember my parents home is drywalled and then they uh almost like a small grade stucco type plastering over the drywall to give it a textured sort of a look. I expect that's what it is. Yeah. And made for kind of a hard shell on the on the drywall. <SEP> Yeah. I think that's the way this is done. Fortunately we haven't had any real big holes in it yet. So I. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. That would that would be in terribly terribly exasperating to have the the slab floor like that swelling and giving like that. Yes. Well the previous owner had a major problem with it because uh oh probably a variety of things. His neighbor used.
sw3514.txt:Okay. We're supposed to talk about vacations. Right. So uh well uh what kind of vacations do you like? Well uh I haven't been to many places. But I have a opportunity to go to uh Paris France uh with uh with my friend in April. She is her uh her family you know lives there. And she's only been there once. Her grandmother lives there. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I'm hoping to g- I'm praying I get to go. Uh. Oh that's great. Yeah. It's it will be probably the most exciting place I'll ever get to go. <SEP> Uh-huh. Have you ever been to uh like New Mexico? Uh no actually. Oh. <SEP> Why have you? I was curious. I was just wondering what it was like. Oh okay. No uh. I have been to Europe once and to Haiti and uh. Tahiti? <SEP> Yeah. Tahiti. Oh. No. No. Haiti. Oh Haiti. <SEP> Right. Where is that? It's uh well it's in the Caribbean. And it's the western half of an island. With the eastern half that's the Dominican Republic. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I was down there with a program from the college that I went to where we would just spend like three months in a foreign country most of them third world countries. And study the language and then do a little service project. Uh-huh. Um. <SEP> So yeah. That turned out to be a really good experience for me. So what did you do when you were in Europe? Uh well see I went there when I was in high school actually. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I mostly went to Germany and visited some friends of my family and uh hung out with them worked a bit on one of their farms and also went to a youth camp. What did you do on the farm? Uh uh uh well not that much. Just uh. Are you just kind of sight just kind of uh. <SEP> Right. I mean I wasn't a great asset to them or anything. But I you know drove a tractor helped them weed beets and that sort of thing. Um. <SEP> And uh yep. And I went to a youth camp that included working at an old people's home. And that was pretty interesting. And while I was there I visited my aunt and uncle who were uh staying for their vacation in France in Nantes which is on the west coast like right across from England. Um. Uh so uh where in France are you. Paris. <SEP> Right. Paris. Yeah. And uh um how long do you plan to be going for? Uh two weeks. Last time she stayed two months. But we're only going to stay two weeks. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. Great. And uh. We're going to take a cooking class there. So that might be fun. <SEP> A what? Cooking class you know. French cooking. Oh great. Yeah. <SEP> And uh what else are you planning to do if anything? Museums you know. Go to museums and. Uh-huh. Yeah um. Do you go to museums in Europe? <SEP> Uh actually no. I don't think I went to any of them. Uh the closest thing I did was go to some like uh restored castles and stuff. Um. That there is some on that west coast of France. And I went to a vineyard or two in Germany. Um that's neat. <SEP> Yeah. That was nice. Uh um but so uh. Hey. What about. Have you ever been to Hawaii? Uh no. I haven't. No? <SEP> Have you? No. Okay. <SEP> Well uh well. I'm wanting to go there. Where have you gone first? Oh g- where have I gone that's anywhere. <SEP> Yeah. I mean. Uh.
sw3320.txt:We're supposed to talk about crime in the city. Uh-huh. And uh seems like all big cities have plenty of that nowadays doesn't it? <SEP> Well uh I. That's. Sure. Uh I I think it's. S- st- statistics obviously vary greatly. I always thought of Dallas as being a fairly safe place. Well it is. But our crimes up here uh as I think it must be in most cities now. But uh I was listening to the news the other day. And they said they thought a lot of it the reason it was up so was because of the uh so many people are without work nowadays. Economy's so bad. Do you really believe that? I mean it it's been up every year for many years. And the economy hasn't been this bad for so long has it? <SEP> That's a good point. That's just what they quoted over the news. Yeah. I don't know if I believe that or not. But it it does seem up. And. <SEP> What kind of newspaper do you get down there? What kind? Yeah. Well we got a I think we got a pretty good newspaper. Uh we have two the MORNING NEWS and the uh TIMES HERALD. <SEP> Uh-huh. MORNING NEWS seems to have the largest circulation. I think it's a pretty good. It's a locally owned paper. Uh-huh. The HERALD is owned I think by the TIMES out of uh L A or somewhere. <SEP> Yes. But. D- do they do they play up the local crime angles. Or d- or do they. Well they don't. No. Not really uh. They don't play it up I don't think. Uh but there there is too much of it you know uh too many homes broken into. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. We had our our fact about uh. Last year sometime our home was broken into. <SEP> Really? We. So this is a topic of personal interest. Yeah. We uh uh. I didn't think ours ever would be burgled into burgled. But so many in our neighborhood had been. And uh because we live on a corner and back up to a real uh highly traveled main street. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. But uh we were so uh. <SEP> So so you saw this happening in your neighborhood. And you figured it wouldn't happen to you. Sort of yeah. And I never did get a security system. But since that happened I certainly have. Yeah. What kind of system do you have? It's uh uh I guess excuse me just a standard. Uh with the uh all the doors and the uh infrared thing you know motion detector. <SEP> Uh-huh. Pre- Pretty standard. Is Is this is this one with some company that that services you and takes your calls and all that stuff? <SEP> Yes. Yes. It's monitored and all that. <SEP> Yeah. And. Well is that a necessary feature to have somebody you know at the other end of the line. Or is it enough just to have a thing that makes loud noise? I think uh the thing that makes a lot of noise would would suffice. <SEP> Yeah. I really do. But uh this deal that was part of it for you know three years or so to pay the unit off or whatever. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh but it uh. The monitoring is not that bad though. Because uh uh we've goofed it up you know. Several times you'll hit the wrong key not intentionally or something. And and they call back pretty quickly. So I guess it's you know I think it's all right. But I. To answer your question I think uh uh I think uh that is a pretty good deterrent in itself. Yeah. Whether it. <SEP> S- s- so you got a sign up there that says you got this alarm system. Uh-huh. And what if a burglar comes along and cuts your phone line? Well it's got a back up system that doesn't work supposedly. Tha- uh that if it's cut supposedly it notifies them anyway. Supposedly. <SEP> How does it do that? Who knows you know. But that's a selling point. And I think they're probably I think it probably does these things or sur- supposedly pretty good. Uh-huh. Boy they sure advertise them you know so many of them nowadays. <SEP> Sure. But uh well don't don't you all have a pretty high crime rate up there? Well yeah uh. I'm not saying it's any higher than anybody else's. Down here we seem to. Or or not here. But the statistics seem to say that. I don't know. <SEP> I I think it's the murder capital of the country now. Is that right? Yes. I would gather probably from drugs. <SEP> Absolutely. And I think that's the reason it's so high everywhere. Yeah. But I don't think there's anyplace. Used to. Years ago you thought well these little small cities and all wouldn't have that problem. But they do. <SEP> Yeah. We've had relatives that their children were just as involved in it uh as anyone you know. S- s- so what's the solution? That's a good question. I don't know. I don't know what the solution is. I really don't. <SEP> And all these politicians make make hay over you know being anticrime. Yeah. But they haven't seemed to have changed anything. Yep. <SEP> Th-. And nothing seems to change. And uh I'm not sure that anything will because these if something could happen to make these people not want to buy it. Uh-huh. Uh but they want to buy it. So. <SEP> Yeah. Supply and demand. Long as somebody wants to buy it somebody going to provide it for them. So I don't know I don't got you know I don't know what the solution is. I really don't. Yeah. I don't think anyone does in fact. <SEP> Yeah. What.
sw3096.txt:Well uh ho- how do you view this whole subject? Are you uh one who feels like you have have benefited from the change in in roles in women? Or or what do you think? <SEP> Oh yeah. I. Yeah. I think so. Uh-huh. Yeah. There's been a lot of changes. I think there's still a lot to be made though. Yes. Oh yes. I think so. <SEP> Uh-huh. Are you uh are you someone who works outside your home. Or have you. Yeah. Yeah. I work for T I. Oh yes. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well uh have there been significant changes uh do you think in the employment place ex- especially uh say at T I. Uh-huh. Have has anything in particular changed that you have noticed? During your time there. <SEP> Uh. Uh I guess there's more women in uh what would be classified as a man's job. Yeah. Uh-huh. What what kind of work do you do? <SEP> I am a drafter. Uh-huh. I am in a man's job. Right. <SEP> But we have got more women in it now. Yes. Yes. There's a lot of us in it. Yes uh. <SEP> So. Yes. In years past I know in fact even even the word drafter has changed. Uh. Because it used to be they were draftsman. <SEP> Uh-huh. We have some engineers that still on their uh. The drawings that they mark up for us they put draftsman. Right. And I want to scratch it out and put drafter. But I thought well I am not going to do that. Maybe not huh. <SEP> Well uh I when I was in college. I graduated from college with my bachelor's degree in nineteen sixty-four. Uh-huh. And I was a math major which was a real rarity among women at that time. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. So I was in a lot of classes where uh there I was either the only girl or you know one of just a very few women in the class. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So that was a change. And uh even uh I did not uh use my math uh in my work. I I became a technical writer. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh even so there were very very few women in technical writing. Yeah. But that has changed a lot. <SEP> Oh yeah. In recent years it has just really really changed a lot. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And and I think that uh you know the one thing that I have seen is that more and more women are getting into management. <SEP> But I think they have got a long way to go. Oh definitely. Definitely. There was something on T V the other day that said that fewer than one or two percent of the heads of uh chairmen of the board chair- chair persons uh if you sa- if you will of the board are women in this country. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And I thought that you know that's pretty si- a pretty significantly small number. <SEP> Yeah. So there are some some strides to be made there. Yeah. Yeah. But uh I do not know. I I think we have come a long way actually when I think about you know when things were like even when I you know just when I was in high school and how it is now for girls. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. And uh uh I guess my I uh the one my one bad thing is that I am that I wish my mother had had some of those opportunities because I think she would have really she rea- would have succeeded in a lot of ways that men that women were not able to succeed in her generation. <SEP> Yeah. Do you. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Exactly. So anyway. Do you have children? No. Huh-uh. I was going to say do you have daughters. That's always a good question. <SEP> Do you? Yes. In fact I have a daughter who is in a a who just graduated in civil engineering from college. Oh wonderful. So she is pretty much although there were some other women in her class she was you know uh one of the minorities uh females in the class. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So she definitely entering into uh a male profession. Oh yeah. But uh But you know for instance there are there is the organization women the Society of Women Engineers. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. So that is recognized as uh you know a place where women should be. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But uh I do not know. I you see it in uh also in uh like in church uh where more and more women are becoming ministers. In uh you know in protestant congregations. <SEP> Oh yeah. And uh it will be interesting to see if if Roman Catholicism ever uh recognizes women in in the role of priest. I do- I do not know if you are Roman Catholic or you know what you know about that. <SEP> No. Huh-uh. Uh-huh. I am not either. But uh that is one area where it that I can see might change but I really doubt will change. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Not for a long time anyway. No. Probably not. Huh-uh. <SEP> So uh uh how about what in particular would you think that uh women still other than the work place where women still are being uh oh you know found wanting you know or not re- as highly regarded as men would be. Uh. I was just trying to think. Oh I know something. Uh-huh. Maybe you could te-. What do you think that what do you think tell me what you think about this. <SEP> Uh-huh. The uh the uh the role of women in combat roles during the war? Oh oh. Because I know that there now there they want the armed forces to recognize that women can serve in combat roles. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And the only uh branch in the armed fo- services that seems willing to do that is the Air Force. And uh I spoke because women were filing flying missions into you know for whatever reason into uh in the Persian Gulf war. Huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And so. But I know some of the other services do not think that women are capable of doing the job. It was real interesting. They were. I was listening to some of the comments on ra- television the other day uh about it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh one of one of the men who was a. I do not know if he was a general or you know what his rank was very high. Uh-huh. He said it's just a personal thing with me. I mean I can not be real you know I can not tell you why I feel this way. But I just would rather have uh a man doing some of these jobs than a woman. I thought well at least he was honest. But that does not sit very well with a lot of folks I am sure. <SEP> There's some men out there that are more feminine than most women. Yeah. Right. You know Neil well Neil as far as I am concerned and I could be wrong about this but the only one area where a woman could not do it is if she just physically did not have the strength to do something. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Uh because I would think I think you know mentally uh and emotionally I think women can handle a job and every bit as well. Oh I do too. So anyway it's still. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And you know if she wanted to go to combat I do not see that they should stop her. Sure. <SEP> I personally would not want to go. But. No. I would not either. No. I agree. But I am sure that there are women who would would relish that you know kind of job. Oh yeah. Yeah. So Uh I guess that should be taken into consideration as well. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So well this is an interesting topic. Um I have you know I have. Having a daughter who has gone into this into engineering I sort of watched progress to see if she did anything differently than I did. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. She's a lot more forthright about her opinions and a little more assertive than I think I was. <SEP> Good. So that's that's progress I guess. Yeah. Well I have enjoyed talking with you Lisa. And Uh have you talked with a lot of people in this project. <SEP> Well same here. Or. Well I am not a home at home a lot. Yeah. <SEP> I am at work right now. Oh yeah. I put my work number. But at home uh the recorder gets my calls. Oh yeah. <SEP> Usually I am not there. Right. But I probably talked to seven or eight people. Yeah. Well that's great. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's good. I personally have not made any calls yet myself. I just it never crosses my mind. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well. But I enjoy receiving them. Yeah. Well that's good. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. That's good. Because uh I I guess I placed all but one or two of my calls. And uh only because I going to make some money. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. See we our choir is doing this as a money ma- raising project. Uh-huh. We we got the connection through a T I uh church member. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh uh so we are doing it to raise money for uh a large project at church. Uh-huh. And uh so I feel like this is one way I can contribute that's not too painful. Financially painful anyway. <SEP> Yeah. That's wonderful. <SEP> It's just real nice that way. So uh I thought well I will just get on the stick and do it. Yeah. That's great. Well I will say good-bye to you. <SEP> Okay. But I have enjoyed the conversation. Well thanks for calling. Thank you. <SEP> Uh-huh. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3142.txt:Okay. Well I guess I enjoy eating out um uh here and there. Or it's it's a good change and a good change from cooking and eating at home. And I guess I like a variety of a variety of restaurants. Uh-huh. Uh sometimes it's fun to go out and just have a hamburger and french fries and and sort of a hamburger and french fry meal. And sometimes it's I enjoy it's I enjoy going out having a formal meal. <SEP> Yes. And uh sometimes it's nice to go out and have a salad. Uh-huh. Something you know. <SEP> Do you usually go out uh with the children or without them? Well a variety. I I like to go sometimes without them. And sometimes I sometimes it's okay to take them along. So. <SEP> Right. Sometimes I think we pay the baby-sitter as much as paying for their dinner or lunches. Yes. So uh it just you know it just varies. We do a mix. Sometimes it's really nice to be able to go out and eat with just my husband. And it wouldn't even really matter which restaurant it was just to you know have a moment of peace and quiet without little ones at the table. <SEP> Yes. Yes. So uh I guess I guess actually on those those times uh we even there are times I even say oh please don't sit us next to a table with other children. <SEP> Well. This is our night out. So but uh anyway where do you like to eat? <SEP> Uh well uh we don't have any children. So uh we tend to like to try all sorts of different things. And uh we're very attracted to exotic food. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh we like Indian food and Thai cuisine and uh sort of gourmet Mexican and uh things like that as well as Tex-Mex and Italian and uh Chinese and things and and things of that sort. Now yes. Of course we like to occasionally go out and get down and dirty with barbecue or hamburgers or something like that too. Right. And uh we probably go out one to two times a week. Right. <SEP> And uh uh we're pretty much regulars at an Italian local Italian restaurant. Oh which one do you like? Momo's. Oh okay. Well it's been a long time since we've been in there. But uh but it's good. There's an Italian restaurant over over by the mall over by uh Plano Parkway there. Pas-. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh is it Campari's or something? I've heard about it. I haven't been in there. Well it's good. I haven't my husband had been in there several times. And we went in there actually we went in there for lunch one day. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh their pastas were great. Tha- that's one of the things a good pasta means a lot to me. I I like different kinds of food. So when we go out I'm always looking for something other than the standard menu even if it's a Mexican Restaurant like something other than uh you know the standard tacos enchiladas tamales and fajitas now. <SEP> You're brave. Yes. Yes. And once in a while things backfire. I mean we've gone for Romanian food and Lebanese food and things like that. Oh God. <SEP> And I'm not fond of some of those things. But we'll try we'll try anything. Right. Ethiopian we've had Ethiopian. And uh not in Plano of course. No. I don't think so. <SEP> But we really we really do enjoy going out. And uh and um I'm pretty adventurous in cooking too which also occasionally backfires. Oh well. Even though traditional it can backfire. Yeah. I think we're supposed to say what will bring us back to a restaurant or or what attracts us to a restaurant. How do you usually find a a new restaurant? Uh well my husband's kind of the eth- he he's the ethnic fan. So he's. I don't know. You know what we read we read the uh D MAGAZINE. <SEP> Uh-huh. So do we. We we check that and uh the Friday section in the newspaper the pull out section there. Uh-huh. They often do ratings of restaurants. So. <SEP> Right. Uh we've uh we've usually we often save those and ventured out on from there uh just for something that had a high rating. Uh-huh. We have found uh a number of restaurants either through D and the Friday paper and sometimes the the OBSERVER. Which my husband usually picks up. And also through coupons. <SEP> Okay. When a new restaurant opens up they usually send out coupons. That's That's right. <SEP> And you know when they say you know buy one get one free. It's hard to resist. <SEP> So we'll go in. And very often we'll find a place that we like. And we'll stick with it. Once they give they no longer give coupons. We'll we'll uh we'll stay there. Oh good. Oh good. <SEP> But we've found probably half of our sort of regular restaurants through coupons and the other half through the through the newspaper reviews. Oh. Oh yeah. We I guess we we use the coupons too. That's true. That's true. <SEP> I mean it's wonderful particularly if you have more than two people and you've got say four or something like that. It's very expensive to go out to eat. Oh right. Right. So yeah. That that is really one of our. It's almost a hobby with us. Well I think that it's just that's ex-. <SEP> Sometimes I think going out to eat it's it's sort of a recreation. Yes. So uh just a just a change of pace from uh eating at home. <SEP> Yes. So uh anyway. I guess uh as far as as far as service when we go out gosh it's nice it's nice to have someone come and wait the table. And clear the table and. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh absolutely. <SEP> And do the dishes. Yeah. And do the dishes. And uh actually it's kind of nice to you know. I always. Uh a waitress or waiter that waits the table it's nice that they're attentive. But it's not nice when they're too attentive. Oh yes. So uh we've had experience with that too. So. <SEP> M- m- m- my sister who also lives here in Dallas uh tends to uh chat with waiters and waitresses and become their best friends during the course of dinner which drives me absolutely batty. Oh yeah. Well how we. But. It may it may help their tip may not huh. <SEP> What's your favorite restaurant? Gosh I guess just in Plano I Plano I like to go to Souper Salads. Uh-huh. Uh Chili's Chili's is always fine. <SEP> Sure. I guess if we go to Dallas into Dallas we like uh the Routh is it Routh Street Cafe. You know we've never been there. Well well you would like it. <SEP> And that's supposed to be wonderful. Um. You'd like it especially it you're adventuresome. <SEP> Uh-huh. It just we've we've taken people there several times. And uh they have a good they have a good choice of things that are very different sounding. I guess it's whether you call it Southwestern. But uh oh we had venison venison chili one time. Which was absolutely wonderful. Ooh. And then I guess it must be seasonal. And we've been back. Oh I guess it's in the winter season. Well they've never had it when we've been back. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. But uh well you ought to try that. It's it's it's very good. I would probably like that. One or two times in my life I've ever had venison I've loved it. But you know just it's just not. I don't know people who hunt. So. <SEP> Uh. No. That's that's supposed to be a wonderful place. W- uh uh uh here in Plano well we tend to go to Momo's a l- fairly often. And uh sometimes we'll go you know. We we also go to Chili's and uh Colter's Bar B Q. And and uh we go to lil- there is a little Thai place that's over on Park that we go to. My husband particularly likes that. We go into Dallas a lot and because we're both were from the Richardson North Dallas area up until fairly recently. <SEP> And uh we'll go down to uh Blue Mesa Grill Mexican food. And. Oh that's good. Yes. I've been there.
sw3798.txt:Well Michael what do you think about uh funding for AIDS research? Do you. Well uh uh that's something I've thought a lot about. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I I work in a hospital. Uh-huh. And I've worked in the hospital for fifteen years. And I've taken care of a few AIDS patients. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh when they asked us did did we want to uh keep it the same or uh spend more spend less I think uh I think right now what they're spending is adequate. Uh my for my personal opinion. Uh because I think it's something that's going to take them a while to come up with a uh vaccine for. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't think it's going to be that easy to come up with. Yeah. <SEP> Or I think they already would have by now you know. Uh-huh. And uh so I don't know if if spending a lot more money would really make any difference right now. I think they're doing the is as much research as they can possibly do you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh what about you? Well I guess I'm not too aware of how much they're spending right now. You know. I'm not either. <SEP> I'm definitely not aware of how much. Yeah. Uh that's something I've never really kept up with at all. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Uh I don't I'm not sure uh. I mean I. Go ahead. I know uh I've always thought more about the disease rather than the der- research. You know what I mean? Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And uh that sort of thing. Uh if if we were talking about the money uh I'd just have to say what they're spending is probably enough simply because I don't know that much about it. You know. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I mean I I can see that research is needed. And you know. Oh yeah. Definitely. <SEP> I think so. I think so. I mean it's becoming a major problem. Yeah. But uh. I guess the area that I think more about is I would like to see them focus on uh preventing it uh in more You know. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Well that's true. That's true because uh it's a such an easily preventable disease. Right. And I I feel like just saying uh safe sex is not the answer. <SEP> Uh. It's it's uh abstinence in certain cases. No. <SEP> It's definitely not. And. That's true. That's true. Yeah. <SEP> Uh. And knowing you know. Myself uh uh I'm just recently or about to get a divorce. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh course I'm not all ready to just run out there and start dating everybody I can or anything. Yeah. But it's sort of scary to find yourself single again you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh because you never know what's going to happen. You don't know who you're going to come across you know. Yeah. Course it's it's not that I'm wanting to I'm not going to want to go and have sex with everybody I see. Uh-huh. <SEP> But it's something you got to think about these days. Yeah. A single person. You know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I mean it certainly changed my attitude about that in a hurry. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> And uh. I think for a lot of people it has. Certainly. So. <SEP> Yeah. So. But uh uh I know that uh in some of these larger cities they're passing out free syringes and all of that sort of thing to prevent you know so that uh the drug addicts won't be getting dirty needles and everything. Uh-huh. <SEP> Drug addicts. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And uh I don't know. I don't think that's a bad idea. Uh-huh. <SEP> I know it uh sort of doesn't address the problem of drug addiction. Yeah. It just sort of keeps that going. Yeah. <SEP> But uh I don't know. At least drug addiction can be treated whereas AIDS so far can not be. You know. Uh-huh. So I don't know. That I think that's. I'm not too a- much against the the passing out of the free syringes myself. Uh-huh. <SEP> I don't know. What do you think about that? Well yeah. Boy that's a hard issue. It It really is. <SEP> It really is. It really is. They gave us a hard topic. Yeah. I mean I I definitely think that it's the drug problem that needs to be addressed. But as you say uh people I mean in the meantime. Well someone who's not ready to give up drugs uh You know. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's true. <SEP> That's true. If they're perp- perpetrating the AIDS problem passing that on to each other then you know. Yeah. <SEP> You know I guess if you consider the two problems drug addiction and AIDS AIDS would have to come first I guess as far as something to to do about it. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. So so I don't know. Uh course there's so many things in the world where if you solve one problem you may be creating another you know. Yeah. <SEP> And uh so I guess you just have to take the two problems and see which is worse. Which is the most important to solve at the time. Yeah. And. Uh-huh. <SEP> I don't know. Yeah. But uh but I've never looked into how much money they're spending. I have I have no idea. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I know a lot of our tax money goes to that. Yeah. But uh I really have never looked into it. I have no idea. Yeah. I haven't either. I've heard you know uh different voices speaking up and saying we're not spending enough. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And Mostly that's what I've heard. <SEP> Right. Sure. So I don't know. Yeah. And yet I know it's uh it sounds like big money to me. <SEP> Yeah. But it probably takes a lot. I think it is. <SEP> I think it is. Yeah. It does every. So. <SEP> It seems to take more than uh for any little thing they do. It seems to take a lot more money that you would think it would. You know. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> But uh. Did you have any fear working in the hospital with that. That's one thing I've never really feared. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh uh I. A lot of the my family you know they fear me working like that and under some some of those conditions. But uh uh I don't fear it at all. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I work in in the operating room a lot. Uh-huh. And uh and of course when w-.
sw2439.txt:Okay. So what kind of cars are you looking at? Well we've uh we've we've test driven the Oldsmobile Delta Eighty-eight and a Cutlass Supreme and a used Cadillac about three or four years old because uh I get married in a couple of weeks. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I have two kids. And my fiancee has two kids. Uh-huh. <SEP> So we need a car that's big enough for six. Yeah. And so we went I guess it was two weekends ago we went uh car shopping and looked around. Uh-huh. <SEP> We found something interesting at Crest Oldsmobile Cadillac up there on Central Expressway. Uh-huh. That uh in addition to getting a new car there they can get you a car that's new. But it's been uh a demonstrator model for two or three thousand dollars even cheaper than the best deal they can give you for a new car. Oh okay. <SEP> Uh-huh. So they call this program cars. And they come with a new car warranty. <SEP> And it just seems to make sense to me to get the most car for your money to get something like that. Right. That's a real good deal. In fact my dad recently got a um a Pontiac uh believe six thousand. Uh-huh. And he got a demo. <SEP> Okay. And it's been a real good car. Yeah. And it's it's like new. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it only had had very very low mileage on it. Sure. And so I think he got a real good deal. Of course they're fully loaded usually. <SEP> Oh yeah. So it's I think it's a pretty good option. Yeah. I think so too. Are the uh Oldsmobiles that you're looking at are they the demos. Or they used. Are they new. <SEP> Well the ones that we were test driving were the uh were the new ones there. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well now uh now they may be the demonstrator models that the sales reps drive around in. Uh-huh. And then the Cadillac is is definitely a used car. Or. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. The guy said it'd been on the lot about thirty minutes. He says it'll probably be gone in a done. And it's probably gone by now. Oh no. <SEP> Those things go fast. Uh-huh. Uh of course we're not we can't consider getting a brand new Cadillac because those are twenty-five to thirty thousand dollars. Yeah. <SEP> But when they're three years old they're. The price already drops in half. Uh-huh. So then it becomes uh more realistic. Right. That's what I'm thinking about on my next car is do I want to get another brand new car because last two cars are brand new. <SEP> Uh-huh. Or do I look for a used car that's maybe two three years old that but that's you know low mileage and in good shape. Yeah. But I just I kind of worry about getting a car that's that new with low mileage on it because you wonder why did the person that owned it want to get rid of it. Is it a lemon. Or or is something wrong with it. <SEP> That's right. But I guess that's a risk you have to take. That's right. <SEP> Well you can reduce that risk by uh having the car checked out. I mean you know if you're going to look at fifty different cars you don't want to do this. Uh-huh. But if you've narrowed it down to one or two you can have the car uh uh checked at uh an independent service station and have them go through it from top to bottom and tell you if they can find anything wrong because they don't have any financial interest in it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> And then you'll have a realistic assessment of what you're getting. Uh-huh. About how much do they charge to do something like that. Do you know? Oh I'm thinking around twenty or twenty-five dollars. Yeah. That's not bad. <SEP> No. Huh-uh. It'd be well worth it if you're considering buying a car. To find out. I would I would think so. <SEP> I would think so. Yeah. Yeah. Well it's kind of hard for me to talk about buying cars because I just got mine paid off about a month ago. And I. Isn't that a good feeling. Yes. I don't want to think about buying a car for a while. I just want to enjoy not having any car payments for a while and enjoy watching my savings account get larger and uh you know hang on to the one I've got for a few years because it's it's it's almost four years old. <SEP> That's right. But it's still in great shape. I have a Mazda R X seven. Well what you can do is take your car payment and put it in the bank for three or four years. Uh-huh. <SEP> And when you're ready to get another car just pay cash for it. Yeah. I just about could really because I think my car. Yeah. If I continue taking good care of it it's going to hold a pretty good resale value. <SEP> Oh yeah. And uh if I consider going the used car route and save up some money I shouldn't have too much trouble at all. Yeah. I I would think that's true. Could you hold on for just a moment? <SEP> Sure. Okay. I'm on a cordless phone. And I was picking up uh some background noise. So I just switched the channel up on it. I didn't want to interfere with whatever they're trying to record. Right. Right. That's fine. Anyway. But uh I really I really enjoy the car I have now. And I do want to hold onto it and and you know enjoy it while it's not having any mechanical problems whatsoever. <SEP> That's right. In fact it never has. That's right. And uh it's been kind of nice. And I surprisingly enough after four years I'm not tired of the car at all. And I want to hang on to it while it's still being a good car and while I'm not tired of it and while I'm single and can handle a two seater for now and get that out of my system. <SEP> Well. Yeah. <SEP> That's right. That's right. Because one of these days I'll be getting a six seater probably too. <SEP> Eventually. So. Yeah. The first two cars I ever bought well uh uh. I've bought three cars. And I've always bought them new. Uh-huh. <SEP> The first car I kept for thirteen and a half years and got a hundred and sixty-one thousand out of it. Wow. Uh-huh. <SEP> The second car I ever bought I drive to work now. That just turned ten years old. And I've got a hundred and twenty-two thousand miles on that. Uh-huh. So that that's kind of in the way I've done things is to get things that are new and then keep them forever. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh my car is using two quarts of oil a week now. Oh my gosh. About about a quart every hundred miles. Oh no. <SEP> So but uh it runs fine. All you hav-. It's just very thirsty. Yeah. If I just keep the oil in it seems to be okay. But you know that's a sign that I'm going to have to do something sooner or later. Right. What kind of car is it? <SEP> It's a a Buick Century. Uh-huh. Are you going to trade it in on this new one. Or. No. My fiance is selling uh a nineteen seventy-eight Cutlass Supreme that she has. It's actually in better condition than my car. Okay. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so she's going to get some money for that and take some money from the bank and then try to make as much down payment as possible to keep the monthly payment low. Uh-huh. <SEP> So she's going to sell it rather than trade it in. Yeah. That's probably the best thing. <SEP> You lose four to six hundred dollars a trade in. Or maybe more than that as I've learned. Oh really. Yeah. When I bought my R X seven I uh best offer I got for my other car was twenty-five hundred. Well I turned around and sold it myself for forty-two hundred. So. <SEP> Oh there you go. You can do much better. I'm glad you're you're taking care of it yourself. I I think trading it in they just use that as additional. They may give you supposedly a better deal on your new car you're buying. But they just are going to give you that much less for your trade in. Well that's fact. What I think. So. <SEP> I think you're right. But strangely enough the best off- I mean the best bargaining I had made with a dealer on my car was also the same place I got the best price trade in. Interesting. But it's a place in Arlington. And I think maybe as you get outside the Dallas area. I kind of. I bet you it's kind of what I decided. Well maybe because it's outside of Dallas they are giving a little bit better prices. Plus I was going through that T I fleet discount program. <SEP> Okay. Did did you use it at the car shop place. Well it's before they had that. Oh okay. I had gone over to Texins. And they had a little file where they said which dealers participated in the in the fleet program. <SEP> That's right. Yeah. And what you could expect they said you know a five percent over cost and then options at cost and everything. Right. <SEP> Right. So I figured out a price based on that. Yeah. That's good. But I I guess I got a pretty good deal because I went back to the Town North Mazda right off Central and offered them the same price as what I knew I was going to be able to get it for in Arlington. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. And they said there is no way you can get this car for that price especially if we add on the equalizer and the cruise control. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. He said You're going to get a car that's got flood damage or hail damage. And they just laughed at me. And I went the next morning to Arlington. And they gave it to me for that price. And what's so funny. They took the car they I knew they were going to pull it from Town North because that's where the white one was. <SEP> Is that right. And they had already told me We located one at Town North. So it was that same car. My gosh. Yeah. Well unless you're selling car with hail damage and flood damage I got the car off your lot for that price. <SEP> And you laughed all the way to the bank. Oh I did. And I laughed real hard when I took it in for the two thousand mile checkup. Uh-huh. And uh that they required you to do. And I took it to Town North. And sure enough I saw that guy. And he recognized me. <SEP> Yeah. He said Oh hi Dana. And he kind of looked down and saw that car. And I'm sure he probably knew what was going on the very next day. Yeah. Of course when the place in Arlington went and took the car because I told him there's a place in Arlington that's going to give it to me for that price. <SEP> That's right. He said No they're not. Yeah. And the next day they pulled the white car and took it to Arlington. So I'm sure he knew. <SEP> Such a deal. So I loved it. I sat there. And I just had the biggest grin on my face. I'll bet you did. It was kind of nice. <SEP> Well Dana it's been really interesting. I appreciate talking with you. Yeah. Good talking to you too Don. Okay. Have a good evening. Okay. Good luck in your car hunting. <SEP> Thank you much. Uh-huh. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3306.txt:Supposed to talk about boats. Have you got a boat? No. I don't. Do you? No. I don't. I I've had one for quite a few years. But I I've not had one the last couple of years. <SEP> Oh really? But it's something I've always enjoyed. Do you do you like boating? Yeah. I love them. Yeah. But uh my children all have been grown for a coup- few years. And we were using it less and less and less. So we decided to sell it. And. <SEP> Well I heard that's the second happiest day of your life. What's that? The day you sell your boat. Oh no. Now I loved having a boat. <SEP> I loved having it. No. No. I just heard that. That's just a joke I guess. Oh okay. <SEP> First best day is the day you get and the day you get rid of it. But I'd like to have one. Oh yeah. I just don't know if I'd have the time to use it. Yeah. Guy just you know. He needs his weekends free or to be able to use it or a day during the week or something. <SEP> Yeah. But but no. I guess for the cost of them you don't really. It's hard to get. I don't know. I felt like I got my money's worth out of mine. I had bought it used and kept it uh I don't know ten years and got within uh three hundred dollars of what when I sold it of what I'd paid for it and had it all those years you know. Uh-huh. So they hold their you take care of them they hold their value real well. <SEP> Really? So you know you couldn't complain about that. Did you go fishing? No. No. It was a uh big boat big ski boat type thing. <SEP> Oh okay. I had a hundred hundred sixty horse uh Murcruiser in it. Oh wow. Inboard outboard. Oh I did fish out of it occasionally. But I'm not too much of a fisherman. <SEP> Really? And uh but I but I did enjoy owning a boat. Yeah. I like to fish. Would recommend it to anybody. And uh uh but uh and now sailing I've never been sailing. Have you been sailing? <SEP> Uh yeah. I've sailed some. I just like uh fourteen foot Sunfish. Uh-huh. Nothing big. I've never tried. I've always thought I bet that would be more fun. But I'd want to be with a skilled sailor. <SEP> Yeah. Really. But it. Well they offer classes out at uh Ray Hubbard. Yeah. Well I I've always thought I'd like to. I've never wanted to bad enough to make any effort to do it you know. <SEP> Yeah. And at this stage of the game I'm not that interested in it anymore. Oh okay. We go out with friends on the. We go to the lake just about every weekend down at Mount Vernon. And parents' next door neighbors have a big barge. <SEP> Okay. And we go out and take them out on their barge. They're getting kind of old. And they like us to take them out on their barge quite often. So we we get out on the water occasionally you know. Oh that's nice. <SEP> Yeah. But uh uh anyway it's it's it's fun. I I do enjoy the lake. But uh once the children were grown. And we'd go down there. And I'd get the boat out on the you know Saturday. And we'd go for a ride and enjoy it so much. It's such a pretty lake down there. We'd enjoy it so much. And I'd say well I'm going to leave the boat out because uh we'll probably do this again tomorrow. It got to where the tomorrow the boat was still sitting there. And we never did go out again. And I'd have to go load it up the next day. And. Where is that? Uh Mount Vernon. <SEP> Yeah. Cypress Springs. Cypress Cr- Creek Springs. Okay. That's south of here? Yeah. It's down at Mount Vernon. <SEP> Okay. It's probably the prettiest lake in the state of Texas. Really? Yeah. It's just a hundred miles from here. <SEP> Huh. What do you take I Thirty-five? No. You go down I uh uh you uh you go down uh yeah thirty thirty. Thirty. It's east of here. <SEP> Oh okay. East of here. Hundred miles due east of here. All right. And uh. <SEP> Yeah. It just we just moved down here a couple years ago. So. Did you? Where did you all move from? Colorado Springs. Oh did you? <SEP> Yeah. How are you liking it? Oh we love it up there. Well good. <SEP> That's where I grew up. Yeah. So. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh we're we like it down here pretty good. Oh I think you'll like it better. But of course it's hard when you don't have any family around. Yeah. Especial- we got two kids that are under two. Yeah. <SEP> And it's kind of tough when my folks call and they want to see them. Uh-huh. Yes. It's hard on the f- your folks too. I know. They're all yours. And your wife's folks still live in Colorado? <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. So. Uh there are supposed to be uh some people f- moving down here from Colorado Springs for T I. <SEP> Oh really? Yeah. Supposed to be. Yeah. That's right. Uh. Do you work at T I? <SEP> I don't. No. Uh-huh. Uh a friend of mine's dad is was a program manager up there. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he just moved down here to Mc-. What do you. I guess it's. He's working in McKinney. Uh-huh. Yeah. I don't either. My wife does. Okay. But it's a good company. But anyway we're supposed to be talking about boats. So back to boats. <SEP> So tell me the last time you went for a boat ride. Well actually I went uh canoeing down the Brazos this weekend. Oh my gosh now that had to be that's boating. That had to have been fun. <SEP> It was fun. It was fun.
sw2107.txt:You said you have four cats? Yes. I have four cats. How old are they? <SEP> Well they range from let's see about a year and a half to nine years old. Oh gosh. Yes. I haven't had my oldest one quite nine years. I've had him probably five years. <SEP> Oh okay. You get so attached to them. Oh yes. I love my cats. I lost one one time uh. Oh. The first one I got. He jumped off the balcony actually of a second story apartment. <SEP> Oh no. And he'd never been outside like you know by himself outside. Uh-huh. And it started raining. And I was hysterical. I was I was. I mean you would have thought a child had died. <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. I called everyone I knew. I had every friend I knew in the apartment searching for this cat. Yes. I understand. And they laughed at me. They thought that was so hysterical. <SEP> Oh no. I understand. We uh we've gone through the same things with ours. We've had you know they've been ill. I mean I take off work to take care of my cats you know. Oh yeah. My boss thinks I'm absolutely crazy. <SEP> And then we had a baby. And it's like all right who comes first the cat or the baby. The cat was here first. So. I know. It's hard. And and then when we go to sleep at night you know it's like my husband and I have to try to get any space on the bed because we have all four of them up there with us. Oh how funny. <SEP> It's like all right whose corners is this one. That's sweet. I have the two. The other two cats I have are outdoor cats. Oh uh-huh. And they didn't used to be actually. But they got kind of wild and weren't doing very well inside. So I put them outside once I got a house. And they're doing great out there. They love it. But the other one the first one I got he doesn't want anything to do with outside unless you're there. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. Other than that he gets scared to death. If you shut that door he goes into hiding. Oh no. I think it's from the time he jumped off the balcony. <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. That's it. And Lord knows what happened to him. He's probably been through all kinds of nightmares. Right. Traumatized for life here. Probably. <SEP> Oh yeah. We've. All four of ours are house cats. Are they. We started out with two with two outdoor cats. But our neighbor decided he didn't like cats and shot one of them. Oh no. <SEP> Oh well he lived through it. Oh I couldn't believe it. We went through like twenty-two hundred dollars worth of vet bills. Oh my gosh. The the cat almost died. And but he turned out to be such a wonderful cat. Oh he loves life now. Oh I imagine. <SEP> And he's like oh thank you so much. I wonder how many of his lives he missed when that happened. I know. We wondered about that. But uh oh that was a traumatic experience for us too. Oh I can imagine. What did he shoot him with. <SEP> Uh well uh from what we can tell it was a pellet gun. And then he started chasing him with a bull whip. Oh my gosh. People are crazy. Oh yes. Absolutely nuts. But uh luckily enough you know we found the cat in time and uh rushed him to the vet. And it took us about six weeks of in and out of the vet and surgery. And tod-. Oh Lord. <SEP> I mean he started off as a stray. And then we did all this for him. Oh man. But oh he's been a wonderful cat. I imagine. They usually are after something like that happens to them. It seems to mellow them or something. <SEP> Oh yes. But uh we wouldn't ha- we wouldn't have them. I mean I don't see us without pets without cats. No. There's just uh there's this they just fill this void. Oh yeah. I ke- I keep talking about getting rid of my outdoor cats because I feel like I don't I can't take care of them as well because they're outside. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it worries me that one day one of them won't come back. Yes. And I feel like they need a big home a nice place where someone can have the time to play with them and things. But I can't give them up. <SEP> Oh no. I just I go hysterical when they don't come home. Right. And you worry about oh who's taking care of them. Oh oh yeah. And every time you see one hit on the side of the road you say is that my cat. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you go crazy thinking it might be yours. Right. Well I didn't realize my husband was such a sucker for animals until I brought one home one night. We we- I had one that had we had we had to put to sleep he got so sick. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh well I fell in love with this uh it's a Chinchilla Persian and uh brought him home. Ugh !. And oh my husband just died. Really. <SEP> It was like we can't take it back. You've got we've got to keep it now. It's here now. We have to keep it. Yeah. My my first one that I got. I had just moved away from home and got my own apartment. It took me about two weeks to realize that was real lonely. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yes. So I found this one. And uh actually it was on a sign at Taco Bell drive-thru that said free kittens. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. And I thought well that's interesting. I'll call them. Right. And he was the only one left. And his mother had been killed coming back across the road to make sure she'd gotten all her kittens. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. And he was the last one she carried across you know. The whole big sad story. Oh. So of course I had to take him. I felt so sorry for him after that. <SEP> Right. Right. And he is uh you can tell he was weaned too young because he'll nurse on your ears and your fingers. Oh no. Yeah. He. I asked the vet why he did that. And he said he was probably weaned too young which he was because his mom was killed. So. <SEP> Yeah. But he is the lovingest cat. Everybody people who don't even like cats like him. Oh. He never meows. He he doesn't have any front claws. I had him declawed. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. But he doesn't bite anybody. He's just he's just kind of there real friendly and docile. Oh that's good. Oh we just uh just love them. They uh you know get to feeling so lovey and dovey. And they'll come up and just start kneading in our chest. And it's like oh your claws need trimming. Oh yeah. Yeah. We do we call that doing biscuits. <SEP> Oh yes. Yes. It looks like they're kneading bread. Oh it just drives us nuts. Oh I just love cats. I like dogs. They're okay. I had I had a dog when I lived at home. <SEP> Um yeah. But they're a lot more trouble than cats actually. They really are. The cats are so independent. And they have so much more personality than a dog. Oh yeah. They do. <SEP> And but oh they're so much fun to watch them play. Oh they are. I love it. It's so funny to get more than one cat together because it brings out their personalities. Yes. And they just act so funny. <SEP> Oh we've got. Well the two that were outside they're like brothers. I mean I've never seen two cats so close. Really. And uh they uh will get to playing chase through the house. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it is hysterical I mean. And then the other two cats will follow in pursuit. It's like this train. A train of cats running around. I mean it sounds like a train. We have wooden floors. And so it just sort of echoes through the house. Oh how funny. I can imagine. Yeah. I wouldn't give anything for my cats. I love them to death. <SEP> Oh no. They're just they're they're just uh they're wonderful uh. What are your cats' names. Uh we have uh Bonzo Bear Poindexter and Felix. Oh how sweet. <SEP> And what do you have. I have Xanadu and Precious and Rascal. Oh. Precious and Rascal are brother and sister. And they don't look a thing a like. Nothing. Precious is a medium hair yellow cat. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. And Rascal is a black and white short hair. Nothing. They don't look a thing a like. <SEP> Not a thing goodness gracious. And they came from the same litter and everything. We have uh uh tortoise which is a black and and orange. Oh. <SEP> And she's so ugly. So ugly she's cute. Right. Yes. Uh-huh. I mean you can't help but love her. She's she's the oldest one and but uh very possessive. Really. <SEP> I mean it's like nobody messes with her mamma. Oh. And uh I mean it comes bedtime. And she's right there. Is she the oldest one? <SEP> Yeah. She's the oldest. And she. Well in fact I got her when I moved out of the house also. Really. And so yeah. It's uh. Wouldn't have. I mean oh if something happens to her. Oh I know. It's like the end of the world. <SEP> It will be. I know that's how I am about Xanadu. Oh goodness. You get so attached to them. Oh definitely. <SEP> My mother has dogs. And I'm like no. Yeah. This is nothing like cats. You can walk a dog. And that's okay for weekend. But cats are good all the time. <SEP> Right. I'm so glad my husband is a cat person because if he was a dog person no it wouldn't have worked. It wouldn't have. No. That would be a problem. Oh that's one of the requirements I asked him. I said now you do like cats right. We don't li-. Have you seen those uh. Do you ever read COSMO. <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. There was cartoon in COSMO about a year or two ago. And it had this man sitting on a couch with his date. And there were cats hanging all over him. Hanging on his clothes you know. They had ripped him up. And the couch was ripped up and down at the bottom. He said of course I love cats. And they were just all over him and sitting on his head the whole nine yards. It was so funny. <SEP> Oh yeah. Oh the whole time I was pregnant they kept saying are you getting rid of your cats. Are you getting rid of your cats. You can't be pregnant and have cats. I'm like uh no no no. Watch me. Right. The child will learn to like cats. And deal with them. Definitely. <SEP> I'm sorry. We are not getting rid of the cats. Oh I wouldn't either. There'd be no way. The whole family was so disappointed. Oh really. Oh well. <SEP> Right. That's life. That's how life goes. Right uh. But yes. We just just love them to death. I know. I love mine too. Well it's been nice talking to you. <SEP> Well it was nice talking to you too. I enjoyed it. Me to. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.
sw3876.txt:Okay. So now what are your opinions on recycling? Well I definitely think that we need to start recycling. I think it has got to be an individual responsibility until. I think if we wait uh which is happening until somebody says we have to do it it is going to be to late. Yeah. <SEP> I have heard reports around here that the landfills will be full by the year two thousand. Yeah. I have heard that too. And that is not too far away. But I don't know how it is there. It is very difficult here even if you care like I do to do much. I take my paper. I can take plastic and paper bags back to the grocery store. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I can take plastic like milk cartons or if they have water in them. And there are some fire stations I can take newspapers to. And that is very inconvenient cause I have to wait until I have enough of them to make the trip worthwhile. Well see I started saving newspapers. And I would take a ton of them. Uh-huh. And uh that's I can't remember where I went to take them. But they wouldn't take them. <SEP> Yeah. It is real hard to find a spot. And then I don't know if you note even doing that the amount of trash we throw away is incredible. Bottles. Oh I know. Glass. That can not be it could be recycled. But there is no place to. There is no really recycling facilities. <SEP> No. We have a pilot program in Arlington going on I think in the north part of the city where they are have people people separate the garbage as the trash as they put it out. I think that is a good idea. And I think that is what it is going to have to come to. Where we are just forced to. Besides well like a law or whatever. An- that's how it is in New York isn't it. <SEP> Yeah. I think so. Just because they have to. You know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you get ticketed if you don't do it right. Right. Uh-huh. And I think it is going to come to that because some people will just not go to the. It's It's trouble for me to do what I do. Yeah. <SEP> I mean I am willing to do it. But. Plus you have to have a place to store all of it. Yeah. And see I live in an apartment. <SEP> Yeah. It is very difficult. Like our garage is always full of sacks of newspapers. And so I don't know. I think there needs to be more places. And also I have a real strong opinion. In Iowa the state I am from uh I believe it has gone up to a dollar now. Uh-huh. Every time you buy a container no matter what it is whether it is glass whether it's a beer can or a fifth of whiskey or a pop or whatever you pay ten cents for it. Yeah. <SEP> And then you take it back to the store. And you get it back. Uh so that way it kind of forces you to recycle. You are forced to. And uh you also don't see the litter there. People just. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> It makes it worthwhile to take it back. And I've just started drinking a new water called Clearly Canadian. I don't know if you've tried it. Yeah. I have seen them. And they have on the ba- it's five cents that they pay five cents. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it even shows the states that. That take them back. Yeah. Well on- some of them are five some are ten cents. I am looking at it right now. Is Texas one of them? <SEP> Texas is not one of them see. So I have to throw them away cause there is no place to take glass. Yeah. No. I don't think that there is enough being done. Now I work at J C PENNY at their corporate headquarters. Uh-huh. And we have a paper recycling program that uh is company wide. And I do the recycling for that. <SEP> Do they save like the paper they they use at the office paper. Yeah. Good. Because there is a lot of waste there isn't there. Yeah. And I know there is a lot of computer paper that you can't use. <SEP> Right. Right. But uh we use to have uh. I mean I don't even remember how much money that they've uh I mean the money that they've made from the recycling program. They have donated it to charities. <SEP> Right. I mean they have made a substantial amount of money from it. Yeah. <SEP> Something else I think we do can do is support companies that encourage. Like I have decided Downy Fabric Softener now has where you can buy a little carton. Yeah. You add wa-. Well I image everybody else will start doing that sooner or later. But I am going to stick with Downey because they were first. Yeah. <SEP> And I want them to have my business. And I think packaging could be done much better. There is so much plastic. But. Well I know. You see some of the stuff. And then when they come out with the new things you are like well why didn't you think of that before. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that it's just people have got to be aware. Unfortunately there are a lot of people that just don't care. And they don't want to think about it. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> And uh I just look at it I don't want my grandchildren looking at me and saying why didn't you do something. You know I want to feel like I at least tried. Yeah. And I don't know. It just may overwhelm us here when we run out of places to put it. Then we will be forced to. It may be too late. Do they not ever I mean I don't know that much. Do they not ever burn trash or anything like. <SEP> Very little. That's another thing that. See there were no. Then that's pollution. I know Amway. I use a couple of things from Amway that it says this is burnable material. Well that doesn't do me any good because I don't have any place to burn it. Yeah. I know. I guess you run into the pollution factor. <SEP> Yeah. And then just like the glass bottles that it says on the bottle I can get ten cents but not in Texas. Yeah. And there is no place I can take glass to. Uh. <SEP> So I still throw away a lot of glass. It is really sad. Yeah. And then the packaging thing really grips me. You buy some. And it's got a great big piece of cardboard and a great big piece of plastic.
sw2896.txt:What kind of painting are you planning to do? Well I have wallpaper in both of my bathrooms right now which is really pretty disgusting. Uh-huh. <SEP> And um it's a rent house. And I decided it's too expensive to rewallpaper. So I decided I'm going to paint. Uh-huh. And I've been buying some magazines and stuff and looking at different ways to paint. And I'm thinking about maybe sponge painting them. Either that or maybe rag rolling. To give it kind of a country look. Oh what would be interesting. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I've never done any of those fancy kinds of paint treatments. But they look very interesting. And you get some beautiful effects with them. <SEP> Yeah. Uh one of the books that I bought where it's d- describing the sponge painting said you can like layer different colors. And. Yes. Yeah. I've seen that done where there's uh oh. I saw one that was kind on an ecru undercoat. And then it had a little bit darker sort of peachy color. Uh-huh. And in between there was a sort of a rust uh put on very sparingly. <SEP> Ugh. And it gave the impression of very old weathered stucco. Yeah. Um what I what I'm trying to do is I've got yellow tile in both the bathrooms. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I want something that's going to tie that together. And I'm changing the like the towel racks and stuff the the fixtures out to make them wood. I'm going to put wood in there. Oh yeah. That should be nice. So it's going to have kind of a country look. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um and I haven't even decided as far as um what kind of paint to buy. I don't have an actual instruction book. So I'm really in kind of the beginning stages right now. Well uh. Um it's going to be a big experiment. Yeah. I was about to say you ought to experiment on at least a small part of it before you just tackle the whole thing. <SEP> Yeah. Because you might find that it's beyond uh what you're willing to put into it. Although I think it could turn out really nice. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I've. I haven't ever done fancy painting. But I sure did my share of just regular painting. Uh I've painted several houses inside. No-. I never painted the outside. Uh-huh. Inside. <SEP> What what kind of what kind of paint do you normally use? Well uh we used a latex uh wall paint and then a semigloss enamel for the woodwork. And my job was mostly the woodwork. Okay. Uh-huh. My husband would paint the walls and ceilings with the rollers. And I got to do all of the masking tape and then all of the little fine uh trim work where I'd use a small brush and uh try to keep the paint from dripping on the windows and things like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well we only have on- only one of our bathroom has a window in it. So I'm hoping that um it won't be too much of a a problem. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um I'm wondering if my bigger problem is getting the wallpaper taken down first. Because I I think. Well I was going to ask if you planned to paint over it or try to strip it. No. I'm I'm planning on taking it off. I have heard that they've got these steamers you can rent now which make it much easier to get wallpaper off. <SEP> Um. Um I tried to get wallpaper off once twenty years ago oh with a just a scraper and wet sponge. And it took forever. I would not recommend that method. Okay. Uh if if you can rent a steamer if it's modern wallpaper it should come off without too much trouble. <SEP> Well that's something that that's worthwhile checking into then. 'Cause I. If it's really old you don't know what it's put on with. It it's hard to tell. It's. The patterns look like they're nineteen sixties style. Yeah. <SEP> And I know the house um was built around the mid fifties. Uh-huh. So it may be the original wallpaper. Could be. Yeah. Um if it's vinyl it should be easier to strip too. If it's paper it will probably shred. <SEP> Um in one bathroom it's um it's probably paper uh. It's silver silver and yellow and white. Um uh-huh. Well the wallpaper that I was trying to remove was black. I- this was in a bathroom too. And the the tiles were sort of a mottled grey and had a little trim strip of maroon and white. And the the wallpaper in that bathroom had a black background. And then it had vivid uh almost neon colors of hot pink and turquoise and lime green and silver and uh a little bit of yellow that looked like coral sands and sea horses and things like that. <SEP> Um that's kind of an odd color for a bathroom. Oh it was awful. It was absolutely hideous. And and we had a dinner party before we started renovating it. And a a guest went in there. And he said it's a good thing I went to the bathroom before dinner because if I had had something to drink and went in there I would think I was having hallucinations. Really. Well I I've also been thinking about after looking at all these magazines um these design magazines and stuff I'm thinking about maybe painting the bedroom walls too in a color that will kind of um tie in our um our um our uh comforter with a color that's kind of a um burgundy and green and yellow and blue and beige floral design. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um and I'm not really quite sure. I don't know if maybe I'm biting off more than I can chew. Well I'd say tackle one project first and see how it goes. And if you discover you like it then you can always upscale. <SEP> Yeah. Well the bedroom would probably be the easier of the two because it would be just plain painting. Sure. It wouldn't be any kind of special um special effects type thing. Yeah. <SEP> It would be just plain paint. Well it's not hard to do if you get everything prepared ahead of time. Because if you uh use drop cloths to cover everything and you use masking tape to trim out uh all the parts that you don't want to slop over onto you don't have to be quite as precise about how you do it. And it can be done a whole lot faster. And with rollers and uh modern latex paints. Um okay. You can wash up easily because they're water soluble. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they dry fast. So you really don't have to be disrupted for more than about a weekend. If you have some help. Um. And then if that if you discover the little tricks and tips about you know how you get through corners and how you do trim and uh how long to leave the masking tape down because if you leave it too long and it dries it can flake when it when you pull it up. <SEP> It it peels the paint off when you take it off. Yeah. Well not. I- if you leave it on for weeks it will do that. If you take it up the next day it should be fine. You want it to get dry but not uh just real hard. Yeah. Okay. You don't want the gum on the back of the masking tape to get dried to hard. That's the problem. <SEP> Yeah. It will come up a lot easier if you don't wait too long. And I've I was told. I always used the nice wide masking tape. But I've heard from people who tried to get by and skimp on narrow masking tape that it was more trouble than it was worth. Because it it rips as you pull it off for one thing. Oh really. Okay. And then you end up tediously scraping these tiny little shreds of masking tape. <SEP> Um. And the whole point of using it is to save yourself work. You can do a little faster painting and much easier clean up if you use the masking tape. But use use good uh stuff and buy it at a paint store where they have the right brands that will go down and come up easily. Okay. <SEP> Well I really appreciate all the helpful tips. I think you are just made my project a lot easier. Well I wish you very good luck with it. And I will tell you that I have retired from the painting business. The last time I had something done was my kitchen cabinets. And I decided that was too much to tackle. I'd hire a professional. If you were if you were closer I'd I'd I'd tell you you could come over and supervise. Well if I were closer I might. Oh well I hope your project turns out great. And I really think that it's exciting that you're going to try the sponge painting. I think that could give it a really a. <SEP> Well we'll see how it goes. I may just be flat painting over it. Well of course that's the other advantage of paint. If you don't like it all you do is put on another coat. Yeah. I guess we'd better go because our time looks like it's about up. <SEP> Yeah. I I need to go to the dentist. So. Okay. Bye-bye. It's was nice talking to you Kathleen. Thank you. <SEP> Bye-bye.
sw3020.txt:So where was your last vacation? Uh actually my last vacation was in Connecticut. Uh we went home to visit family. Before that we were in Hawaii. Oh I I'd well actually I did visit Hawaii once. But I never made it off of Oahu which I've heard is not the nicest of the islands. <SEP> Oh. It wasn't actually. It. W- when we were in Oah- Oahu uh I couldn't wait to get off. <SEP> We we took a cruise. And we went to four different islands. And it was a really nice. Kauai was nice and Maui was nice. We had we had a great time. Uh-huh. We were there for ten days. Oh that's. Wow. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yes. So where have you been? Oh I've be- I've been lots of places. My last vacation was actually in Morocco I guess. We that one would count. Morocco. Really. Uh that was about a year and a half ago. And. <SEP> No kidding. An- what what did you just decide to go there. Or. Uh well my husband is French. And we were living in France at the time. Uh-huh. And we decided that I I've never been to Africa. And I needed to get that continent since I hadn't been there yet. <SEP> And it it's actually it's a fairly common vacation place for French people to go. And they speak French. And so uh you know in that sense is just a little bit easier. Uh-huh. And it just seemed like it would be a fun place to go. And So we we didn't really have enough time. <SEP> Yeah. Oh I'm sure it was wonderful. We had about a little bit less than two weeks. Uh-huh. And as always it don- it seems a bit uh rushed. We do a lot of traveling around. We rented a car and drove pretty much everywhere. <SEP> Was it hot? No. In fact some of the days we froze. It was. Really? Well we were there in the winter. In Jan- uh January or February I don't remember which. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I was born in Saudi Arabia. And uh when my father worked there we they used to travel quite a bit all around you know in in Europe and whatnot. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I was very young. So I don't remember that. And I was three when we moved back here. At wha- at excuse me at what age did you. <SEP> Oh that's too bad. Because. So I don't remember. But we have all these wonderful pictures of all these great places that they have been. Uh-huh. <SEP> And that I was when I was a baby. But so Morocco I think would be wonderful. Because that's you know that's that area of the world I think would be great. Yeah. It was a very interesting vacation. The only thing I didn't like was in some of the more touristy areas uh um the it would just be besieged by people wanting to be your guide. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you there were some places where people defini-. Yeah. There would be kids there that were excellent at ripping you off. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we had nothing taken because we knew. And we had things in inside pockets and in you know in jacket underneath a coat type of thing. Really. But. <SEP> We we found that in Jamaica. It was the same way that people would come up and try and sell you well try and sell drugs and things like that. Uh-huh. But they they were so destitute. And I guess they they make all their money on tourism. And and they would come up and ask you you know if if you want to buy different things. And really after awhile it really gets annoying. Yeah. <SEP> You know it it's a little scary too when they're coming up and they're all over you. The the worst place was in Marrakech. Uh-huh. And the other cities it wasn't nearly as bad. And a couple of them it was what we did in some of the other cities. And they tell you to do that is to hire a local guide. <SEP> Uh-huh. It doesn't matter who it is. And they keep everyone else away from you. Oh really. And it's worth it. And it's like ten dollars a day or something. And it's worth it just to keep everyone else away from badgering you. <SEP> Really. And you feel stupid doing that. But we did it. Uh-huh. And we were much happier. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you also get in to see things that you might not get into if you were alone uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well that's great. Where else have you been? Uh. Well you lived in France. Yes. <SEP> So you've been all through Europe. No. Actually I haven't been all through Europe like I haven't been to Italy yet. No. <SEP> Really. Uh we're going to go for a conference in September. And so hopefully we'll get to travel a little bit too. Uh-huh. Uh my more exciting spots have been. I've been to the Galapagos Islands. <SEP> Really? Uh-huh. That was one of the most wonderful vacations I've ever had. Lots of wildlife huh? Yeah. Yes. If you like wildlife it's a fabulous vacation. <SEP> Uh-huh. If you don't like wildlife it's probably not of interest. But it that was really really fabulous. And just the photos I have of it and gosh incredible and be so close. <SEP> Now when was that when were you there? Um August eighty-eight. Uh-huh. And then actually after there I went to um Hawaii. A lot of my travel has been sort of based around conferences or business meetings. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so I went to Hawaii and then to Australia and Japan and China. Uh-huh. <SEP> Did you go on the Barrier Re-. Did you see the Great Barrier Reef and and go snorkeling? I I actually I didn't go diving. Uh-huh. I I'm a diver. And so that's that's actually been another of my favorite vacations has been taking little diving trips. <SEP> Oh diving. Uh-huh. But uh. No. I didn't get to the Great Barrier Reef. I drove from Sidney down to Melbourne and over to Au- Adelaide. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's gorgeous absolutely gorgeous. The coastline was just incredible. It's huge. Is it really? Australia. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Uh but. Did you have shrimp? I've seen in you know. They they show all this wonderful seafood and and great big prawns you know the big shrimp. And. I don't remember if I had shrimp. <SEP> No? Didn't have shrimp there huh? I don't think so. I remember food. Oh I like that too. But uh in fact I didn't eat out that much there because I was traveling by myself in a car. It would have been I think much more fun to do it like in the van with a bunch of people. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But uh. <SEP> Oh you're adventurous. You went by yourself. Uh-huh. Really. And I was by myself in China too. <SEP> Really? Yeah. Oh wow. China was a little bit more uh of a challenge. But it it wasn't more of a challenge in a sense because I hired a guide all the time. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so I never you know got out by myself or not much. Uh-huh. Was it very expensive? No. Actually I paid about either a thousand dollars or a little bit. No. Maybe it was about a thousand dollars maybe a little bit less. I don't really remember for ten days including all my meals a guide a car the airfare. And but this is from Hong Kong. <SEP> You're kidding !. No kidding !. Uh-huh. Because I was already in Hong Kong. And um but it only cost you about a thousand dollars to go there. And I went to Beijing Shanghai Chengdu. And actually then I took a train up from Shanghai to a little Quingdao I think is the name of it. It's a little uh sort of getaway retreat village not far from Shanghai. It's just a train ride. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that. I had two internal one yeah two internal plane flights and a couple of other things. It was really. All for a thousand dollars? Uh-huh. <SEP> Wow !. That really surprises me. Around a thousand. I guess I relate it to to Japan where things are very expensive aren't they? Oh Japa- Japan's ridiculous. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And I stayed I didn't stay in the top of the line hotels. But I stayed in. They were all completely clean. Uh-huh. And you know they were newly built. And they were sort of the lower end of the top of the line hotels because they said you can't stay in the cheap stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. And you don't want to stay in the very very very exclusive because you don't really even get a flavor of the country if you're. Right. <SEP> Right. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Uh but. Yeah. That was. Tha- I highly recommend that way to go. If you're ever interested in going the route I dealt with this woman. Her name was Rita at China Tours in Boston. <SEP> Oh really. Yeah. Uh and a friend of mine who had gone for a business trip to China. And she just gave me this woman's name to contact. And it would really be fun I think ideally with like two couples because you have a car and a driver and a guide. Uh-huh. And then.
sw3086.txt:So do you have P C -s? I have a personal computer at home. It's an A T compatible. I don't use it very much any more. I used to use it quite a bit. Uh-huh. <SEP> I also have a P C at work that I use as a terminal. I do some P C stand alone work on it. And I can transfer data back and forth between the P C and the main frame. Uh-huh. What about you? Do you own a computer? Um well I sort of own a computer. We have two P C -s at home. But neither one do we really own. Um. <SEP> Are you leasing them? No. Both of them are sort of work related. And. Loaners from work? Yeah. That's the nicer way right. <SEP> Do you work for T I? No. No. Um I actually I'm doing consulting right now because I just had a baby. And my husband's working at Bell Labs. But he's really from France. And these computers actually are from France. What brand are they? One of them's a Compaq. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's a three eighty-six. I'm jealous. And the other is actually a I B M P C compatible. It's a three eighty-six. I guess it's twenty-five. Yeah. Three eight six twenty-five C maybe. I don't know. No we don't have the. We decided not to get the which is actually another loaner one too that we picked up for a consulting job that my husband was doing. And. <SEP> What kind of consulting do you do? Um well I actually do some work working at M I T and at NIST National Institute of Standards and Technology in Washington. Uh-huh. And then I worked for Dragon Systems for a while. <SEP> What kind of work do you do when you're consulting? Um well it depends. It's very different in the different places. But. Is it programming related? Yeah. Yeah. Program related research related. And I work in the speech field. And I do a lot metacoustic phonetics and looking at the acoustic characteristics of speech. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I do that type of stuff typically for other people. And we like here we use the P C -s to do that. Mostly I use it for writing papers and things like that. Word processing. Well more uh. Do you know Latek? Wo- Word text processing. <SEP> No I'm not familiar with that. So I don't I don't use I mean. You can call it word processing. But I don't usually use a word processor to do it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we don't have too much standard software. Like I haven't bought we haven't really bought any commercially available software at all. So we don't use it for things like our accounts and addresses and things like that. We use it more for just writing programs when we need to or um doing research looking at the speech signal and then doing writing and also as a just as a terminal. And we connect to other computers to read our net mail and things like that. So you've got you've got a modem in it then. Uh neither one has a modem. But we have a modem. <SEP> At home you have a modem that you can connect to each of them? Neither one. Right. <SEP> Uh and so it's an external modem. Yeah. We have. I got when I got mine I had an internal modem in it. Uh-huh. <SEP> I used it uh quite a bit when I was uh uh looking at uh information on a large bulletin board sponsored by a newspaper in a in Fort Worth. Uh-huh. But uh went out of town for a while. And and sort of got off the uh bulletin board and off of my micro completely. Uh-huh. <SEP> And after a while the modem started making noises on its own without uh even without using it on the computer. I could turn a computer on. It'd start squawking. So I finally opened up the box and took it out. So that was it. I think that's the thirty second warning. Oh I didn't hear it. Do you hear the the beep in the background. <SEP> Yes. Oh that's a an ambulance or something going on here I think. Okay. Where Where are you. I haven't ever noticed the thirty second warning actually. <SEP> And uh. In Manhattan. Are you at home now? Yeah. I'm at home. <SEP> So you've got a lot of traffic noise real close. Uh-huh. So it'd be interesting for the people that look at this signal I mean because there's a lot of background noise that you know people can hear. So it'll be interesting how much of it actually gets picked up. Um yeah. And often times that. I can't talk on th- can't do this much later than now between sort of like six five thirty and six thirty or something like that because the traffic outside they honk the horn so loud I can't even hear the phone call. What time is it now where you are? Uh about twenty after four. <SEP> So you're an hour ahead of where I am. I'm in Central Central time zone. Okay. Yeah. We're Eastern. And um what did did you ever try using like Prodigy or any of those systems? <SEP> No. I haven't done that. Uh I know someone who has. And and she's uh very uh pleased with it. She told me some of the things you can do. And it's just a a very handy tool to have. Uh-huh. Yeah. And you can do a l-. It makes things very convenient. You can save a lot of money too. Certainly cut down on long distance charges if you if that's what you have in mind. Uh-huh. Yeah. I've never tried using that. I don't know too much about it. What about. Have you did you use commercially available software. Or. <SEP> I have I have used Lotus. I have used uh Word Perfect. Uh-huh. Uh I. Not heavy use. I've used uh D Base. And uh I've used a substantial amount of shareware. Um I haven't done much Lotus work connected with my job. I've been through three classes. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I have a great deal of respect for it. Uh-huh. Um I haven't done much word processing work with my job. I do some. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I. And the D Base work I've done was strictly class related. I've never used D Base um. But I've heard both good things and bad things about it. Well it's probably the granddaddy of most uh data base management systems. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's got some pretty strong competitors. Some of them have reviews that are better than D Base. So I I think by now it's a matter of uh personal taste. Yeah. People told me that it was sort of cumbersome to use. I can understand that very easily. I've used I've had a class on um R Base and also in Paradox. Uh-huh. <SEP> And both of those seem very easy to use compared to D Base. Uh-huh. Do you think you D Base is more flexible or allows you to do more. Or do you think the others are pretty much compatible these days? Um I wouldn't say compatible but certainly comparable. But uh. <SEP> Yeah. I didn't mean compatible. I meant comparable. My brain is going to mush. Uh-huh. And what do you work on at T I? <SEP> I'm a computer programmer on the I B M main frames. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I do uh main- mainly business data processing. Uh-huh. I also handle production support for the systems in my area of responsibility. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um sometimes I get called late at night at home because there's a production problem. And that gives me the opportunity to uh come in to work and fix it if I can't think of some thing to tell the trouble shooter while we're on the phone. Right. <SEP> Um I also uh handle most of the calls from our users and other programmers who need to find out something connected.
sw3030.txt:Well hi. I guess uh I'll just start by saying that we entertain with uh a gourmet club here. Um which means that we have like eight eight people four couples. Uh-huh. And most of the husbands. This is really peculiar. Most of the husbands cook. <SEP> Great. I mean the wives during the day you know get I guess so burned out on cooking whatever they have to cook every day. Um you know they don't really care about gourmet stuff. But it was the guys that got together and did all this. <SEP> Oh that's nice. And um like my husband just he really really likes to cook in terms of um oh barbecue. And I mean all guys I think like to barbecue. I think it's caveman. Right. Right. I'm telling you. But um he really does cook. And it's a good thing because you know you can't you can't knock that. <SEP> No. But all these other guys do too. And so we've gotten together. And we just do these really elaborate gourmet meals. And it's really really kind of a neat thing to do. You. <SEP> How often do you meet? Well we try. I mean because you know everybody is so active with their kids and all that. It's like you know if we can do it once every six months we're doing well. Oh yes. Yes. Yeah. So I mean we originally started out you know when we were younger and didn't have so much stuff going on with the kids. Um. <SEP> Uh-huh. Then we would we tried to do it every other month. Yeah. But lately it's just been once every six months. <SEP> Oh. Well that's much more reasonable. I was involved in a a club like that for um that you know where we tried to really do gourmet uh meals. Yeah. And uh we we were a little bit too frequent I think. Oh. <SEP> I don't remember if we were once a month. Or anyway it was it was difficult. By the time we went around it was uh four couples. So uh by the time we got around uh to each of us and it was time again we were almost tired you know. Um partly because um wh- gourmet cooking is not particularly conducive for regular dining. Really. Really. It's too rich. Oh it is absolutely. <SEP> And so i- we found that while we enjoyed the evening we regretted it the next day. Yeah. Um so uh we we kind of. And then one of the couples uh moved. And so we sort of didn't didn't continue it. But um and I must admit that as you say when your children start taking up your time then you you don't have as much time for uh regular entertaining. But um uh uh when when we entertain I usually try to find something that will be um kind of h- good for everybody. And that's that sometimes means you can't do gourmet because depending on who your guests are. Right. <SEP> Oh yeah. Well yeah. That's true. And we have a gourmet friend that can't stand fish. So I mean he can get within. <SEP> Oh yeah. Well one of my friends doesn't eat any cheese at all. Oh my. Uh so that's a real problem because so many dishes require cheese. Oh yeah. <SEP> Uh well I take that back. Uh she can't eat some cream cheese. But that that really limits. It sure d-. Um. It makes you uh keep looking for recipes every time you have an eye out for something like. <SEP> Oh yeah. Right. Right. So we we try to keep all that in mind. But otherwise um I guess you know entertaining um. I I guess I have recipes. I um. But that's that's basically what we do is the gourmet. <SEP> Uh-huh. So you know they would be pretty elaborate. Yeah. Um but it's fun. I mean it took us four days to cook a stock and three days to make this stuff. <SEP> Oh wow. And you know you get all prepared. Yeah. But you're right. It's very very rich. And I'm glad we don't have it every. <SEP> Because it is it's a quite a treat. It really is. Yeah. Um. <SEP> Sounds wonderful. Right. But so you like food. And I just love the the community of food. I just think it's neat. Oh sure I do too. <SEP> Yeah. I just love sharing meals and and whatever you can do you know to do that. Right. I don't think you have to be you know more than hamburgers and hot dogs out in the backyard and the and the coleslaw and potato salad. <SEP> Right. Right. But but. <SEP> Sure. Well my um daughter is graduating uh Sunday. And so we're having a uh few people in Sunday afternoon. Oh. And I did a cop out on to it. I'm buying cold cuts. <SEP> Well I have to make a cake. What are you providing? And I have to make hors d'oeuvres. And I have to make dessert. So I figured for the main thing it's going to be sandwiches. Right. <SEP> Right. There you go. Uh so oh I'm buying the little tiny rolls and so on. But I can't do it you know working full-time. And it's just too much. I know. We're all not built like uh what what oh Martha Stewart you know. <SEP> Those people that try to do everything. Yeah. We all aren't Martha Stewart and have our coordinated glasses and tablecloths and and time to you know sh- t-. <SEP> Ugh. Wouldn't that be nice? Yeah. Shot a video of the whole thing. I don't know. <SEP> Yeah. Right. But it's it's really kind of a neat thing. I get a kick out of it. I I really do. Everything all parts of the food. I mean I love to make things from scratch you know. Making breads. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And and you know people really pretty much appreciate it. Oh they do. I- it's very difficult to purchase um items that are as good as what you can make yourself. Oh I think so. <SEP> Um in spite of uh. Or if you if you do buy it it's extremely expensive. In fact uh I just got back from a shopping trip to purch- purchase the cold cuts. And I I bought turkey and pastrami and and barbecued ham at a an Amish market near here. Oh. And I've never been there before. And found that there's uh individual vendors. Oh. <SEP> And the foods are wonderful. And one of the uh the um vendors had cakes. All sorts of wonderful cakes. Uh they fresh str- strawberry cheesecake now and and so on. Oh. And it's like thirteen fifty for a whole strawberry cheesecake. Um which is really not such a bad price. I decided I I just couldn't quite make myself um buy it because I do make cheesecake. And somehow I didn't want to do that because it. There you go. <SEP> But I was very tempted because it looked wonderful. And the- they had black forest cherry cake and all those things. Oh. That ar- but those are homemade. They are not um commercial bakery made. And in that they are made in their homes um. So it it's kind of interesting uh. It's out there if you want to pay the price. But. Oh it is. I mean we have bakeries around here that you know you you just gain weight going by the door you know just like that. <SEP> Right. Just smelling the air. Yeah. Right. But I don't know. I guess some of the best things I've ever had um I some of them were just hors d'oeuvres you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Doing little hors d'oeuvre things that I have a kick making that I mean you know. Yeah. I get off on strange little details of food I guess. But um gee we have so much going on here because you know this is Dallas. <SEP> Yeah. This is the southwest. This is you know chips and Picante sauce and anything hot. Uh-huh. You know you can always make it hotter and and lots of stuff like that you know. <SEP> Right. So. That's um a really good party time eating all that hot food. Yeah. And and they just love it you know down here. It just just you know. <SEP> We like hot food too. So. All the stuff that goes with that. So. Right. You don't sound like you're from Texas originally though. Oh I'm not. Thank you for noticing. <SEP> I'm from Chicago. I thought I thought that there was a slight difference in accent. And how I got. <SEP> Really. And how I got to Texas by way of Virginia I'm and everything is a long story. Right. <SEP> But. <SEP> I'll bet. Yeah. Did um do you have a favorite hors d'oeuvre recipe that's easy. Or is it always complicat-. Well absolutely. I. In fact it just came to mind um. And this.
sw3821.txt:Well credit cards. Yeah. I'll tell you what I I can't say a whole lot about credit cards because I uh tore mine up. <SEP> Is that right? I I know pe- I know some other people that have done that. Yeah. Uh I got in some problems with uh financial problems because of credit cards. So I uh basically just got rid of all of them. Um. I I have a a couple. I have a uh gas card that I that I use just for gas and you know uh one that I use just for emergencies. <SEP> Uh-huh. But. Uh-huh. Yeah. I h- I have we have some some friends that did the exactly the same thing. They uh you know they kind of overextended and borrowed and borrowed. And finally they realized that they were they were abusing them and weren't going to get out of the hole. And they just cut them all up except for for one they kept for emergencies. And they're still paying away to get out of debt. Yeah. <SEP> I know it. But no. I did just the opposite. I I guess I I sort of followed in my uh parents' footsteps. I have quite a few of them. I use them continually. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I uh I basically never charge anything I don't have the money in the bank to pay for. And uh and I always pay them off totally every month. Oh is that right? <SEP> Yeah. That's a that's a good policy. Yeah. And it you know I mean they they're just a convenience for me. I don't have to get cash out of the bank. And I don't have to to be writing checks. And and uh. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Uh sometimes I wish I had them. But in most cases I'm glad I don't because I you know unfortunately I I I don't have the control you have. Uh-huh. <SEP> I wish I did. But but I don't. Yeah. Uh and it you know it. I just don't want to get into that situation again. So we'll. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I mean it it's easy. I mean you don't have anything transferring just a little signature. So what you know. Oh that's it. See and that's. Even with my gas card you know I find that I'll go in to get some gas. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I'll end up buying you know candy and drinks and you know sweets and whatever. Right. And then at the end of the month I you know I get a bill. And I'm thinking what did I get that costs so much. <SEP> Surprising. <SEP> Yeah. And. Well you know but the. <SEP> I mean there are sort some inherent limits there. You're not going to you're not going to run up a few thousand dollars for that. Right. Yeah. That that's true. But I can I can under- certainly understand where. Now I. You know. <SEP> W-. The thing that probably helps me most doing that is really you know uh not so much discipline. I mean well I mean you have sort of a discipline in general about finances. But but I hate their their rates so badly I mean their interest rates so badly that I. Oh yeah. Isn't it. That's unbelievable. <SEP> How. Let me ask you this. How how old are you? I'm uh thirty-three. Thirty-three? <SEP> Thirty-two. Excuse me. Okay. You'll be thirty-three this year? <SEP> Yeah. You want to be thirty-two as long as you can huh. It's coming. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I I know what you mean about the interest rates. It's uh it's unbelievable. You know I just that just irritates me so much that that I refuse to pay them interest. And and my wife recently uh decided she had to go to Brazil and was going to take off. And she's from there and and uh didn't really have the money. Uh-huh. <SEP> But you know she could pay it off. And so I sort of reluctantly let her put it on credit cards. But she's paying it. And uh I just won't do it. I mean she's paying I don't know I don't know what per month you know forty fifty dollars per month in interest. Oh jeez. <SEP> And I just you know I just refuse to give it to them. If I need to borrow that kind of money I'll go to the bank. And uh. Yeah. And then you bet. <SEP> You know. That's. Uh yeah. I in fact I've I've even uh heard some people that have applied for credit cards with much less uh rates and have paid off their you know higher interest rate uh cards and just sent them back you know. Income. <SEP> Oh yeah. Right. <SEP> Right. Yeah. And I I guess there's some there's uh uh some negotiating there too. Because I heard uh. On one of the local talk shows here they had somebody on and and said what you can do is uh call you know. If you've got a pretty good rating uh credit rating you can call your in- you know your your card wherever you got your card from and tell them hey either drop my rates or drop my you know uh annual fees or I'll just go to somewhere else. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> High. I might. You know and if you've got if you've got a pretty good uh uh history with them they're more than willing to do that. <SEP> Um. Right. <SEP> Um I might try that because I I have one card that I've had for about uh I don't know nine or ten years. Yeah. In fact that's that's what this guy. You know he wrote a book on it. And he says that's you know he's tried it sev- with several of his cards. Uh-huh. And he's just told them you know I I can get this card from this bank at this rate. And yours is at you know eighteen or nineteen percent. <SEP> Right. It does not make sense for me to do that. And if you won't drop my rates I'll just go ahead and send you back your card. And I'll go somewhere else and get it. Yeah. For me the big thing you know is the uh uh is the annual fee. And I just refuse. I won't get any card now. I've I've got a good rating. And I've got you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I'm not going I'm not going to pay an annual fee. The only one I actually pay on is this one that I that the very first.
sw3445.txt:All right. I think that gets us off to discussing the topic for tonight. Which is movies. Correct? That is correct. <SEP> Okay. Are you a movie buff? Um yeah. I don't like going to see them in the theaters. But outside of that rent a lot. Watch them on T V mostly. Well I have a V C R. And I see most all of mine there. What have you seen recently that you enjoyed? <SEP> Uh I don't know um. Actually earlier tonight we were watching TO LIVE AND DIE IN L A. Have you seen that movie? No. I haven't. It's a kind of one of those psycho ones. Now I I live alone. Consequently I don't like these sa- psycho things. <SEP> Oh it's not too bad. One of those cop thrillers. But. Oh okay. Have you seen the mov-. If. Do you have a V C R? Yes. We do. Have you seen the movie CLASS ACTION with Gene Hackman? <SEP> Uh no. I haven't yet. I saw it this weekend. And it is uh to me an outstanding movie. I thoroughly enjoyed it. He is uh an attorney and his daughter is an attorney. And she has a suit against his company. You know it's one of those things. Yeah. That. But there's a lot of l-. Well it's just it's something that anyone can watch and enjoy. <SEP> He's a good actor though. Beg your pardon? Um Gene Hackman's a good actor. I think. Yes. He is. <SEP> Do you see HOOSIERS? Yes. I've seen HOOSIERS. Saw it just again the other night for. Yeah. Actually I we saw her just the other night too. Oh did you? <SEP> Yeah. It's one of our favorite movies. I I live with um a roommate and my girlfriend the three of us. We've seen that movie probably six times in the last six months. Have you seen the movie um CROSSING DELANCY? Yeah. Now that's one I have watched oh six or eight times. I always feel so good when I get through with that movie. <SEP> Yeah. I like those movies that you watch time and time again. I do too. DIRTY DANCING and CROSSING DELANCY are two of my favorite. So well what business are you in? I'm I'm an electrical engineer. Oh. In New Hampshire. All right. <SEP> I work in Massachusetts actually. Oh all right. Okay. So is everything going all right up there? Um it's only about um half an hour. I live wi- on the border. Oh well that's that bad then. Half an hour we do that just going to downtown Dallas. <SEP> That's right. So. See we live up in tax free New Hampshire and drive down to Massachusetts to work. That makes a lot of sense. <SEP> But um we. Are you a native of that part of the country? Yeah. I grew up in New Hampshire. It seems southern town. It's called Portsmouth. It's I don't know fifteen minutes from the Mass- border and five minutes from the main border. We live right in the corner. Oh. <SEP> That one little spot in New Hampshire we have ten miles of coastline. I live on one of tho- that little ten mile spot. Uh sounds wonderful. Did you have damage this year with hurricanes? Not up um where I live. But further down the coast in Massachusetts they got hit pretty bad. I happened to be in Nassau. And we got the backlash of that thing. And they had record high waves thirty year high waves come in there. And it was quite an experience. So. Well what movies are you looking forward to seeing now? <SEP> Um well I'm I'm only twenty-seven years old. So THE DOORS movie that's out on video. I want to watch that. Okay. Have you seen GREEN CARD? That would be pretty good. No. I haven't seen that one. That's a real warm movie. It it really just turned out nicely. So I would recommend that if you have a chance. <SEP> I'm in for it. We rent a lot of movies. So we we often sit around and say what movies should we rent? And we don't know. Well if you if you can get GREEN CARD go for it. <SEP> All right. We'll try that one. I have been working at uh as an accountant at the medical school here in Dallas. And I have watched uh GROSS ANATOMY. Have you seen that one? Yeah. I did. Okay. And I don't know. I can associate with some of the people in that movie because of the young students I see over at the medical school. But I hope you have a very Merry Christmas. <SEP> You too. I'm looking forward to it. I think we're going to have a white Christmas up here just like the song says. Well.
sw2105.txt:Real problem the last few days one of their uh young hopeless stars has apparently ruined his knee for this season. It was a catcher. Uh-huh. And they really don't have an excess of catchers. And it's really kind of kind of late to you know to start be trying to trade for somebody especially with the salary cap that the Rangers have. <SEP> Yeah. They're not the highest paying ball team around. Oh no. No. They're not are they. But I you know I would I would gladly take the salary of most of the guys I'll tell you. <SEP> Oh goodness. I would too. Even the bench warmer I would. Yeah. That's right. I really haven't been an active Ranger fan in several years. I used to go take my son you know. When he was in high school he enjoyed going to baseball games. Uh-huh. I'll have to admit I kind I kind of went more to see to see the other team a lot of times than I did the did the Rangers. <SEP> Uh yeah. But I think they're doing better. Well I do to uh. I have boys you know like eight and eleven. And we go quite often to watch the Rangers. Yeah. I can imagine. <SEP> I used to love to play baseball when I was a kid. Uh-huh. Oh yes. We're heavy into that too. I think it's more fun to play than it is to watch. <SEP> Oh I do too. Yeah. And I think uh what caught so many of our attentions last year was that Nolan Ryan you know. Yes. Oh of course. Of course. As a matter of fact I read in the sports page this morning. He just pitched his first uh exhibition game a day or so ago. <SEP> Uh-huh. And he pitched five uh yeah five full innings. That was almost unheard of for a pitcher to you know to start out that strong. Yeah. Yes. Uh-huh. No big deal you know. It's just part of a day's work. <SEP> Yeah. I know it. Yeah. Yeah. He's something else. He really is. He really is an you know. As far as predictions and stuff I really think the Rangers may come out real strong this year. They could do very well. They sure could. <SEP> They coul- because. I don't know. But last year I just figured they was under a lot of pressure because of all the publicity and everything. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Right. I really do. Yeah. They've got uh I guess all. Well all their players are signed now. Some of them are not too happy about it. But there there's no hold outs. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. At least that should help. So that should help. It sure should. Yeah. It should uh-huh. <SEP> But in a way I really do. And of course there's a few more you know I think are good ball teams also. Oh yeah. Sure. Like Oakland A's and the Giants. I really do. Sure. Sure. Uh-huh. Cincinnati. Yeah. There sure are. <SEP> I like to go watch the Giants when they come to Houston some times. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. That's right. But uh. I've never seen the Astros play. <SEP> Oh you haven't? Huh-uh. Oh I have a few times. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh they're a good ball team. That's right. They really are. They sure are. Wouldn't it be something to have a World Series between Da- the Rangers and the Astros. <SEP> Oh wouldn't it wouldn't it though. Boy. I tell you that would draw a crowd wouldn't it. Wouldn't it. It sure would. <SEP> Oh my goodness. We might actually get to go to a World Series huh. That's right. Wouldn't that be something. Oh yeah. It sure would. <SEP> That's something you dream about. Absolutely. But there are a lot of Ranger fans around. Oh there sure is. And uh that I mean they really are. Uh now Incavalia I don't know how familiar you are with him. But last year I was kind of thinking he sure did get in a slump. Yeah. <SEP> But they're saying this year their predictions is that he's really going to come out of it and be on top. Uh-huh. Yeah. Uh-huh. Boy. He's a bull isn't he? <SEP> Isn't he though. He really is gosh. He sure is. He either hits home run or strike out. Uh-huh. That's right. <SEP> There is not ever a in between for him. That's right. It's kind of like Babe Ruth. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. They were saying something about this may be his last year with the Rangers though. Apparently I think his contract is up after the end of this year. And they're not sure they're going to be able to sign him again. <SEP> To sign him again. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. That you know may or may not happen. Yeah. Oh you never know. That's right. It's a long way away. <SEP> That's sure ri-. If you offer them money I'm sure they'll they'll do a little bit of everything. That's right. That's right. Unfortunately the Rangers don't spread it around quite as big as some of the other teams do. <SEP> No. No. No like that Joe Hosago you know. Yeah. That's right. I mean oh. Is there going to be a ticket increase this year price do you know. <SEP> I hadn't heard. I haven't either. I I really haven't uh. The uh those Cowboys have increased their prices again this year. <SEP> Oh yeah. But I didn't know. I I don't think I've heard anything on the Rangers. Or I don't remember it if I have. Well I hadn't either. Yeah. <SEP> We hadn't you know. Like I said we. I don't even guess they've even thought about sending the schedules out yet. Yeah. I guess it's too early. Yeah. Because we usually get one. We usually order our tickets way in advance. Uh-huh. It's a good idea. Yeah. <SEP> We we try to go so often. Uh-huh. Yeah. If you have young young children you know they they get a kick out of it. Oh they do. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I've enjoyed talking to you. Well you too Lori. And we'll hopefully we'll get to talk again. Right. You take care. <SEP> Okay. Bye-bye. Okay. Bye-bye.
sw3074.txt:Yes um. I I think that Plano has really done a fantastic job. I mean at least their plans have are good. Um how- however I was. Maybe you saw in the paper this morning that um they've had some problems with the recycling on plastic. <SEP> With the plastic. Uh-huh. I thought that was most interesting. Well I just I thought it was sad that they it started out as a good program. But then people started dumping trash. And the wrong objects in there. Yeah. <SEP> Yes. And I and that concerned me that people were using it as a way to get rid of things they just didn't want to set at the curb or take to the dump. Yeah. <SEP> That's right. And and uh I it's too bad that people have to ruin a good part thing. Yeah. <SEP> I guess that's going to happen. Yeah. <SEP> A really good effort. That's right. Yeah. But uh. Well I was thinking about the other day um when I when Dick and I were oh many many years ago when we were first married and he was in graduate school in Missouri um I went oh. I was probably this was probably. See it have been like nineteen sixty-seven or sixty-eight um. We I went to a meeting. And uh one of the the speakers at the meeting was a woman who was recycling. And um she was from Saint Louis. <SEP> Um. And she had this fantastic um family effort in in recycling. And she was dividing her colored glass and her plastics and her aluminum. Oh. And I thought wow I mean how one person is doing that you know. But my my thought was it's a shame. I mean it's wonderful that she's doing it and it. But wouldn't it be mu- much nicer if we all did it. Because her effort would have really um really uh been a good example for all of us. And yet you know and we were just sort of talking about it at the time. And here we are you know. Now we're doing it on a city wide basis in in communities. <SEP> Doing it. So it's wonderful that we've come that far I think. But Um. What did she do with. If if she. Was she like a group that was doing it. <SEP> Or was she doing it on her own. And what did she do with the. I think she was. I was trying to remember. It seems to me that she was doing it on her own and living in Saint Louis. There were places where she could actually take her uh things herself uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so it wasn't you know something that was being picked up. Or um and I think she was encouraging other people to do it if they would. But I remember her saying yes I have a trash can for this and a trash can for that and a trash can for the other thing. And I thought wow that's that is wonderful that somebody does that. You you have to really want to do it though. Yeah. <SEP> This is. Even even what you recycle. Because we we do the the plastics and the and the aluminum and the glass and the paper. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> Yes. And um and of course then you know you try to buy right too. But Um a lot of our neighbors say well what you have to rinse out this and you have to make sure it's that and you have to. Sure you do. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. It's uh we we had neighbors that complained when we got the new garbage cans. Uh-huh. Isn't that amazing? <SEP> And I thought what are you complaining about when you're only going to get picked up once a month you know or once a week. Well you know. Yes. <SEP> And. People I don't know they find fault in everything rather than say this is a good effort. Rather than work with it. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I don't know. It's it's. I under- I know what you're saying. Kind of people like that. And Well sure it is. Well it's for everybody's benefit. <SEP> I mean it's it's not. So maybe we don't realize it in our lifetime. But we you have to think grandchildren and great grandchildren. Yep. And what kind of quality of life are you leaving them? Yeah. It's on down the line. <SEP> Right. And and the and I have a real concern about that. Yes. Yeah. <SEP> Uh. I agree. When. We've never had much trash. Because wh- while. I was raised in a big family. And and Gene's family wasn't big. Uh-huh. <SEP> But they weren't rich. Yeah. And they had to to recycle. Sure. <SEP> And and you know the fu-. Well they didn't. They just used things. They didn't throw things away before they were used up. Yeah. Right. <SEP> And. Yeah. Well I know um. I guess I got a good example from my mother. Because she was always very very conscientious about recycling things. And she is to this day. And you know I mean she'll even. Uh-huh. Um if she. For instance she she would take the waxed paper out of a cereal box and use that for you know when she made cookies. It would go on that. Or if she needed to wrap something for needed uh sandwich paper or something she'd use that. <SEP> Yeah. Right. She just she recycles everything. And I have done the same thing. I recycle like zip lock bags and things like that. <SEP> Right. My kids get the biggest kick out of that. Although they do the same thing. I mean they I think they give me a hard time. Right. But I think they know that that's it's the right way. <SEP> They've picked up the hab-. Well they do. And when they actually get out away from the home and have to do their own buying of things Th- and then they say well hey you know mom used to do this and dad used to do that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yes. And they appreciate how much it costs to do that. Yeah. <SEP> That's right. And pretty soon they're they're figuring out that's not such a bad way. To go. But. That's true yeah. <SEP> Well I don't know you know. I I wonder how how you instill in people the necessity for doing just a little bit extra to to make this whole thing work. I mean the extra like washing out bottles and jars or the extra of actually uh making sure that uh you take stuff over to you know. Some people are compl- now are complaining because the stuff isn't picked up at the curbside you know. And I think golly Moses you just do your part. You know people are not. You you you can't be waited on all your life and expect things to always ha- work ou- out. <SEP> Right. Well see this this is what concerns me. You. Over in Europe they don't have the kind of waste we do here. No. That's right. You you've got to be in a country. Even in in Mexico you don't see things thrown away like we do here. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> I mean what we throw away is is a ransom a king's ransom to most people. Yes. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I. And even to people in our country who scavenge for food. Yeah. And and and I I think you have to get into a period of need bef-. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. You can't tell a person that lives in a hundred two hundred three hundred thousand dollar house that have all that they need and all that they could want that they've got to be careful. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. No. <SEP> This is uh I this is why I thought Jimmy Carter was never very po- very pos-. Uh. Uh-huh. You know people didn't like him. <SEP> Because he tried to say turn off the lights conserve this do that. Yeah. Yeah. Right. <SEP> Do those little things. Yeah. And and uh the pe- I nobody wanted to hear it. That make a lot of difference. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It's I you know. And I think you're right though. It's. I think that it has to really hit home before the message sometimes. <SEP> Uh-huh. Or you have to grow up with it being im- important in your life um oh oh um before the message really takes hold sometimes. Uh-huh. And um I don't know. It's uh it's just really interesting to me how now more aware of things I am than I even myself than I used to be a few years ago. <SEP> Right. I mean like I I'd go to the um to the U T D um cafeteria for lunch sometimes. Uh-huh. And they use styrofoam plates when they wouldn't need to use styrofoam plates. <SEP> Um. Right. You know and I think to myself that's that's crazy. I wonder if you know maybe I need to bring that to someone's attention you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And and uh I'm seeing more and more of that. And and I think it's uh just McDonald's effort to reduce the number of of styrofoam uh boxes that they use for hamburgers and stuff. Right. I think is a good good example you know that even industry is willing to do it. <SEP> Huh. I I think the big question too we're looking at is would you be willing to pay more for a product so it can be recycled. Yeah. <SEP> Well I think that may that's kind of what it's coming to I'm sure. That's that's right. And and uh do we have to wait until all the landfills are full and there is nowhere else to put our garbage. Yeah. <SEP> Oh yeah. That's right. Yeah. <SEP> Or and I don't. With the mind set of the American public I think what they will do is start paying Mexico to take our trash. That isn't that isn't harmful. Uh-huh. Wow. That doesn't wouldn't surprise me. <SEP> Uh-huh. Or they will go dump it out in the middle of some ocean. Yeah. Yeah. Uh I know it. <SEP> That's the way we solve problems. And unfortunately. And it's sad.
sw3082.txt:Okay? Yes. Well this is a very timely topic inasmuch as we're going to a family reunion this weekend. <SEP> Oh are you really? Yeah. Where is it going to be? Down at Lake Texoma lodge. <SEP> Oh. Yes. This is one that's uh the Baker family reunion. Uh-huh. And this has been going on at least uh I would say at least twenty-five years or thirty something like that. <SEP> Oh that's marvelous. Maybe longer than that I'm going to get back into the fifties sometime. <SEP> Uh-huh. First time I I married into the family. And the first time I went was about fifty-seven I think. Uh-huh. But uh this one has been well organized. And in fact it used to be at Lake Brownwood. And now it's Lake Texoma because that's more central location for people from Oklahoma and Texas to come to. <SEP> Uh-huh. I'm sure location's really important as far as figuring out where one ought to be. Very important because uh you'll start losing people if it's too far to go. <SEP> Uh-huh. We have factions when it's one part. We I have one reunion on my mother's side. And we found that if it's in a certain part of Texas some people come. And if it's elsewhere other people come. Yeah. We never get them at both of them. Never get them at both places. <SEP> It seems like. So I think we need to find a new place. Right. Well listen they've uh they've had this one. Well it just. Of course over the years it has uh built up as far as the organization is concerned. Uh-huh. But now they uh have a golf tournament on the Saturday. <SEP> Um. And then they have generally a show or an auction or something on Saturday night to help raise funds to cover the costs of such. Oh that's a neat idea. Yeah. And uh everyone uh they get the community building there at Lake Texoma lodge. And everyone brings in food. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then for the Saturday night dinner they bring in like Kentucky Fried Chicken from Durant. And uh it really uh has worked out. Uh-huh. <SEP> How many people Jim are involved? Uh generally uh I think it's been as high as about a hundred and twenty people. Wow. I think normal's about sixty or seventy. <SEP> Yeah. Well I guess um ours probably isn't that big. Our family is dwindling for one thing. Oh. And I often feel funny because I'm in a branch that's all but died. Oh. <SEP> I just have one aunt and my family. So sometimes when these other families get together they're really pulling in aunts and uncles and grandkids. Yeah. And we're kind of off on the sidelines. But it does remind us that we have family and roots. Right. <SEP> So we keep going even though we're not a real big part of it. Yeah. Well our family start- reunion started out my wife. And I were the kids the newlyweds so to speak. Uh-huh. And now we go our children go. And our grandchildren are going now. <SEP> Oh that's great. So it's uh wound up that uh we're the old folks now. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But um they have various organized. They have generally a volleyball net set up and horseshoes uh to pitch. And they organize a baseball game for the kids. <SEP> Uh-huh. And several people bring boats. And there's a place they they take the kids up to the lodge and go swimming up there in the afternoon. So it it's a full day. So there's lots to do. Some of the people come down on Friday afternoon and spend the whole weekend. <SEP> Uh-huh. And some just come in for Saturday. Uh-huh. So it uh has worked out quite well. And it's a chance to see some of the relatives you don't see all year long except that once a year. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's true. Well that's neat. I think think they're really fun. We go to mine regularly. And then we go to my husband's occasionally down in Temple. And he has a large family. So it's it's fun when we go to that one. Yeah. My side of the family is from back in Ohio and West Virginia. And I think we've been to one in thirty-five years or something like that. So That's just too far away. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. Yeah. That that is a problem with the distance. The people that we have that don't come are out El Paso way. Yeah. <SEP> And it's just too much for all of them all of that group to travel. It's an all day drive just to get to this area. <SEP> Right. But then we have the same attitude when it's out there although this year we're going out. They're going to have it at Fort Davis. Yeah. <SEP> And we thought that would be fun to kind of tie it in as a vacation time as well as reunion. Yeah. Yeah. We have. Each year of course they elect officers of the family reunion. <SEP> Uh-huh. And a number of years ago back in the early eighties my wife was president. We discovered how much work it is just to organize and get it together. And it takes a lot of planning and assembling of stuff. Uh-huh. <SEP> And choose some place that everybody's going to like as far as food and all that. Right. <SEP> That's correct. That's a heavy burden. Yes. It is. I tell you. <SEP> I don't really care for her to be president again. No. But that is uh it's it's a lot of work. But it's a lot of fun. <SEP> Uh-huh. We've enjoyed it. And the grandkids really enjoy it because it's the only time of the year they see all their cousins from Oklahoma. Well I think. <SEP> Yeah. And it's it's good for kids to know that they have other family. Yeah. And this year they're all excited. The show this weekend. This weekend's going to be a rock and roll show. Oh boy. My two grandsons and one of their cousins are are going to dress up and lip sing to a rock song you know in jeans and t-shirts and such. <SEP> Oh what fun. Uh-huh. So it's uh it's going to be exciting for them and for us too. <SEP> Uh-huh. Probably lots of laughs. Oh yes. There have been some really wild shows put on there. They uh really get uh into it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well it sounds like you really have a good structure and have it going along. Ours ours is still kind of loosely organized. And the same people usually get stuck with doing it. Yeah. Well Oh that generally happens. And they do it as a labor of love. <SEP> Yeah. So the officer idea is a good idea. Yeah. Well we've uh had various things over the years uh to raise funds for it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And again it's not it's not cheap to rent the lodge up there or the meeting room down in the cabins and such. Yeah. But uh they've come up with. <SEP> Uh-huh. They've tried passing the hat. And they've had auctions and various things to raise funds. And uh some people do. Uh-huh. And some people don't. <SEP> Yeah. And it's not fair that everybody not contribute. Excuse me. But um anyway that's the family reunion story. Uh-huh. Okay. <SEP> Well thanks a lot I enjoyed talking to you. Bye. Been nice talking to you. Bye.
sw3441.txt:My T V down. Okay. I'm sorry. Uh invasions of privacy. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh what most annoys me are all sorts of phone calls trying to sell me things. Uh-huh. All sorts of hours calling and telling me that I want investment advise and I want this service and that service or the other thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yes. I hate those canned messages they put on my recorder. Um my sense is that something may just have been done about it by congressmen. Just what went into the. Something about the random dialers that just dial phone numbers. Uh-huh. <SEP> I guess in some cases they just consider pickup your your phone and and and not let you use your phone for a while whether you hang up on them or not. Uh-huh. Um but I thought I saw something about it having some kind of provision that people could specify that their phones were not for commercial using. And uh and uh people businesses would be prohibited uh from calling for pers- for for business selling you things. I have through the phone company uh. <SEP> I'm sure that's true. No nine hundred numbers can be dialed from my phone or received. Uh some of did too. I think I think government can do that now. Is that right? Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh especially with with possibly children around. Uh-huh. Uh that could could be useful protection. Right. Yes. And I don't have children around. But I just don't like those nine hundred numbers. So I've excluded those. <SEP> So uh I used to deal with. But isn't it does not stop you from the uh dialing services. What are dialing services? Where they uh intend to sell you things. <SEP> Oh oh where people just just call you. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And leave again that canned message on the. And you know and then what those problems has been eliminated. Those problems used to be when I used a credit card they'd want to have my phone number. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I did not like giving it out. I gave out my work number. Right. <SEP> But I think I'm not sure if it's by law just. Otherwise I think the practice has basically been eliminated asking for a phone number. Well that's the thing I hated too about uh Radio Shack. How did Radio Shack work? If you go in and buy anything they want your phone number. And I don't think they're going to call me and ask me how it's functioning. And and I don't give that out. I have an unlisted number. So I don't. <SEP> Yes. That's that's that's one solution. But you you you nonetheless often get get people calling you? Sure. Despite the fact that your number is unlisted? Uh-huh. <SEP> And you actually have your number. Or are they just calling a number that happens to be yours? Well anything that you buy um you ca- you may get put on the a uh preferred list that is purchased. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And and companies can purchase this list. And what that is is people who buy from the mail. Yeah. And they have a whole list of addresses and list of phone numbers. Uh-huh. <SEP> I'll be thinking in mind the address is. Um is there anything you can do about that like give out a phony phone number? Uh no. Not really. Um no. Uh some of that unfortunately is legal. So they can't stop people from uh advertising. And that and that's what it falls under. It falls under the guise of advertising. So I don't care for it. But is it a legal uh solution for some companies. So that that's the way things are. <SEP> Huh. Yeah. I don't know. I think it's gotten much worse the last few years. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Maybe that's just because I've gotten on more lists. Well they you know. That's that's the telephone is not the only invasion of privacy. You've got the holy rollers. And you've got uh all kinds of people knocking on your door and who want to uh either direct you to the right path or or want to uh sell you uh paper routes uh whatever. So um you know it's not just the telephone. <SEP> Yeah. Sell you magazines. Uh-huh. I guess whatever is. I just don't give.
sw2111.txt:Our community doesn't really have any organized recycling drive. Where do you live? I live in San Antonio. <SEP> San Antonio !. Uh-huh. Well uh I live in Garland. And we're just beginning to. We we just built a real big recycling center that recycles everything imaginable. Uh-huh. <SEP> But as far as uh trash pick up and stuff that a lot of the communities are doing they're testing that. Uh-huh. So they're really not full full force into it. But they're trying. So we're attempting it. But I wish we could do more. Yeah. There's there's been no emphasis on recycling at all in San Antonio. I used to work for the power company here. And there was discussion for a while about uh building a garbage burning uh electric generation plant. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it just wasn't cost effective at the time. Oh. And there's there's a little recycling trucks and things throughout the city. But there isn't any uh advertising campaign. There's just not any push to recycle. <SEP> Huh. I recycle my newspapers and uh alumi- my aluminum stuff. Right. That's what I do. But uh they make it as hard as possible. It's not very convenient to do. <SEP> Right. When they put centers and stuff like that. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well we have those uh which I think is one of the best things is those cash for cans. I don't know if you all have those things around. Yes. <SEP> And I really like that because that makes it real convenient because they're in almost every shopping center. And you can just stop by. Now everything else like the tra- uh paper and plastic and stuff you still have to go to the centers. But but for aluminum that's real nice. Uh-huh. And I started doing that at work. Um I put out a a trash can and and for people to put their aluminum cans in. Uh-huh. <SEP> And that's really helped a lot. I mean everybody's pitched in. And you know it doesn't bother them to walk little bit farther put their aluminum in a can rather than just throwing it in their trash can. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> So I really I really like that. But people are really concerned. It's just that sometimes it's not the right people which is really really sad because I wish we would do more. Yeah. At work we started uh all the recycling stuff. They're really trying. I think what started it at work was that planet earth thing we had last year. Yes. <SEP> And uh that really started a lot of stuff off. But you know sometimes it dwindles down. Yeah. Where I work now we recycle all the computer paper. That's good. But that's about the extent of it. <SEP> Well that's uh. At least you're trying something. Yeah. Yeah. It's just yeah. It would be nice if it could be more. And I'm sure that the uh driving factor for recycling the computer paper is that we get paid to do so. <SEP> Oh do you really. We sell the paper back to the uh to a paper manufacturing company. Well that's a neat idea. Well it it defrays the cost of buying the paper I think. I. Not by much but it does defray it some. <SEP> Right. Enough to make it worth our while to have several bins through out the building. Well that's that's really good. I mean at least they're trying. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I know a lot of companies that waste so much that. I'm even trying. You know that was one thing we noticed last week that we had some new people move into our building. And you know the nice cardboard boxes that you move packing boxes. And they were just used one time and thrown in the dumpster. Yes. And I thought I don't understand this you know. Yeah. <SEP> We're trying to cut cost and everything like that and and recycle and all that stuff. And and here we are wasting. And I don't understand sometimes the way the thinking the logic behind it. Well the last time uh someone moved offices in my building. And uh the uh properties people came in with all with the good cardboard boxes. Not the cheap ones of course. And packed everything up and moved them and left them lying around. Uh-huh. I I took several home because I'm moving pretty soon. And they're good boxes. <SEP> That's exactly what I did. And they were just going to throw them away. Exactly what I did exactly. Yeah. <SEP> Because I didn't want to waste that. Huh-uh. And it's hard enough to find good packing boxes. Right. And and these boxes are. You can unfold them. <SEP> Right. So you know there they don't take up much storage space. Exactly right. Well that's very good. Yeah. Yeah. I I felt a little guilty about taking the boxes for about two seconds until I realized they would be thrown away. So. <SEP> Right. Right. I thought well I was doing them a favor by taking them. I found about five uh about nine of them that had not even been folded into boxes that were in the dumpsters. Yeah. <SEP> Oh gosh. So many people need so many people go to the grocery store and stuff and get those boxes when you know these are perfect. Uh-huh. So. Yeah. The ones at the grocery store half the time they've pulled the lid off. So you can't use it anyway. <SEP> Right. Right. Right. Those. And the real sturdy boxes that copy room paper comes in with the nice lids. Those get thrown away. Uh-huh. Right. And I am constantly scouting out the copy room for those boxes. <SEP> That's exactly what I do. Those are perfect boxes to put files in. Uh-huh. They're good for storage and stuff like that. That's what I do with a lot of my daughter's things is I'll store her you know like her out dated or out of out of season clothes in them. And they're just perfect. What what I've done in the past. I don't have any now. But I would buy some cheap wallpaper from somewhere and cover those nice boxes with the lids. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you can stack them up and and leave them out and put things in them even. And they look just as good. That's a smart idea. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> I think I'll have to try that. That's really cute. Yeah. Well you know it's cheaper than going and buying the kind at Target that are all ready with the little design on them or whatever. They're the exact same thing. That's all they are. They just made them look fancy. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> You saved me some money. And you're recycling. Yes. Yeah. <SEP> Well that's neat. Well do you all have uh. We have places that uh pay for paper to recycle. I know you do yours at work. But for newspaper. Uh-huh. But ours are real hard to find. That's the one thing that really discourages me. I saved pa- you know I recycle paper. But they. It's almost like they don't want the paper because they don't pay at all. <SEP> I mean they're real hard to find the places that pay. And that's really discouraging. I mean I just go ahead and take it to the the regular place where it's you know they just accept it. Uh-huh. But they uh I think they should. Yeah. If they want people to recycle I think it's uh you know. Like the aluminum you know. It gets people to uh doing it you know. You might you don't have to pay them a lot. Yeah. I live near a Walmart. And there's a big uh uh huge dumpster looking thing sitting out front. In fact I think there's two of them that have several openings. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's for recycling. And they have aluminum and newspaper and plastic and some other category. Uh-huh. I don't. Maybe there's two for aluminum. And you don't get paid. But it's real convenient just to chunk the newspapers in there. <SEP> Well that's that's good. Yeah. I. The one thing I don't like about the newspaper also is uh. Like at work we have two different trash cans at your desk. You have one for paper and one for just your normal trash. Uh-huh. <SEP> But in uh in the paper one you have to separate. You have to make sure you don't throw away any of the slick paper like magazines. Uh-huh. You can't throw any of that away. And you can't throw certain file type things away. And I just think it's such a hassle. It seems like it would be it would be easy to take it all. I don't know. Of course I don't know all that about recycling. So it probably is a hassle. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I do get tired of having to separate paper you know. Uh-huh. It gets to be uh. I guess you have to make it a habit. I mean you have to get so used to doing it that it's a habit. Right. Right. And we had uh a write up in our paper uh this last time at work about um. They come and empty your trash every other day they do your normal trash. And every other day they do your recycling trash. Uh-huh. <SEP> And somebody was writing in complaining that the people had uh dumped all the trash in the same bin. Oh. And when they were questioned about it they said well we're running late. Or we didn't have time to do those bins or something. And that's real discouraging. Thinking you're sitting there working to separate it. And then they. And someone else isn't going to take the time to put it in two separate bags. <SEP> Right. Right. So they're they're really trying to start keeping an eye out for those you know. Talking to the people again about you know. Separate them. Because that is discouraging when you when you do that. It was hard to get used to those two different trash cans. Uh-huh. But luckily that will all get straightened out. And and they'll they'll start separating them. Because I don't mind doing that. I feel like I'm doing uh doing something for the community when I'm doing that. Yeah. <SEP> But anyway. Well I've enjoyed talking to you. You too. Well I thank you. Bye. Bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw2336.txt:Okay. So what kind of car are you thinking about getting? Well none at the moment. Well when you decide to. <SEP> No. No. No. I currently drive a a Ford Taurus. Uh-huh. And I would ima- I would imagine that if I change or if I get another car a new car I will go with the Taurus or something similar uh in that regard. So you like the Ford? <SEP> Absolutely. I have had it for about two years now. Uh-huh. And it's uh it's everything it's supposed to be. Uh I haven't had a minute's trouble with it. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh the only thing I have against it in that's it's a Taurus. But I still feel a little even after two years I still feel uncomfortable driving it because I had a Honda before that. Uh-huh. And so it's a little bit larger. Right. <SEP> But that's the only the only difference that I see really. But I would. My my criteria would be at the moment it would be uh American uh personally. An-. Uh-huh. Yeah. It's the. This. The car I had before this one was a Thunderbird as a matter of fact. Uh-huh. And uh I loved it. I really did. But uh um I finally decided to go check out what the uh what the uh foreign cars were. So I bought myself a a a Nissan a two forty S X. <SEP> Uh-huh. But even though I love the car I've got now I think my next car will probably be American again because if I can at all do it I'd like to stay American. Uh-huh. I always have up until now. I just for one time decided to go outside. So. <SEP> Well my wife drives a still has a a Honda Accord. Uh-huh. And it's a very it's an excellent automobile. And uh but you know price and so forth. Uh-huh. <SEP> I'm not a real car fan. So I I I do not uh opt for uh something that would be you know expensive you know. Right. I want I want something that's serviceable serviceable something that I can use. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh and I. And with the Taurus. I have a Taurus uh L X. And it's you know. You're talking when you think about price it's several thousand dollars lower than the comparable Honda or Nissan or something along those lines. Uh-huh. And as I said as far I'm concerned it it has been extremely uh uh serviceable and everything I wanted. Well Ford's done a real good job in the last uh say ten years or at least the last five to te- six years so of really turning around their um quality I think um. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh I think so too. Now I you know. In travel and renting automobiles uh in. Uh-huh. <SEP> I've driven you know Chevrolet automobiles and so for- and Dodge. And I. If it's Chevrolet I just will not touch it. Um. Uh I had a Chevrolet before I bought my Taurus. I purchased a a Chevy um Citation. Oh yeah. Those were not good cars. <SEP> And uh I was ready to get rid of it two months after I bought it. Uh-huh. And uh so I I shopped around. And I would I probably if I had thought I uh wanted to pay the amount of money I probably would have gone with uh uh an Accord or even a a Civic or something comparable from Nissan or Toyota. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. And uh but it was just. I had I have a friend who uh has a uh an auto shop. And he purchased one of the first Sables that was uh manufactured for his wife a Sable station wagon. And he just absolutely swore by it. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it was upon his recommendation and so forth for you know comparable comparably equipped you know with cruise control and air conditioning and A M F M radio and all these other things. Uh-huh. Uh it was just. There was no there was no comparison. Uh. The only thing that I find you know if I would have anything against it is that it still has that soft American ride. Right. <SEP> Uh not uh. That's about the only thing I find you know disadvantageous to it. But my criteria is simply something that looks good something that's serviceable. And I you know I drive around a lot. But uh and it's you know it's very comfortable on the highway. I can drive for you know ten hours or so and not really be tired in any way. Uh-huh. But those are my criteria. And I I probably in another six months to a year or something will probably start looking around again. And if there's something out there that uh is comparable to what I have now I'll go ahead and get it. Uh-huh. You know the only thing I'm looking at right now um. <SEP> I just I just bought you know the Nissan that I've got about uh say nine months ago. I guess it was. So the only thing that that would get me to change cars right now would be if. See at the moment I'm single. And if I were to get married and have a family that would have to have something to do with it. But uh I don't have any plans for probably another two three years of even looking you know. Uh-huh. Uh cars are too expensive right now to uh to even think about buying new cars every couple of years you know. <SEP> I. Yeah. It's. In our parking lots uh two or three days ago I saw one of the new Honda sports cars. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I I can't remember what the name is. It's the thirty-five or forty thousand dollar one whatever it is. And it looked it resembled a Mazaratti very very closely. Um. And it's an absolutely beautiful automobile and well appointed and so forth. Uh-huh. <SEP> But to pay that much money for an automobile uh is just. I can't I can't conceive of doing that. Yeah. That's uh. I went to a a car show down here about uh about two weeks ago. And um you know of course they had the normal the Ford the the Chevrolet that stuff. But then you started looking at the uh uh. They had Ferrari there they had uh B M W and all these other kinds of cars. And Ferrari didn't even let you near the car. I mean they were. That's how expensive they were. Uh-huh. And then you saw uh hundred thousand dollar cars. You saw eighty thousand dollar cars. And even even though I I I do enjoy cars I enjoy um driving them I enjoy uh riding in them and everything but I can't see buying or paying more for a car than I would for a house you know. <SEP> That's true. Well. That doesn't seem likely. The difference there is too uh is between us is that I am not really crazy about driving. Uh-huh. <SEP> I never have been since you know my parents had to force me to get my driver's license when I was young when I was sixteen. Uh-huh. So I've never really cared. Now what I was you know. Before I was married and before I went to graduate school I used to do little sports car racing. I never it was never my own car. Uh-huh. <SEP> It was always someone else's. And that sort of thing I enjoy. But to go out and drive uh never has really been had any appeal to me in that regard. Uh-huh. So. Well I guess we've discussed that enough. Don't you think. I think so. <SEP> We won't we don't we won't get the recorder or the uh system to shut us off uh tonight. That's happened to me almost every time I've. That's happened to me once. So uh. <SEP> Well it's very easy when you get a top- you get on a topic that you know you enjoy. Yeah. Like uh I think the one time I did it was on Sau- the Mid the Mid East the crisis out there. Oh yeah. That was had a great conversation. But uh then they came off and told us we couldn't do it any more. So. <SEP> Well I was talking to a lady last evening. And we were talking about fishing. And uh we were cut off well. We were told to quit. Yeah. Okay. Well you have a pleasant evening. You too. <SEP> Take care. Bye-bye. Good-bye.
sw3636.txt:Uh what sort of camping do you like to do the most? Uh well I I do uh real rough type camping. I have a motor home. Huh rough type huh? <SEP> Yeah. Okay. Uh. Oh yeah. Motor homes can be a lot of fun. <SEP> Yeah. They really are. Yeah. They really are. I've I've enjoyed it. I've never actually done any uh like tent camping. But uh one of these days I'm going to try that too. Yeah like to go visit uh the national parks and state parks and and uh just get out and see nature. Uh that can be a lot of fun too. <SEP> Yeah. How about you? Well so far my wife and I have pretty much had to stick with tent camping. <SEP> Uh-huh. This summer we went to uh the Smokey Mountain National Park. And uh stayed about three or four days in there. Oh how great. It was wonderful. <SEP> Oh yeah. Nights were cool enough to where they're comfortable. Um. And the days were nice and warm. And it was beautiful beautiful few days. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's great. It worked out particularly well especially considering she was what six months pregnant. Uh-huh. So I don't know. <SEP> It worked pretty well. It was one of those uh those dome type pop up tents. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Nice and quick and easy to put up. <SEP> Yeah. Packs away nice and small. And about had to be something like that getting around in a Pinto. Well that's true. That's true. It was a lot of fun. <SEP> I guess the last real uh camping trip I took was has been a couple years ago. Oh yeah? Uh I went to California up to the Sequoias. Wow. That's got to be beautiful territory. <SEP> Yeah. It's gorgeous. I love the big trees. Just just the drive up through uh up the coast line and then cut over in into the into the parks it's gorgeous though. Yeah. What like Sequoia National Park? <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh. Uh-huh. Yeah. I had been there before when I lived in California. But that's my first trip back in oh goodness um um thirty years maybe. Yeah. <SEP> But that is God's country. It has to be. Yeah. Yeah. Do they still have the uh the scenic uh roadways that cut through the center of some of those trees? <SEP> Uh no. They don't. They. The last one well. The first time I was there the the tree was still standing. But it has since come down. Okay. Yeah. But they are huge. If you've never seen them it's it's very awe inspiring. No. So far New Orleans is far west as I've gotten. Well New Orleans and uh Minneapolis. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well there is lots of pretty country further west. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. We're hoping one of these days soon after we're out of school to head that way. Yeah. Yeah. And you just need to take the little one. Show them all the all the pretties before they go away. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. They seem to be trailing out quickly. <SEP> Yeah. Because there is lots to see. There is course the the Grand Canyon. And uh the Painted Desert is is real pretty in a different sort of way. Yes. And course the the Sequoias and the Redwoods and and you get up into Bryce Canyon and Yellowstone. And uh the Grand Tetons are gorgeous too. I imagine. <SEP> Yeah. I would imagine they are. Course I I guess I'm partial to big tree country. Yeah. <SEP> I don't know why I got stuck down here in Texas now. I think it's called a job. I don't know. Uh not a whole lot of forestry down there is there? <SEP> No. Not around here. Oh. Not around here. Place is forested with c- with those concrete trees. <SEP> Uh-huh. Lot lot of concrete and glass you know. Yeah. Well I guess that's God's place too. Anyway Uh what do you figure has been the longest trip you've taken camping? <SEP> Yeah. Uh probably the the last one that I went to California. I took uh three weeks. Three weeks. <SEP> And I was actually on the road a little more than three weeks. Yeah. The whole family then was in on this? Uh-huh. <SEP> Everybody. Yeah. Yep. That would have to be a blast. <SEP> Yeah. It really was it was great. What. Well you went out from Texas up in into that area? Uh-huh. Yeah. We went uh we took the southern route and went went through uh uh the Grand Canyon again. And we stopped at uh uh Las Vegas for a couple of nights and then uh went into Malibu in California over on the coast. Yeah. <SEP> And then we went up the the Big Sur Highway all the way up to San Francisco. And uh and then cut across through the wine country. And then went down to to uh Sequoia National Park. Okay. Oh wow. <SEP> Okay. Big Sur Highway that's uh where you're pretty much in view of the ocean almost all the time aren't you? Oh yeah.
sw3397.txt:Okay. Well it's not often you get uh many women interested in football. Oh well. <SEP> Do you follow football very much? I'm sorry what? Do you follow football very much? I don't. No. I haven't recently um. <SEP> Well we can talk about something else. Do you have any uh. You married? No. I'm not. No. No. Well I guess kids are out. What's that? <SEP> Kids are out. Yep. Are you married? <SEP> Yeah. I I'm married. Got two boys. Oh really. Yeah. Wow. So do you like football? <SEP> Oh I follow the uh the Cowboys. But that's about it uh. The the same here. Yeah. Do you live in Dallas? <SEP> Yeah. I I I am a pretty big Dallas fan been for a long time. Yeah. But I haven't been to any games recently. But uh I try to catch the game every weekend that I can. Really? <SEP> Yeah. Have you ever been to a Cowboy's game? I haven't. Huh-uh. Um it's pretty nice. We dec- we decided just to watch them at home. <SEP> But. That's good. At least you uh follow the game a little bit. Yeah. <SEP> Um yeah. I'm not a fanatic about it. I don't know who played when and who does what like some guys are. I just like to watch. And and hopefully they win. Uh-huh. That's about the extent of it. Yeah. Right now I'm in um college. So I'm more into college football than professional I think. <SEP> Oh I see. What uh school are you going to? Um I'm at B Y U. B Y U. Okay. Yeah. So. <SEP> Leslie what are you studying? Nursing. Nursing. Great. Yeah. <SEP> My mom's an L V N. Oh really. Yeah. So what are you planning to go into? Do you want to be an R N. Or. Yeah. Yeah. Um I haven't really picked a field. I haven't I I don't know I've thought a lot about labor and delivery. But I don't know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Try that. That's what my mom does labor and delivery. Oh really. <SEP> Wow. Yeah. She loves it. She she really uh enjoys. Is she a nurse in Dallas? <SEP> No. She's a nurse in San Antonio. Oh. But uh she's been she's been working a uh on a late shift. She works the uh I guess the graveyard's what you'd call it. Uh-huh. <SEP> She works the graveyard shift. And she's worked that for oh years when I was small. Um. Uh I guess probably going on twenty years now. Wow. <SEP> And she really enjoys it. She likes the quiet that you have at that time of the night. And uh and uh she's uh she just started a new job at a different hospital closer to where she lives. Uh-huh. And she's really enjoying herself. She really likes it. Well that's great. <SEP> Well good luck to you in pursuing your nursing degree. Oh thanks. Hope you'll like it. Yeah. <SEP> Do you plan on staying in in the Dallas area? Um I'd like to come back to Dallas. Right now I'm in Utah of course. Oh uh-huh. So um. But my family's there. So. Yeah. I'd like to go back. <SEP> Yeah. Uh I think Texas San Antonio in particular has got a large uh base of hospitals. Uh I don't know about Dallas. I think Dallas is pretty scattered. Are you in San Antonio? No. I'm I'm in Dallas. Oh okay. <SEP> But I'm originally from San Antonio. Um. And they've got large medical uh center down there. They've got the U T Health Science Center out there also. Right. <SEP> So if ever wanted you know pursue anything more than your nursing degree that that'd be the place to do it. Yeah. My brother-in-law um is in the medical profession I mean he's at medical scho- school in San Antonio right now. Oh great. So. <SEP> Great. Yeah. Well like I said good luck to you. Thanks. <SEP> All right. Well um take care. And maybe we'll meet up again some time. All right. Okay. Bye-bye.
sw2104.txt:Okay. I think we're supposed to discuss our view of the Soviet Union as a continuing threat to the United States. Okay. How do you feel about that. <SEP> I don't really. I more. I don't know about the government as much as uh. The people uh I wouldn't consider to be a threat at all. And I really don't feel much like the Soviet Union itself is a threat anymore. I'm I'm worried about them. They're in a very uh tumultuous state right now with the kinds of uh adaptations that they're attempting to go through uh. I'm concerned about them not as a military threat but as a burden. They're very large. Yeah. And they can become very quickly a large financial burden as as one more stepchild we have to carry around. <SEP> Yeah. I think that's that's a real important aspect. And that uh as the the mo- the most the mo-. Let's see the more that we do that we do or that we can do to help them become self-sufficient is going to eliminate more of the risk of that becoming uh you know a reality. I know that uh this last winter was very hard on uh several areas in the in the the Ukraine particularly the coal mining regions of Siberia uh. The people there have money. That's not their problem. But there's no food for them to buy. And it's. You can't eat money. And they have a a problem their their whole attitude uh. I I'm not sure which crop it was. But they had a crop that rotted in the fields because they couldn't get anyone to harvest it. Yeah. And the people in the city were saying well why should I go do that. Make the government do that that's not my job. <SEP> Right. They've got a lot of adjustments to make with coming out of what they've been through now. And uh they've been they've been under under the oppression that they've been under for so long that now they have some freedoms. But they don't know how to act yet. They don't understand that to make that work. They've got to take some responsibility for themselves. It's not just the government's responsibility anymore. You can't just blame it on the government when they give you the freedom to take care of yourself then that puts some responsibility on you as well. Absolutely. And and I think that they're having a hard time with the concept of you can not go back. People only go forward. And I think that that is giving them. I'm expecting a call. And unfortunately I think it's come through. I've enjoyed talking to you. Okay. Thank you. Bye. <SEP> All right. Bye-bye.
sw3573.txt:Okay. Well. There we are. All right. Um um well uh. Tell me about the car that you've got. <SEP> Well I have a Honda um hatchback nineteen eighty-four. Uh-huh. And I had a hatchback a nineteen seventy-eight version before this one. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I'll be honest with you. I have never found any automobile that has been more conscientiously constructed and and uh put together. And it it does its job. All I have to do on my Honda is change the oil and the filter every thirty-five hundred miles. And I I did have to put two two new front tires on at fifty thousand miles. But that car just purrs like the day it was built. I get forty-two miles per gallon on the highway and uh twen- twenty-eight to thirty driving around in town. It's a five speed straight stick machine. Uh-huh. And I can carry more in that uh that trunk area in my little Honda than I can in the big cars. And I have a large um Pontiac. And I have a sixty-nine Cougar which really is I'm saving because it's it's old. But it's in beautiful shape. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I can carry as much in my Honda or more than I can in in those other bigger cars. Well that's very interesting. I've had I've had exactly the same experience with the one that I've got. It's a. And surprisingly it's also an eighty-four. Oh oh. And uh. <SEP> L X? Yeah. I'm still here. Um I'm sorry what? It was an L X? Yes. It's an L X. It's not a hatchback. But it's um it's uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yours is a four door. Four door. Yeah. Uh-huh. And very very comfortable car. Big roomy trunk. <SEP> Yeah. Uh and uh and very happy with it. And I must admit it's you know. If if if uh. My only consideration were were you know buying another car just to tool around town in and make you know brief trips and things like that. I would very very seriously consider buying one. Uh. I think they're extraordinarily reliable cars. Yes. They are. Um my my real concern with uh uh why I'm not sure I want to buy a Honda is because I have to make a kind of a a steady um trip down the road about once a month because I'm divorced. And I have a daughter that lives down in North Carolina. <SEP> Um uh-huh. And uh I drive down Interstate Ninety-five. And it's just an absolutely wild highway. <SEP> Ninety-five is wild in any car. There's no doubt about that. Yeah. And. Because I I I run over to Crystal City or used to. I'm retiring the end of this month. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I'm very much aware of the crazy driving that goes on over there. And you well you've got it. And uh so having precious cargo in the car with me as you can well imagine it's very hard for me to imagine that that uh a Honda's going to be as safe a car as as the one that I've got my eye on which is a Volvo. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. In in fact quite frankly I've owned a Volvo in the past. And uh I've I've. <SEP> Uh-huh. They're expensive cars to keep up when they need service. But uh I've found that I've had a lot of luck with them. Uh course I'm a mechanically inclined kind of person. And I always wind up getting under the hood and finding out all the things that you know need to be taken care of and so forth. And I guess that's one thing that that recommends the Honda to a lot of people is is there's just very little that you have to do under the hood. And uh. Yes. It just just sits there and purrs. And you all you got to do is the main major thing of changing that oil and that filter. I get six hundred miles on a tank of gas. Oh I know. It's really amazing. <SEP> Yeah. It's uh. Beautiful beautiful machine. Absolutely. <SEP> Incredible. So um yeah. Anyway I've been looking at the prices of these cars and and so forth. And I think that it's it's very surprising some of these very expensive Volvos can be gotten for a lot less money than you would think if you're willing to buy ones that are about the vintage of the cars that you and I currently own. Is that right. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um. <SEP> Well a brand new Volvo costs what thirty thousand dollars? Well certainly some of the top end ones. You can still get get uh even the the low end wagons um for less than twenty thousand dollars. Uh-huh. And uh we get you know. In the Washington area of course being as affluent as it is there are lots and lots of Volvo dealerships down here. <SEP> Um uh-huh. So there're lots and lots of them available in the paper at any any week. And I sort of you know scan the paper and look at them and so forth. And so um anyway and that's that's the other thing is that I've I've never really been too terribly much of a new car person. Yeah. I think I've bought one or two new cars in my life. And I've tended to um to uh buy cars that are you know two or three and sometimes even four and five or six years old. This Honda that I have I bought used. And in fact it had an extraordinarily low amount of mileage on it. I've just rolled seventy thousand miles. And it's a seventy-four I mean an eighty-four. So. <SEP> Well my my eighty-four just has seventy-seven on it. Yeah. And I've made many trips to Washington and down to Virginia Beach Virginia where my mother lives and things like that. And I drive it.
sw3368.txt:Okay. What type of things do you feel would invade your privacy every day? Um huh. Well I don't like it when uh people listen to my phone conversations like if they're outside my door while I'm talking in my room or when people like look through my things in my bedroom. <SEP> Yeah. That's right. That is really an invasion of privacy. Yeah. I I find it very annoying when I've worked all day to come in and my phone to ring constantly the solicitors and the carpet cleaning companies and. <SEP> Uh-huh. Does that happen in your part of the country? Yes. Uh-huh. I uh I come home. <SEP> Definitely. And I am trying to get a few things done. And I can't do anything but answer the telephone. Right. Some evenings are worse than others. But I wish I could put a stop to it. But I don't know what to do to stop it. <SEP> Right. Even uh we used to have a sign on our door that said no soliciting. And they would still come to our door and knock and. Uh-huh. They would think it didn't mean them I guess. <SEP> I guess not. No. Everybody but me. Yeah. Oh goodness. Are you stil- do you live at home with your parents? <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. So your privacy is invaded probably by other members of the family. <SEP> Yeah. Mostly. Yeah. Now what can you do to stop that? <SEP> Oh I don't know. Well I am used to it now. But sometimes it sort of gets gets to me. But there is not much I can really do. No. <SEP> No. Just have to live with it I guess. Yeah. Try to remember to respect their privacy. And maybe they will respect yours. And. <SEP> Well I don't know. I always. Do you have brothers? <SEP> Uh no. Yes. I do. But they don't live at home. Oh okay. I was ra-. I had two younger brothers. And they nearly drove me crazy listening to telephone conversations. And. Oh I used to do that though because I was the youngest. I would pick up the phone and listen to theirs. <SEP> But I. I would get in the bathroom and lock the door so maybe they couldn't hear me. And then they would go get on the other extension. Oh. And I could hear them. But I couldn't get them to hang up you know. <SEP> Yeah. But I stopped doing that a long time ago. <SEP> And they still do it to me. Even it in the office I uh find that people walk up and and when you're on a conversation instead of walking off or just making themselves busy they'll stand there and listen to what you say until you hang up. Oh like s-. Yeah. This lady does that to me at work when I'm taking an order or something. Uh-huh. <SEP> And she'll just sit there and listen like I'm doing something wrong. And she just started. And she is nice. But. Okay. But you know it gets annoying when they stand right over you watching everything you do. Yeah. But I-. Let's see I can't think of anything else I'd really consider an invasion of privacy other than the phone solicitors. <SEP> No. About the only thing that really bothers me I don't have that many people coming to my door. Right. Well occasionally we'll have a person here or there but not not as many as the phone calls you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> So. But. And I guess that's really th- the thing that really bugs me the most. I can't think tha-. Our kids in our neighborhood used to bother me. But they've all gotten grown up now. Uh. And we live in a neighborhood where there is not any little kids to bother me since mine are all grown up. <SEP> Oh. But. What else would be an annoyance? Well I guess traffic could be an annoyance. Oh yeah. Especially when you're in a hurry. Do you have a lot of traffic in your area? <SEP> Um it can get busy. Yeah. Usually in the week I'm. Uh-huh. Some days it's real real bad here. And you would like to feel like it's an invasion of privacy because you can't even ride down the road without people all the way around you you know. Yeah. Uh-huh. But. <SEP> Yeah. I've traveled quiet a bit. And I've been through Dallas Texas. It's pretty busy. It really is. And pretty noisy. Yeah. It really is. <SEP> Yeah. I live right on a main thoroughfare. So when I first moved here I probably did consider that an invasion of privacy. Because it at first you'd hear a lot of noise especially at night you know when you go to bed. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh yeah. And every time a a fire truck or anything went down the road I would wake up. But I guess I have gotten used to it because I don't even hear it anymore. Oh yeah. I suppose you do. And uh I just close it out I guess because I don't I don't remember waking up in several years at night when I'd hear a fire truck go by you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I think they would probably have to pull into my drive before it bothered me. Yeah. I am a real solid sleeper though. So that probably wouldn't bother me. I'd sleep right through it. They would have to chop down the door and get you out I guess. <SEP> Yeah. It takes a lot. Let's see. What else is an invasion? I had an old boyfriend who looked through my notes one time. Oh. <SEP> I was mad because those were mine. Well did you have has name all over them? No. <SEP> It was a a letter from a girlfriend of mine. I I just I was upset because those were mine. And you know I thought he. That was yours. Yeah. Right. I thought he would respect me more than that to look through my things and not trust me. Yeah. <SEP> So that was upsetting. I was mad about that and my privacy there. Yeah.
sw2039.txt:Okay uh. My favorite show is MASTERPIECE THEATRE. And it has been for a long time. But I feel almost ashamed to say that to anybody now because I have never met anybody who likes it. Do you by any chance? Oh yes. You do !. <SEP> Yes. Very much. Well wouldn't you know. As a matter of fact I prefer public television. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I have particularly enjoy the English comedies and the English mysteries. Yeah. Yeah. I watch mysteries too. Is that what you're referring to? <SEP> Yes. Okay. Yeah. That is good. I like uh. Do you read? Vociferously. Okay. Well that's the reason why I like both of those programs is because they're kind of based on books. <SEP> Yes. And the plots are more um challenging you know than the sitcoms of regular T V. Well unfortunately for us at least here in the United States we the only access we have to that of course is public television. Yeah. <SEP> I'm I'm not a great television watcher in any respect. But uh the watching. What I do watch is uh usually news and whatever is on public television. Any kind of. I also uh am very fond of great performances in that regard. Uh-huh. Yeah. Me too. <SEP> But uh. Did you stay up late and catch this RED DWARF? No. Oh that was a scream. <SEP> No. No. As a matter of fact uh Turner Broadcasting has been uh broadcasting all of the James Bond movies every night this week. Uh-huh. Really. <SEP> So I have concentrated on watching James Bond movies this week. I used to like him too. He was my hero. In fact I like Sean Connery to this day. <SEP> Well they're showing uh LIVE AND LET DIE at this moment. Yeah. And it is the first appearance of Roger Moore as double oh seven. Yeah. <SEP> So. Oh he can never cut it. No. No. That's true. I was just thinking that today he did well in some of the later movies he looks very effeminate in his early movies. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He does. <SEP> Whereas uh Sean Connery has maintained the uh how would you uh ruddy look. But uh Oh yes. Uh-huh. Yeah. I liked his accent too. And he can even be in movies that are not uh uh sexually oriented. And he still comes off great. <SEP> Well you know he was when was it last year or year before last he was voted the sexiest actor in movies or something. He is. Yeah. He had my vote double. <SEP> I mean the man is sixty-two years old. I don't care. But uh but otherwise you know we. Uh with P B S and so forth. And I I particularly enjoy I don't know whether you've had a chance to watch it on P B S but uh the series uh YES MINISTER? Yeah. <SEP> Oh what's that about? That was about a the Interior Minister. It was a comedy. Oh yeah. Yeah. <SEP> The Interior Minister of in England with the permanent secretary and bureaucracy and all that. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> Right. I I've seen it several times. It's a scream. But I have to go to bed. I have to get up and and work the next morning. I wish they'd put those. That's why I say did you stay up late to watch this RED DWARF. It came on after DOCTOR WHO on Saturday nights here at least. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it should. Of course I li-. Really it was. I don't think they should show it during prime time. But still it was funny. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I know. Well I I I'm not much of a television watcher. I I read as I said and uh quite a bit. Uh-huh. I read about two or three novels a week in addition to all the technical stuff. Yeah. <SEP> What what do you do? What kind of work do you do? I'm a Payroll Clerk. Just an accounting clerk. At T I? No uh. I have a friend who works for T I. And I work for a tire service here in. <SEP> Oh I see. I'm from Dallas. Uh-huh. Well the last two people who have called both worked for T I. And I just wondered. Yeah. Yeah. It could be T I -ers I think probably are participating more than anybody else. But I needed the money. This is five bucks here. <SEP> I think that's something we all ca-. Yeah. Really. Do you work for T I? No. No. I work for G T E. In Maryland. Really? <SEP> Yes. How did you hear. Oh we're not even supposed to be talking about this though are we? I guess not. <SEP> How did I hear about it? Well I work you know. They are gathering a data base for voice processing. Uh-huh. And that's my field of work also. Oh !. <SEP> So I I know the people at T I who are doing this. And I heard about it. So I called them and asked if I could participate. And uh You know send in the forms et cetera and uh so forth. Oh. Right. <SEP> We could go back to television shows. Well you know speaking of public TV have you caught any of this series on the Bible? Yes. I have. I've heard that it's really against the well I mean that it's coming out with the idea that the Bible's not true. <SEP> Well no. That's uh. You could interpret it that way. Uh-huh. Uh I I think what they are trying to say is that there is a great deal of historical truth. But the interpretation that actually got into the writing of the Bible itself is probably uh after the what uh was is it the King James Version when the committee did it wrote the translation that so much was lost in the translation particularly since most of the translations were in Greek. Yeah. <SEP> Well for example. In Greek there are seven different words for love. Right. Okay. So you can have. There's one word for love of your brother one word for love of your wife one word for you know uh love of your father and that sort of thing. So in as to those types of interpretations uh really made a difference in how one might interpret the Bible now and what it's at. Uh-huh. <SEP> So that's you know. You can look at it as though they are saying it's not true. But there's too much historical fact involved just from the uh the histories that are were developed around that time that are available. To deny that at least the majority of it is true. Yeah. So you know it depends on how you look at it. Yeah. <SEP> You can look at it you know. If you want to say that it's proven that it isn't true then you can very much look at it that way. I guess if you're looking for that you're. Yeah. Well Well you can interpret that the what the T V show in the same way that you can interpret the Bible. That uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. Really. <SEP> But uh as as far as that goes I we at least agree on what we enjoy. Yeah. That's right. But uh I don't know if there is there is a time limit on this so uh. Yeah. <SEP> Surely we've made it. I think so too. Let's just. It's been very pleasant talking to you. It was very nice talking to you. <SEP> And have a good evening. You too. Good night !. Bye-bye.
sw3317.txt:Okay. What kind of house do you live in? Well uh we live in a a brick home in far north Dallas. And it's uh four bedrooms and three and a half baths and swimming pool in the back. And It's about thirty-five hundred square feet. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well it sounds like ours are pretty similar. I live in one. I don't have a swimming pool. And mine's about twenty-seven hundred square foot. Yeah. But the four bedrooms. And all the rest of it sounds just about about alike. I think it's pretty much typical for this area. <SEP> It is. Have you been living there very long? I've been in the house. I'm in here right now about twelve and a half years. So you've been there longer. We built this one about uh. It's been let's see it's been six years six and a half years ago. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we subcontracted it out ourselves. We bought the lot and uh had an architect draw the plans based on our specifications. Oh really? Uh-huh. <SEP> And then we subbed it out. So we've been here a little over six years now. And uh have really enjoyed it because we built what we wanted to have to live in. Uh-huh. Well I bet you. <SEP> Uh-huh. My husband got his big garage. He ha- we have a three car garage that he has a big work area in. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he likes to rebuild cars and redo engines. And so he has all the work space he needs. Well that sounds interesting. I bet he's enjoyed having it that way. He. Because some-. Kind of hard to find one prebuilt that's kind of fits those specifications. <SEP> It is. And that's why we decided to build. We looked at things that were already uh built. Uh-huh. And the garages were always if the house w- was large it seemed like the garages were small even if they were three car garages which is what we have. Well then most of them don't have a three car garage. <SEP> Uh-huh. They're kind of rare. <SEP> So we put a three car garage in. Uh-huh. But even if they had three car garages they didn't have a work space. All of it was taken up with just car space. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so he has a big landing area that's between where the cars are in the garage and where the house starts that he can work on. Uh-huh. Well that. My we've just got a two car garage. But my husband's got a big space in between the where the cars are and the house where he has a big work shop you know workbench and everything. <SEP> Well sounds like our husbands have similar interests. Now mine does not work on cars. He just piddles on this and that. Oh I see. But he likes to have a spot to keep all of his his piddling things. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well that's nice that it's not in your house. It really is. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because you know they have a lot of things of their own. And I you know I wouldn't mind having. And I at one time was going to fix up when one of my daughters left a bedroom to where I had a room to just put all of my craft stuff and sewing machine and all that kind of stuff. Uh-huh. But I someone. I don't know. It ended up I got some furniture back that one of them had moved out or something. <SEP> Right. So I didn't end up with my vacant room like I had thought I would. Well we still have a a son and daughter in college that come home. Uh-huh. <SEP> And the other room we use as a guest bedroom because my husband's family come. His parents come. And also the kids have friends who come and stay. Uh-huh. And so it seems like it's always used as a bedroom. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I still. All three of my daughters are married. But I don't know. I just still have need for the four bedrooms just having company from time to time. And some of them coming back home and things you know. Right. <SEP> Oh I understand. And we've got grandchildren now. So when they come they have to have a place. Well we. <SEP> That's true. And you don't want them to not be able to come because there's no room. That's right. You sure don't. At times I keep thinking though that might be kind of nice. Well I c- I haven't reached that point yet. <SEP> I've heard people say that. But uh my middle son is engaged. My oldest son has been going with the same girl for a while. Uh-huh. <SEP> He's out of college and has a good job. Uh-huh. So he could afford to get married but is not engaged yet. Uh-huh. <SEP> And my daughter's been going with the same boy for a while. But she's still in college. And we're just as happy for her to finish her education first. Uh-huh. That's what she plans to do. Well I don't blame you for that. <SEP> So I hope so. Well I have the three girls. And then we ended up with four grandsons. Oh ho-ho. And little boys are around the house a whole lot more than girls. <SEP> A whole new world. Uh-huh. And uh I enjoy them coming but for short doses. <SEP> I can understand. It feels. After they've been here ten minutes they have already explored the entire house. They know everything. Uh-huh. But they're fun. <SEP> So you're all back to the safety catches and the whole nine yards or either watching them every minute. Well I just watch them. Yeah. I d- I never did put things up when my kids were little. And I haven't with them. I try to teach them not to get into things. <SEP> Well that's the same thing that I did. I hope I'll be able to do the same with grandchildren. I think that once you do that your children kind of develop the same attitudes. At least my daughters have. They try to teach theirs not to get into things instead of having to put everything up. So it's worked pretty well. There's. I don't really think anything's been broken. Every now and then we have to kind of go and say now don't bother this you know. Um uh-huh. But all in all they mind pretty well. But I guess most of the hou-. D-. What kind of roof does your house have? Here I'm getting off the subject. <SEP> Well we have.
sw3227.txt:Okay well um. What kind of music do you like? I um I was thinking about it for a long time. And I like basically almost every form of music and type of music. Um I don't have a whole lot of dislikes. I um like jazz um especially the blues. And uh I like uh a lot of the uh of course the classics um everything back from Bach and and Beethoven and Chopin and um just in general everything. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um I enjoy uh a lot of the the modern forms um uh. Do you like like rock and those kind of things punk even. Right. Right. <SEP> Uh well that gets. Some of the punk um when I was in high school that was uh one of the big things was punk music. And uh a lot of it is has a lot to say or some of it has a lot to say the music does the lyrics do. But the the actual. <SEP> I don't think they have a whole lot to say even. Uh well it it's it's it really expresses some of the opinions of of the people who enjoy the music. Yeah. I guess. Um but as far as a musical art form I just don't see a whole lot of art to it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um. Do you like rap? Um some of it um. It depends. I like uh the rap the two types of rap I like or I enjoy to listen to and one is the the rap that is just funny um. And they usually do a lot of satire. <SEP> Yeah. Um. That kind I kind of like. Right. <SEP> Some of it is kind of pointless. Right. The monotonous the monotonous. Yeah. No. That's not. I don't enjoy that at all when they're just talking about well I'm better than you and blah blah blah. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't like that. Yeah. Yeah. I like the funny satire. And then some of it is some of it actually gets into some serious discussions of problems in our in urban society. <SEP> Yeah. It really does. It talks about um race relations and police relations. And um that that. I guess I don't really care to listen to rap that much except for once in a while some of the funny more satire kind some times. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um I'm with you though. I like classical. Uh-huh. Um I don't like to listen to it all the time but um some of the time anyway. I like easy listening just kind of you know. I guess I don't care much for rock and roll any more. I used to like it all right. But I don't really care to listen to it any more for some reason. Um let's see. Country western uh I'm not quite as big on that. Some of it's okay uh. Yeah. That's that's about my opinion of that. <SEP> Yeah. It's it's okay um. Some of it kind of falls in the rap category I guess. So. Um. The thing about country western that I don't enjoy is is doesn't seem to be any imagination behind it. <SEP> Yeah. The one country and western song sounds like every other country and western. A lot of them sound uh really similar. <SEP> Yeah. And so the the musicians don't get to really get into their music. They just play a certain number of chords. Yeah. The drummer plays a certain beat. And you have a country and western song. <SEP> Um. And. Well that's kind of the way I feel about rock and roll sometimes too I guess. They don't really. Has kind of the same sound over and over. And the other thing I don't like about it is they have a tendency to play the instrumental so loud that you can't understand what the lyrics are. Um. Right. <SEP> You can't understand what they're saying on some of those songs which probably is just as well on some of them too. Yeah. And I can't say that I like a lot of the modern the very very modern uh rock and roll. <SEP> Yeah. But I I definitely I really enjoy the fifties the sixties and a lot some of the seventies rock and roll. Yeah. <SEP> Earlier things. And uh I really enjoy especially the sixties.
sw3584.txt:Well tell me about your home. Okay. Uh right now we're living in. Well it's me my wife and uh two young boys. And uh right now we're in a uh I guess it's either a zero lot line or a garden home. Which you might call it. Uh-huh. <SEP> So we don't have a a big yard. Uh. But uh when my wife and I first moved in it was just the two of us. So it was enough. Uh-huh. Uh and it's uh I guess what they call a story and a half. Because it's not a full two story. Where you know everything on top is on bottom. Yeah. <SEP> So it's got real high ceilings on half the house. And the other half is just standard sized ceilings. Huh. And uh it's about a five year old house now. It sounds nice. <SEP> It's uh pretty nice. Unfortunately the builder who built it went out of business already. Oh yeah? Yeah. It was a. Landmark is the one who built it. Yeah. Well you know these guys that gambled high lost big you know. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. And uh I'm insulating myself from that problem. <SEP> Exactly what happened to them. I'm building my own house. Oh that's nice. And as I look out the window of my trailer I can envision all the insulation that's going up today. <SEP> Oh really. Yeah. Are you doing it yourself? Yeah. <SEP> Wow. I used to be a builder. Oh that's nice. And I retired about five years ago and started college. <SEP> Oh I see. Huh. And now I'm a college educated builder. There's still no work you know. <SEP> Yeah. So uh you know I decided this summer that uh you know we had enough credit on the credit cards to buy the materials. So I did. That's great. And uh see the the the state has a law that says you can not borrow the money to build your own home. <SEP> R-. Is that so? I didn't know that. You can borrow the money to pay somebody else to build your house. But you can't borrow the money to build your own. Well that sounds kind of dumb. Well it's to protect the the banks from guys that say yeah I want to build my own house and go out a build a spec home. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then it doesn't sell. And then the bank's holding the bag. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well. Huh. As as you know anything that involves the government is works half as well as it's supposed to costs three times as much. Right? <SEP> That's right. Hence the savings and loan problem we have. Yeah. That's true. But uh you know my home is uh fairly simple. It's designed to be added on to. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's good. Yeah. Well I figure it's just me and my wife. But you know I like to do stuff with my hands and whatnot. So I want to have a shop. Yeah. <SEP> How big a lot do you got it on? Ten acres. Wow. That's nice. That's real nice. Well yeah. It's really nice too because I can't see my nearest neighbor. He's on the other side of a hill. <SEP> Oh. And my second nearest neighbor is a dot on the horizon. Seriously. <SEP> God. That's pretty good. Well in the winter time I can see see another guy. But you know he's. Uh-huh. I can just make out his place you know. I've got a thirty mile view to the east and about ten miles to the north. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And uh. <SEP> Oh that's pretty good. Yeah. Well I took a lot of time in choosing this site because the the house has no heating or air conditioning. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh you you you don't plan on putting any any of that in? Well it's got a a very small furnace. Uh-huh. And a uh we'll use a wood burning stove as well. <SEP> Yeah. But in the house itself I've been working inside you know these lo- these many months. Uh-huh. And I have not had to use the heat. <SEP> Wow. Because it's all geothermal. Yeah. That's pretty good. And with all the. See I've got. On the south side is all glass. Well as much as I could get in it you know. And uh the east side is glass. <SEP> Yeah. I've got one two three four five six windows in the east side on forty-eight feet. So it's almost all glass. Wow. And uh. <SEP> My wife would love that. Oh yeah. I mean you know. There's no place in the house where you can stand and not see four windows. She loves lots of windows. <SEP> That's great. So uh. Is it a single story? Well not really. It's uh it's on the side of a hill. <SEP> Oh I see. So the first you know. The the the. What I call residential level at the side that's in the hill is about four feet deep. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um I see. And the side that's on the uh the other side is about six feet high. Oh. So I've got a pretty good grade there. <SEP> Yeah. And then when I put the verandas whi- which will be twelve feet out all the way around on the north south and east sides that will define the shop. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. That's kind of like like a Victorian style? Exactly. Yeah. I I've always liked that. The. You know I we don't have much yard. But I built a small deck in the back. Uh-huh. <SEP> But you know I I see these magazines where you know dig your your own deck. Uh-huh. I I kind of wish I had them those size property and and uh one with a grade on it so I can build a real nice deck.
sw2124.txt:Okay. What do you like to cook? I like well I like to cook foods I like to eat. I like to eat Italian food best. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I find that I that's pretty easy to cook because a lot of it is one dish meals type things and they're kind of convenient. Uh-huh. That would be good for a dinner party that you know to cook that because you don't have to deal with eight different things coming out at once. <SEP> Right. Is that what you usually cook when you have a party. Um I usually have parties that are smaller groups. I don't have I've never had a real big dinner party except at traditional holidays like Thanksgiving and such. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so um yeah. I guess I usually do. I like to cook um heavy sauces and um noodles and pasta and such. Really. That sounds good. Um fattening. <SEP> Yeah. Actually. How about you. What do you like to to cook? Uh we. It's funny that um we're talking about this. We just had a dinner party. And we had um. Our senior pastor and his wife came over. Uh-huh. And I catered to their diet is the only thing though. So it wasn't something I really wanted to make. I really wanted to make red beans and rice and with. You know sausage. <SEP> Oh yeah. Because I'm from New Orleans originally. Uh-huh. And um I was going to make that red beans and rice with the those Cajun sausage and French bread with garlic butter and stuff. And uh well there's salad. And then for desert I would I really wanted to make um just brownies. Or French donuts would have been good. But it's real hard to make them. They don't really come out like they do in New Orleans up here. I don't know why. <SEP> Oh really. I don't know if it's me or the water or the recipe I have. But. Humidity or something. Um that's what I want. That's what I like to make is just real neat stuff like that. But. <SEP> Uh-huh. Kind of like the Italian. It's really good. But instead I catered to their diet. So I made baked chicken in the crock pot. And um it was good and everything. It had all the vegetables in it. But it seemed kind of boring compared. It kind of uh kind of down played compared to what you would like huh. Right. <SEP> Do you find yourself um with all the um cholesterol and and high fiber changing the way that you fi- that you entertain? I find it changing the way that I eat but not the way I entertain. Because I guess I guess I feel like if they're on a diet like that I'm going to you know honor that. But if it's just. Another couple came um over a couple weeks later. And I made. What did I make that night. I made a roast. Uh-huh. And I made um uh. I can't believe this. My husband broke the coffee pot I just bought yesterday. <SEP> Oh no. I can't believe that. Anyway but I asked. When Ricky and Carrie came over we made um a pot roast with rice and gravy and salad and the whole bit. Uh-huh. And normally I don't eat we don't eat like that during the week because of the you know the calories and the fat in it. <SEP> Uh-huh. But you know when we're having guests we just kind of say oh just do it. And I made blueberry cobbler. And we had extra crust with it. Yeah. It was so fattening. <SEP> That sounds good. But I don't think we gained any weight from it. So. Well every once in a while I I think I feel the same way. When I'm entertaining I don't take that thing into consideration unless it's really really. Like a lot of women will turn down dessert if it's too rich simply because they don't want the extra calories. So I think dessert is the only thing that I kind of down play sometimes. Right. I made an apple pan downy when the pastor and his wife came over. And she didn't eat it. <SEP> Oh yeah. But I did bake apples so that it would be not brownies you know. I figured there was less calories in apple pan downy than in fudge brownies. Yeah. Yeah. So um I've read a good brownie recipe. <SEP> Oh that's good. But uh anyway so I guess that's about what I did when I entertained. Uh-huh. So do you have anything else you want to say about it? <SEP> Um nothing comes to mind right off. So I guess not. Okay. Well it was nice talking to you. Okay. You too. Okay. Bye. <SEP> Bye bye.
sw3256.txt:Well I did hear the end of the prompt this time. Was that you that we didn't hear the whole prompt? Yes. Yes. And it said that what what do we do we think that cri- certain crimes should fit certain punishments. And uh I was thinking about it after I got off the phone that that I really you know wish that there was some way to uh send a message to people you know about um child abuse and things like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. That uh. Those kind of crimes deserve some kind of severe punishment. Too often I feel that people get off uh without. <SEP> Yeah. I I agree with you although I will say. I'm not sure you know. I sometimes have a problem with some of the especially more famous people who all of a sudden are crawling out of the woodwork to say that whatever problems they have you know was was because they were abused a- abused as children. And the parents are saying Hey wait a minute. We didn't do anything like that you know. Uh-huh. And and and I guess before I'd like to see that severe of a punishment for it it has to be a an absolute certainty you know like uh caught at it or something. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Right. You know or if they they uh you know severely beat up on a child or you know I would have absolutely no problem at all you know with with. Yeah. <SEP> I don't buy the routine oh they're just sick. Or they were abused when they were little. Uh-huh. Well you know forget that. Yeah. Well sometimes they even wonder when when uh criminals plead temporary insanity for for punish- for crimes that are so severe and then you know they get sent to a mental institution. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they play loony for a while. And then they're back out in public. Well but I can't see that either. I don't feel that that should be any excuse at all or any deterrent ag- uh you know reason to not use capital punishment. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Oh I agree. I agree. Because we. I think uh I think if I wanted to badly enough I could convince somebody uh I was crazy. <SEP> So my family may say that on occasion. Who knows. You know uh I I don't think it's that hard to do you know to to convince somebody that uh Gee you just had no control over what you were doing. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well and too you know they can always be blaming the other person. Well she looked like my mother who abused me when I was a child or something which I think is unfortunate for that person and yet shouldn't be an excuse. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I guess you know a lot of. And I was just seeing in the newspaper or the grocery store that some Miss America was abused by the man she loved. And. That's the new one. Is that the new. I just happened to see the headline on it. And I didn't couldn't realize if it was the husband or the father or what. But I thought uh you know if these things if children are being abused I I'm wondering how our school system is failing that they're not even seeing this you know. If it was that severe that when they're later in life adults that it's all of a sudden affecting them in this way that it wasn't shown up at all when they were younger. And that kind of that kind of worries me with my kids only being under two and not having you know to to deal with that yet. But still. <SEP> Well you you're right uh. And yet I mean did you ever in your life when you were little know anybody or hear anything of anything like this? Never. No. And I lived in California which I feel like California you know. <SEP> Anything can go on in California. Ye-. Well yes. I but I was from conservative Wisconsin. <SEP> And uh you know there was there was nothing on it. Which makes me wonder you know if it's as uh prevalent as as some of them claim. Yeah. It uh it it it's. You just don't know. And it all. Unless they're caught in the act or the- the- the child is very badly you know beaten up it comes down to a one word against the other that type thing. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Now Texas is capital punishment for. It used to be just capital murder. And now the- they added mass murder. Are those the only two things that we uh. I really would have no idea. I um I don't don't really know. Uh you know because I have a feeling it is. And I I think there ought to be more things added to it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh. That would be pretty lenient in my opinion. Yeah. I I think that's I you know uh. Killing a child or kidnapping uh. And possibly not well. I guess kidnapping maybe if the person gets very badly hurt you know. If they release them two hours later he probably doesn't deserve the death penalty. Yeah. That's that. Or like when uh I've heard when I.
sw2547.txt:Okay. What uh go ahead and tell me about your home. Well my home at the moment is an apartment. Oh is that right? <SEP> Yeah. I work here in Germantown. But I live in Pensacola Florida. Oh that's interesting. So I own a home in Pensacola. And uh let's see. We are to compare homes. Correct? Okay. Yeah. <SEP> Uh my home is well is typical for the area. I live in a development uh. It's a relatively I would say well. God it sounds like sounds like I'm bragging. No. That's okay. But it's upper middle class uh kind of an environment. Okay. <SEP> It's a two story colonial which my wife and I designed. Oh that's neat. Uh it has around thirty-two hundred square feet. Uh five bedrooms and so forth and so on. Wow that's large. <SEP> And it is I would imagine in terms of of size and so forth it's relatively typical for the area. It might be. I would say it's probably midsized for the area. There are some smaller. And there are s- you know several larger. Uh-huh. And uh but based you know in terms of you know in in Pensacola in that area of Florida it uh it's what now. <SEP> It is uh probably ten years old. Oh well that's not too bad. Yeah. That's still fairly new. <SEP> And so it's. In terms of cost and and and size and so forth it uh. The hou- you know housing there is extremely affordable and uh compared to other parts of the country you know. Let's say compared to Maryland that same house here would probably cost three-quarters of a million dollars. Well. But. Oh you're kidding. <SEP> Well do you mind if I ask what it's worth down there. I mean what it's. I really haven't I really haven't uh. When we built it ten years ago it was it ran around a hundred and forty thousand dollars. Okay. <SEP> So I I would have really I haven't really priced you know in the market. So I. It it sounds like. I mean from the way you described it a home like that here would be at least two hundred and fifty thousand. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean Dallas is a very marked up area. Although right now it's a lot lower um because of all the layoffs and everything. Uh-huh. The economy around here is real poor. <SEP> I thought that was on the upswing again now. Well no. Not really. Uh-huh. Um the area itself uh the Fort Worth Dallas area um has become kind of depressed because there's been so many layoffs with big companies including Texas Instruments. <SEP> Yes. Um there's been tremendous amounts of of uh layoffs. So really housing is real bad. The economy itself around here is not too terribly bad. But housing is still real bad. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Well Pensacola has. It's really is a buyer's market there now. Yeah. This is. And it isn't because of the well. There has been a lot of speculative building. Uh I don't know perhaps not in Dallas. Oh. <SEP> But uh I'm sure people in uh you know in uh Galveston and so forth would be knowledgeable about it uh. Pensacola is a Navy town. Uh-huh. And home porting was a possibility a few years ago. Oh. <SEP> They were expecting an influx of something on the order of fifty thousand people or more from the Navy. Wow. A new carrier was coming in and uh the uh attendant uh support vessels. Well that's no longer the case. So do you think. <SEP> It was overdeveloped then? Oh it's it is. I mean the the number of single family units on sale is phenomenal compared to the population. Wow. <SEP> And so i-. Overbuilding is i- has been a real problem there. Um. So you can still get a get a a good house for a very very reasonable price. And I mean good I would. Let's say typical say three bedroom uh two and a half baths on a half acre or so of land uh reasonable construction would probably run you uh right now anywhere between somewhere between a hundred and a hundred and forty thousand dollars. And probably perhaps cheaper depending upon the neighborhood. Um. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> What about your home? Well right now we're just renting. But it is a home. Um. Uh-huh. It's a four bedroom home. It has about I guess eighteen hundred square feet. It's on one floor. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh we have no basement. I don't know. Nor do we. But. Okay. <SEP> I wasn't sure. Most of the ones you know up north and everything do. But um anyway it's uh it's pretty also pretty typical for the area. Most of this area was developed. This house was built in seventy-four. <SEP> Uh-huh. So most of the. It's almost twenty years old. And most of the houses around here were built pretty much the same style. Uh we have a friend that lives two blocks over. And his house is almost identical to us except his is three bedrooms and ours is four. Uh-huh. But otherwise the layout is pretty much the same. So I I think most of them are. There was. It. Like most areas that are built um. There were probably like two or three styles you could choose from. <SEP> Right. And and uh that's pretty much all the houses in the area for probably a square mile I'd say at least maybe even a little bit more than that. Well the housing here in Maryland is just atrocious. And in in the entire D C area. I'm I'm only about uh twelve miles or so from the uh border of Washington D C and Montgomery County. Maryland is probably one of the most expensive places to. Where are you in relation to Sevren? <SEP> Are you close to Sevren? No. We are west. Okay. <SEP> Sevren is east near the eastern shore. Well I just. If I had. I have a sister that used to live in Sevren. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they bought their home in I I want to say like around nineteen seventy-five or something like that. And they paid like. They they had it built from you know. They they designed it and everything. And to have it built they only paid forty thousand for it. And when they left the area they sold it for a hundred and twenty thousand. Oh that's not unusual yeah. Yeah. So I just wondered you know if the whole area was like that or. <SEP> Well that's that area over there is not as expensive as in the the immediate you know Washington area. Uh-huh. And so we uh I was just looking. For example there is a uh condominium complex next to the apartment complex where I live. And I was over there recently looking at the possibility of buying a two bedroom condominium. And ninety-two thousand dollars for a two bedroom which is essentially a two bedroom apartment. Um. <SEP> Now it was very nicely done. Yeah. I would have thought. Sounds like a lot of money though. <SEP> Yes. I I can't I can't envision spending that much money and on on something along those lines. Sure. Yeah. <SEP> So you know it's. Y- I guess you pay the piper. But Plus the the the taxes around here are phenomenally high. Right. Oh yeah. <SEP> Uh for the. And so you on that. It's not unusual for example for somewhere around here on a on a on a. What we would you know what you described as your house and what I would describe as my house. Say for example in Pensacola Florida on that house with the homestead exemption and so forth and so on might pay three or four hundred dollars a year taxes. May- maybe you know maybe a little bit higher than that now. Wow. Yeah. <SEP> But that same house here you'd pay almost six thousand dollars a year taxes on it. Wow. <SEP> Wow that's. So it's uh so the question of whether to buy here or move to another county say drive twenty more miles north buy a condominium for approximately uh the same price maybe a little lower. <SEP> But the taxes would be you know perhaps maybe one-third uh of. Really? That much of a difference? <SEP> Oh absolutely. Yeah. Wow. So. <SEP> It's it's really sad. Yeah. This is one this is one of the most highly taxed areas in the country. Wow. Why is that? Do you know? I mean. <SEP> Well they it the their they do have an extremely good such things as extremely good school systems for example. It has one of the best school systems in the country. Uh-huh. Uh and because the cost of living around here is so high. Oh. <SEP> Public employees make great salaries around here. Oh. I was reading just recently where the typical administrator in the Montgomery County Public Schools makes. <SEP> A- an- and I'm not. This is uh the figure. He makes eighty thousand dollars a year. My goodness. That's. Wow. <SEP> And I. By administrator I I think I mean. I they didn't they did not define it. But for example a curriculum supervisor or principal or someone you know in that uh in that range.
sw3377.txt:Uh I guess I've always kind of liked golf. I I worked on a golf course at at one time. And that's how I picked up golf. And uh I don't know. It's just a kind of a challenging game. It sure is. I play at least three times a week. Uh-huh. <SEP> I'm on it. I haven't gotten the chance lately though to play. I'm trying to get back into it. Uh so uh I got to start all over again. It's not like riding a bicycle. You do tend to forget. No. <SEP> Well I'm one of those rare left-handed golfers. Oh. Yeah. And I do enjoy playing. What is your handicap? <SEP> Right now it's three. Okay. Uh I was down at about four or five quite awhile ago. It's probably up there to twenty now if I to start again. Well if you play with some consistency though you can get it right back down. Yeah. Yeah. I have got to try and get out there. I I know with our our long winters I I enjoy watching it. I don't know if it's just because I like the game or I just like to to see the warm weather. <SEP> Uh well we can usually play here year around. Sometimes in January it's not too comfortable to play. Uh-huh. But there is usually two or three days in the week that you can get out there and play. And I'm pretty much addicted to golf. So. I get out there one way or the other. Yeah. That's the problem out here with the long layovers with the winter. You almost have to relearn every spring to to get back out. <SEP> It's a good game though. It's very challenging. And the reason I like it so much is because I'm essentially playing against myself. Yeah. That's the way I look at it. I I play in in lo- a lot of groups. And but I they keep score and between themselves. But I really don't care. Um I go out. And each shot I say well this is what I'm going to try to do. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then I see how close I can come to that. Right. Yeah. You always work on trying to improve each day. And. Yeah. And i- inevitably one facet of my game isn't working at one time or another. Either I'm not driving very well. Or I'm not hitting long irons very well. Or I'm not putting well. Or but sometimes it all comes together. Yeah. Yeah. I know what you mean. I when I used to golf out there I'd putt well but I I wouldn't uh chip well. One of the two uh. Or something would go wrong. But I always managed to to get near par anyway. <SEP> Well we just had the tour championship here in Pine Hurst. Oh. And I went to that. Craig Statler won in a playoff. Uh-huh. <SEP> But we uh. This is a big golf area. Yeah. We have a lot of uh. I'd say we probably have within fifteen miles twenty golf communities built around courses that are pretty well designed and then of course Pine Hurst. And we still have the Greensboro Open here every year. Uh-huh. Do you have uh long waits uh to get on the course? <SEP> Yes. We do as a matter of fact. It it uh it's only been that way in the last five years. Yeah. But now you uh. Most of the courses have a uh two day advance tee time you have to call. Yeah. Okay. I just moved into this small community. So I'm going to try and get into one of the golf courses here. <SEP> I'm hoping that won't be cou-. I was from the uh twin cities area. <SEP> <SEP> That's some cold golf too isn't it? Yeah. Are you sure you guys aren't having the bad weather? <SEP> We have cold. Yeah. Usually January and the first two weeks of February. Well I wish that's all we had. <SEP> But uh last week we were in the seventies. Something is coming through now. So it's like in the low forties right now. Oh. But uh it's supposed to leave early in the week and then be back in the sixties. We have very windy winters and very cold. Yeah. <SEP> But we don't get any snow anymore. I don't I don't know what changed that pattern. We used to get four or five inches a year. Now we get nothing. It's been probably five years since we've had any measurable snowfall. I see. Well at least it that doesn't uh get in the way of golfing. So that. No. But I have played golf in the snow before. Get out my orange golf ball and go out. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. That's what they do here sometimes. You hear about it where they will take the orange ball out there. But if you got.
sw3728.txt:Okay. What um. Do you watch much T V. Or you know. Um no. I don't watch much T V. Sometimes um usually the reason I will turn it on is to hear the news. The news. Yeah. <SEP> But I don't think of that every day even. Uh-huh. Um I think I get most of my current events. Well I get them from everywhere. I sometimes watch T V if I. I guess I watch T V if I haven't read the paper that day. We don't get a paper. But I work um at a. I teach a college class. And uh. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> There's a. The library has a paper. And so I often drop in on a break and and read it. Yeah. And I keep the radio on quite a bit when I'm home. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then I I figure if there's big big news I'll hear it from my husband when he gets home or someone else you know. Yeah. Yeah. Now I also. I get it from all over. I watch the news every day. And I ha- we have a news. You know we get the newspaper and uh um magazines an- anything. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know I'm. I read a lot. So I get. Um you know I'm I'm really up on uh current affairs. I get you know the news and and everything. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. What's your favorite news. Do you get a news magazine. Or. Um well I'm not getting an-. No. I'm not getting any news magazines. Uh-huh. But um you know as as I said I do. It's uh it's easy to keep up on current event- you know on cert- you know especially when you um you know you get a paper every day. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. We've got. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And uh. <SEP> Are you satisfied with the quality of coverage? Uh I don't know. Is there anything missing? I you know. Yeah. It's kind of hard to know. And I don't know you know what what's I mean what are we supposed to uh compare it to you know I mean the quality uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Whatever they tell you. You know I uh I guess I I you know I'm satisfied. I mean I. Uh you know they they're supposedly covering everything that happens. So. Yeah. Yeah. You know. <SEP> Well I do feel like a little bit like. Being from California and wanting to hear like. I've heard through the grapevine sometimes that there's been an earthquake or sliding or something. And. Oh really? I don't ever hear it in the news here. Oh. <SEP> Um. Well uh sometimes it's such a. You know it's it's so um slight you know like the tremors are so slight that they don't even bother putting it in the paper. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. But most of the ti- the times I find that even if there are you know they do have like tremors out there you know there'll be a small article in the paper about it. Yeah. But uh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I sometimes feel like um the Dallas paper and the DALLAS NEWS um the top headlines are always a murder you know. Oh well. That's what sells papers. That that's because there's a high crime rate. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. That's um that's been like that since they the first newspaper you know. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure. You know but um I don't know. I I guess I'm satisfied. I don't uh. Uh-huh. I mean what basis you know of comparison do we have really? <SEP> Yeah. Really. We don't get a you know. That's true. We certainly get enough coverage. I mean we we can get news. You know I mean there's even the C N N channel where we can get world news twenty-four hours a day. Oh yeah. I was going to. <SEP> Sure. Yeah. Sometimes you don't even want to be bothered with the news because it's all so bad. Yeah. It's all so negative you know. <SEP> Yeah. Often times. But. So. Yeah. Well we have to keep talking I guess. <SEP> Well no. I guess we can end. Oh. Yeah. It's just whenever we're um. Oh is it really? <SEP> Yeah. Have you always gone until the recording? Well yeah. I don't I don't uh. Uh-huh. I guess we're not supposed to. I don't know. We're sup- I guess we're supposed to wait. <SEP> Or I don't know. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Becau- I. You know like one uh well. Was it last week we were supposed to talk about gardening. Uh-huh. Uh and it was really funny. I I I mixed it made the call. And it happened to be my friend who lives a few blocks away. <SEP> Oh really. Yeah. And it was really. We were laughing. I mean. But you know we don't really do any gardening. So like that took like a minute. Uh-huh. And then we just talked about you know whatever I mean. <SEP> Uh-huh. Interesting. Yeah. You know I mean some topics. Really now you know now this topic this is I mean. There really isn't much to say after you know you uh you know you you tell the person what uh news there uh you know where their where they find their sources of information from. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. And then you know if it's uh if they're satisfied. And that's about it really. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's hard to talk for five minutes on this. Yeah. So um. <SEP> Yeah. Well I guess I can just say I it bothers me that I hear a lot about um you know on the news that. Well it seems like I don't know some things are sensationalized or some things are um. You know you'll hear one report. And then you'll hear that it you know they didn't um.
sw2818.txt:Okay. All right. Uh do you have any friends that have children? I do have friends that have children. Yes. <SEP> And what do they say about finding adequate child care? They. I think that may be the key word. I think that's correct. They're uh relatively nonexistent from uh from what I hear from my friends. It seems like uh even when they have consulted day care centers that are quote unquote reputable that are sort of like a chain if I can use that word uh still you have to deal with the people that you know happen to be operating it locally. <SEP> Right. And uh it's just a matter of of trust you know. I think they feel that these people are um under qualified basically and underpaid. And I think that sort of goes hand in hand. So it's it's difficult for them. Well we certainly found that to be true. Huh-uh. <SEP> Uh indeed we've. Our children are now eleven and nine. Huh-uh. And we moved away from institutionalized child care if we can call those chain kind of things like that. Uh by that name. And found that uh more creative avenues were the right answer for us. Huh-uh. <SEP> Right. Right. <SEP> Huh-uh. Huh-uh. Uh at one point in time we've had au pairs by trading services with them. Huh-uh. <SEP> Huh-uh. And that worked for a while. But they were really adequate ones were really tough to find. I'm sure that's true. <SEP> It takes that mixture of a very mature college student who wants to do something and yet is willing to give the time and the interest to the children. Huh-uh. Right. <SEP> Right. I do have a friend that uh uh. She and her roommate became live-in care givers. And they loved it. They had stayed with this family from the time these children were small you know four or five years old up until they were well into grade school. And uh she was paid very well because they the parents trusted them. And they you know had done such a good job. So um I can see where someone you know in a position like that in a live-in capacity would definitely be the way to go if you're you're lucky enough to have the financial to be able to do that. Well that's true. Yeah. <SEP> And that's something that we're struggling with now. Yeah. I think it's just a matter of priorities. It's uh you know it's a terrible thing to say when you're speaking of children in that way. But you still have to be realistic as well I think. Oh yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Much as other cultures disagree our lives don't revolve around our children. Yeah. Yeah. And that's that's that's bad to have to admit too. But uh you know it's just there's so much pressure when you're talking about two people that work outside the home. And and I think that is one reason why I continue to be without children. I. It's just such a responsibility and and when I've had friends that have said. When you hear people say it it alters your life forever please take heed well. I realize that's true. So it's uh such a responsibility. <SEP> Well it certainly is. Uh. If I can the other side of the coin for a moment. Huh-uh. It is such an honor and a thrill to be a parent that most of the time it's worth it. Oh yeah. <SEP> Huh-uh. Yeah. Most of the time. <SEP> Well I just have to be honest about it. It's not always worth it. Yeah. Oh sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. <SEP> There are those times when I think gee if I didn't have children I could be out playing bridge or golf. Right. Right. Right. Right. But you know it's funny. I did I had a friend that said you know before we always said we don't want children because we can't go off on the spur of the moment or this or that and the other. And she got older. And she said but you know we never do those things anyway. So why why am I waiting you know. It's it's just the way your attitude changes. And you mature I suppose. But the thing about the child care I you know I have friends that struggle financially and and they both do have to work. It's a matter not necessarily uh that she might want to stay home or he as well. But you know they need the money. And uh when I seen some of my friends that have taken that six week old baby you know to someone else it's just I can imagine how emotional it must be. And and you know multiplied by the fact that you don't really trust the person or you're uncomfortable with the situation as far as child care um. It's just a scary thing. Well we were lucky when our children were that age. And having lived in a community for a while and we knew the person to whom we were entrusting our children. Huh-uh. That's a big plus. <SEP> And felt that that and feeling of safety. Right. Right. <SEP> And were leaving them small children. Huh-uh. But we also learned something from that experience as our children got older. Yeah. <SEP> It's that care givers are not omniscient. Huh-uh. They are not all things to all people or all children. Right. <SEP> Right. Right. Yeah. The ones that are good with babies tend not to be good with toddlers. Huh-uh. <SEP> Huh-uh. I think it takes a. I don't know. I think your patient level must needs to increase as the child gets older. I think that might be part of the problem with some people. You know. Taking care of a baby I know is not an easy thing. But when you have them in their their little feet are moving. And you have to chase them down constantly. I'm sure that's a whole new ball game. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I have a nine year old that I would trade happily for a baby. Oh really. Well you sound like you're pretty well passed the worst of it as far as worrying about. Since they're both in school you don't have to worry about a full-time person to take care of them. Oh you don't know what happens after they get in school. That's something altogether different uh. <SEP> Oh yes. Now we have uh one takes piano lessons somewhere on one afternoon. Huh-uh. And the other one of course can't do the same thing. Oh of course not. <SEP> It has to be somewhere else. And no. It's not adequate to sit and wait. You can't do that. No. No. No. No. <SEP> That just. That will not do. That's out of the question. I'm sure. Of course. <SEP> But we are helping you know. Right. Right. We are being cooperative. What's wrong with you? Right. Right. <SEP> You don't understand this. Huh-uh. That's just the way their minds work. And it's almost everyday. That's amazing. It's amazing that people actually. The stamina that you must you know draw from yourself to deal with it. It must be interesting. I guess you find out that you're a much stronger person than you thought maybe. <SEP> Well I've been finding out that I really am a nice person. Hit for many years. Because I didn't need it. Huh-uh. <SEP> And now I need it. Now it's just a reservoir that you tend to regularly I'm sure. Yeah. And it stays low a lot. <SEP> Well are your children now. Do you feel comfortable um with them coming home after school until you and your wife get home. Or. Absolutely not. No. Yeah. <SEP> I mean one of them I would I would leave unsupervised any time any place any where. Huh-uh. Uh the other one I wouldn't leave unsupervised two minutes. Yeah. Yeah. That's just a difference in kids I suppose. <SEP> That's true. Yeah. What. One leads the other? Huh-uh. Yeah. <SEP> And uh. And it's it's the one that's going downhill. Is it is it the one that needs needs more supervision that has a bad influence on the older or more mature one? Of course. Yeah. How unfortunate. <SEP> You don't think you don't think that good prevails. Well I I I'm living in a dream world. What do I know. As I said I don't have kids. And I'm an only child. So I've never been around children. So uh I'm sort of at a loss where that's concerned. But I do hear my friends talk about it. We we're having such fun. My wife and I were both only children. Huh-uh. <SEP> And we just couldn't wait to have two children so they would be such friends. Yeah. Wrong. That's like World War Three every minute. I don't know. I I I have to admit I was self- selfish as a child. I didn't want a brother or sister. And now that I'm older of course it's different. You know I think about uh wouldn't it be nice. But uh anyway. <SEP> Just make good friends. Yeah oh. I have wonderful friends. That's true. My best friend is one child of ten. And so they just sort of you know adopted me as their eleventh child. So that worked out pretty well. She never had to worry about taking anybody to child care because there was always somebody there older to deal with them. So I guess that's an alternative. If you could just um have a whole bunch. Have enough. <SEP> By the time the youngest ones are there you'll have older one to take care of them. That's true. I don't know. When you see all these horror stories on television about child care. And gosh. I just. I was seeing something on the television earlier about a little girl that's been telling her mother these terrible stories. And of course people are denying it. And uh it's just frightening. It really is. <SEP> Well what what's frightening is a parent to see things that that you don't really don't understand. Huh-uh. Huh-uh. And then you don't really know what happened. Yeah. <SEP> We gave up on one baby sitter because we came home one night and found pieces of um ribbon you know hair ribbon tied in a chair. Where obviously she had had. Huh-uh. Huh-uh. <SEP>
sw3420.txt:Hello. My name is Donna. And I'm calling from Plano Texas. Hi. This is Laurie. And I'm in Garland. Oh okay. Um would you like me to go first? <SEP> Sure. Okay um. I have three children um two two who are in regular school uh eleven year old an eight year old. And then my little one three year old is in um a University of Gymnastics. It's a a preschool. Uh-huh. And um I think it was really hard to um to pick the right uh day care or preschool or Mother's Day Out. I guess you can classify them all together. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um some of the qualifications that I look for was that uh you know the cost and um exactly what they did if it was structured or nonstructured if they had a little academic um uh in there and um you know um you know what the qualifications of the teachers' were and if the place was clean and um the hours. Uh-huh. And um just just kind of going by word of mouth and finding out if anybody else has been pleased with their program that kind of stuff. <SEP> Right. Well we don't have any children. But we're going to have one next year. Oh congratulations. <SEP> Thanks. So um that's something that I'm probably going to be looking at maybe in the future. Right. We haven't quite decided if I'm going to. I'm working part time now. And I don't know if I'll be doing that or what we're going to do. Or staying home. <SEP> But if we do then I'm going to need to find somebody. And our church has a Mother's Day Out program which they started last year. Uh-huh. And we know a lot of people at the church. So I would feel very confident with leaving my child there. That's a very good place to start I think. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. The Mother's Day Out programs. And that's where Shannon had started in a Mother's Day Out program. Uh-huh. And uh the churches always have I think a a pretty good program. And you have to make sure that you um that you apply pretty early because they do have a lot of places have very long waiting lists. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um and another question to ask is if they're um state certified um you know if the teachers have um their Master's degree in in child education and um child development. Okay. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um you know what what kind of a structure is it going to be. Um when your child's a little bit older like a three year old you'd be more concerned with if there's a type of care that it's torture for them to lay down and take a nap. Uh-huh. Is there like a mandatory nap time? <SEP> Time uh-huh. What they do at Shannon's school is have a video tape going. And if and they lay on these little mats. And if they fall asleep they kind of let them sleep. And the teacher stays with the sleeping ones. And the other ones get up and go do something else. Uh-huh. So she doesn't have to necessary take a nap there you know which is which is nice. Um. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. Um you know it's kind of scary I guess because you hear so many bad things about day cares lately. That's true. <SEP> And so it's I guess it's such a growing concern. But then there's a lot of good things you don't hear. Right. And sometimes when the child's a lot younger before they're really um before three years old you know like the church is a good program. And sometimes you even consider um you know having a private person come to your own home when they're real little or or something like that. Right. And another consideration is how many infants or children are they what's the ratio of of teachers to to children. <SEP> To children. Right. Because that makes a a a difference. And if your child would be maybe sleeping in that crib all day. Just your child and or do they just put any child in any crib you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. You would want maybe your child to have their own sheets all the time and not have another child use that bed you know. Right. <SEP> Right. I'm sure that um whatever you decide you'll be happy with. Yeah. And it's exciting time to have a new one. <SEP> Yeah. We're pretty excited. I bet. That's that's wonderful. Yeah. But that you know we have been thinking about that. But it's a little ways off in the future. Uh-huh. <SEP> But um I figure you know I'd probably start asking around at church because I know they have a limit as to how old they can be before they you know before you can bring them in. Asking. Right. <SEP> Some some places um start them as early as I think well some some places take them as infants I guess you know like eight weeks even. Uh-huh. Um there's a place to look into um um. A friend of mine who's a nurse is was telling about a wonderful new place that opened some place in on Fifteenth Street. Up. It's in Plano somewhere where um. Nurses that used to work in the hospital take care of infants infants and then only up to like two years old. <SEP> Um. And it's it's supposed to be really a a. You know some places just specialize in just real little ones. Right. And then other ones uh are the older children. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it is a difficult situation I think. When they're when they're little it's almost easier to leave them because when they're three and they're cry.
sw2427.txt:What type of lawn and garden work do you do? Well I do it all. I see. Do you have a garden? <SEP> Uh yes. I I try to grow uh uh a vegetable garden. And. We do the same thing. It's I just have a small plot it's like ten feet by five feet. Yeah. I have two plots. One's ten by ten. And one's like fifteen by four. I see. <SEP> It's a long skinny one. And. Yeah. You do a lot more area than I do. I've. All the rest of my yard backyard is uh you know pool and decking. It's all the dirt I have left in my backyard. Oh I see. <SEP> Yeah. I see. Well I enj- I enjoy fiddling around. It's cheap entertainment. Right. Right. Yeah. It's nice to get out in the open air. It is. Uh-huh. <SEP> And especially when the weather's not too hot or not raining or whatever. That's right. Yeah. <SEP> But uh sometimes I I said I sometimes I wish I had more space you know. I enjoy. Excuse me go ahead. <SEP> Uh-huh. I grow a lot of things a lot of food. Uh-huh. <SEP> And sometimes I I want to plant something there's not enough room to plant. Some of those things like uh you know the things that vine like uh cucumbers or uh squash or something like that. Plant one of those. That's right. That's right. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Takes a lot of room. <SEP> And it takes up your whole space. It sure does. I made mistake one year and planted some cantaloupe. My goodness what a mistake that was. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. They they just run all over the place don't they. They do. Well it was very good. It just takes up you know like you say a lot of your garden area. <SEP> Right. Right. It's the first and only time I've done that. We don't do anything exotic. We just do oh tomatoes bell peppers radishes and turnips I mean not turnips carrots beets and things like that. The basics. <SEP> Right. Yeah. That's what we do too. My wife used to plant a few snow peas. I don't really care for snow peas. Well she just plants a few for herself. <SEP> Right. Peas. Yeah. I I got a few peas out my garden a couple of days ago. Did you really? <SEP> The first one they started them indoors this time. I read it. Oh I see. And so I. Okay. We don't start anything indoors. We just wait until you know the weather warm enough to stick it in the ground. <SEP> Yeah. I uh I guess you can get an earlier harvest by doing that. Probably so. Yeah. You can get a head start on it. <SEP> But uh sure is a heck of a lot of work. I guess it it might would. Because you got to watch them every day and keep them watered. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I I don't think I'll do it again. Well it will make it will make them taste better I'm sure. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. I enjoy it. I come home from work. And and I usually say hello to wife and kids and then go out and fiddle you know just walk around the yard and inspect it. Sure. You got to inspect it. Yeah. <SEP> And the kids want to swing. Sure. And I push them on swing. Sure. <SEP> And I wal- I mow my own lawn. Yeah. And I do I don't have a sprinkler system. I I don't enjoy watering. No. <SEP> Especially. I. This is the first home we've lived in we've had a sprinkler system. Oh how. And boy it is really nice. <SEP> Oh. It sure beats dragging hoses around. Yeah. You can have it come on just early in the morning. And and off by the you know by the time you're up and about. That's right. <SEP> That's right. It's really nice. Yeah. I I usually get it started for my wife. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I and she moves it around ever other day. I'll have to admit I don't I do my own yard. I I really don't enjoy doing that. I enjoy having a nice looking yard. Uh-huh. I just don't enjoy the work that it takes to get it done. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I had a lawn service to do my yard for me during the real hot summer months you know until I retired. <SEP> Uh-huh. And now I I've lost my excuse for that so I have to. For the last couple of years I've done it myself. <SEP> Yeah. Sometimes I wish I could get one of these uh chemical services to come out and spray for weeds and fertilize and all that and take that one step out of. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh they want too much money. It is kind of expensive. It is. Yeah. Of course the chemicals themselves when you buy them they're expensive too. <SEP> Right. Right. But it's still be quite a bit cheaper to do it yourself. That's right. If I have a problem discipline you know I think. Now boy I really need to get out you know and apply something you know. And I screw around and don't do it or wait too long or something. Right. And the weed come up. That's right. <SEP> And all of a sudden you've got to do something else. That's right. I'm I'm kind of bad about that. Yeah. I enjoyed having a lawn service. But now I have the time. And I really can't I really don- you know don't want to spend the money for it. <SEP> Well if you enjoy it too you know you you can get out in the morning when before it gets hot and and do it and stuff when you only have to. Yeah. <SEP> That's right. I'm not limited to just mowing it on Saturday morning you know. <SEP> Right. I can do it on most any day of the week. <SEP> When the days start getting a little longer you know you can I can start doing it in the evening after work. Uh-huh. That's right. <SEP> When they when they switch to switch. Yeah. When we get an hour more. Yeah. <SEP> When they rollback an hour. That's coming up here pretty soon. Is it this weekend? I don't know. It's pretty soon. <SEP> I really don't know. It just seems like I here it on the news the day before. Yeah. And uh I I think it's coming up here soon. I believe it is too. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well. Are you having any trouble with bugs in in your garden? Uh not a whole lot uh. I I don't use I I seldom use anything harsher than seven dust you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't really like to put a lot chemicals on it. But then again I don't want the bugs eating it upping either. Right. <SEP> Right. I I. It seems like they come in spurts. Uh-huh. One year I didn't put anything on. And I didn't have any problems. Uh-huh. <SEP> Next year I was planting some broccoli and and some of those they're called cabbage cabbage loppers or whatever. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. They were just covered with them. Yeah. <SEP> I mean I went up. I didn't go out there for about three days you know because I and I went out there one day and the plant was noth- nothing left but a stem. Uh-huh. That's right. <SEP> They devoured it that quickly. Absolutely. They really go through it. And they they have a you a good appetite. They really do. <SEP> Yeah. And they would you know. I I picked off like twenty of them. And. You know cutworms will do the same thing to your tomato vines too. <SEP> Ye-. Yeah. Boy they'll strip. They got that uh what is that safer soap uh B T spray this year. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I've been watching them every day. And I've and I haven't seen any signs yet. So if I see any signs I'm going to spray them. Yeah. And uh. I did something a little bit different this year that I haven't done before. I've got. My garden is shaped that I can. It's kind like this uh box shape. So I got four pieces of two by twelve and joined them together and just made a box. And put in a whole bunch like eight hundred pounds of topsoil and manure. <SEP> Right. And you know various other things Raised it up. Well the good stuff. <SEP> Right. And I'm hoping especially with those big tall sides on there it that maybe I won't have oh I'll have less of a bug problem. Any- at least they they'll have a hard time crawling up the thing. Right. Yeah. My backyard is uh is sloping. So I built a box up you know had to build the one the low side up. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh I had sandy loam hauled in. I had a dump truck come and dump it. Uh-huh. <SEP> On my driveway I guess that's what they do. And then I had to wheel barrow it in. Yeah. Right. <SEP> But uh you know you can improve your own soil there. Uh-huh. But the Texas soil isn't the greatest gardening soil. That's right. <SEP> You you have to work on. You really do. Right. <SEP> And you know if I I didn't wait five years for it to be good enough grow. You know what I mean. That's right. When we had our pool done I had them to leave some extra loam you know for my garden. So I had I had a lot of loam out there to start with. I just turned it all up and mixed it all up together with. Uh-huh. <SEP> Do you have do you have a rotor tiller? No. I don't. I did it by hand. Small enough. You have a. Just do it by hand? Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. It wasn't too much of a job really. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Like I say it's just. Yeah. I'd like to get one of these little small ones that you see in all these gardening magazines. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. It would be handy. And it weighs twenty pounds or something like that. Yeah. <SEP> My neighbor across the street has one. He always uses it to dethatch his lawn. Uh-huh. I see him out there. Yeah. <SEP> And I guess it has a thatcher attachment to it. It might be handy. Yeah. Yeah. They're pretty neat little. I've never seen one. <SEP> I have a friend who has one. And and he lets me you know no problem borrowing if it's just a hassle when you know to go up. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. <SEP> And it's a fairly large one to heave it up into the back of the van bring it home and check it back and just grab it you know if I just go to my garage and grab it. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Yeah. That would be neat. Sure. <SEP> That would be nice. We've had a garden gosh for years and years and years of some size you know. Uh-huh. I can't remember a year when we didn't have one of some kind. <SEP> What have you got growing right now? Uh got. You know tomatoes that are starting to bloom. Uh-huh. And uh I've got carrots I mea- yes I've got a few carrots up. And I've got some radishes up. <SEP> Uh-huh. And as a matter of fact I've already done a second row of radishes. Uh-huh. Yeah. And uh the green onions are coming along. <SEP> Okay. Snow. What kind. Excuse me. <SEP> What kind of onions do you grow? Do you grow those those ten fifteen Y? Yes. I've. For the first time we planted them this year. Oh they they are the best. Yeah. We tried to find them last year. We screwed around and waited too long. And I couldn't find a nursery that had any of them left. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But we've got some this year. Uh those. Snow peas are up. And uh my wife does uh a small herb garden on the side. <SEP> I see. They're up and doing fine. Yeah. I uh. Those onions I think we we planted like twice as much this year because you know we got on- onions. And they lasted from you know about when you harvest them about a month from now or so or six weeks from now until until like October. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And uh we really missed them when they were gone because the ones from the grocery store just can't compare. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. That's kind of a let down. <SEP> She made these onion rings that were so good. Oh I bet. And and and uh you don't realize how many dishes you put onions in that it's an ingredient. They were. <SEP> That's right. We use a lot. We sure do. <SEP> And and it was just like everything you put it into tasted so much better. Yeah. One nice thing with onions and and bell peppers at least you can chop them and freeze them if you have you know too many. Right. <SEP> Right. We froze a lot of peppers. We let some turn red. Yeah. Uh-huh. We did that too. And some we do green. And then my wife puts them on pizzas. And and chops them up in recipes and things like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Sure. Makes uh makes a colorful salad too. <SEP> Oh yeah. Put them in salad. Yeah. Uh-huh. You're you're making me hungry here. <SEP> We planted some yellow peppers this year. We've tried it before. Oh. And nope. We haven't had much luck with it we're going to try it again this year. <SEP> Yellow peppers huh. They have some little buds on them hopefully they'll do something. Yeah. Sounds like you have a real good garden. Yeah. We enjoy fooling around with it. <SEP> Just let me see what I got. I got the peas. And I've got some broccoli uh onions some some radishes and uh uh beets. Beets. Yeah. We've got some beets. Uh-huh. Uh and I planted potatoes too. Uh-huh. I've never done potato. We used to do it at home when I was a kid had a huge garden. <SEP> Oh the potato. They were they're delicious. But they. You don't get seem to get that much for the space. Uh-huh. <SEP> They they do. It takes a yeah it does take some space. Some beet uh potatoes. Yeah. <SEP> And I've got some tomatoes still growing in in containers. Uh-huh. I see. <SEP> I got to wait for a place to to to free up. Uh-huh. Uh our our kids love pickles. And we all love pickles. So we're going to try to grow our own pickles this year. Uh-huh. That will be neat. Yeah. <SEP> We've got some good um um Hybrid Burpee uh uh pickler cucumbers. Uh-huh. And we're going to try to see if we can pickle our own. And So because have you seen how much pickles cost in the store? That will be neat. Yeah. <SEP> Absolutely. They're expensive. I know it. I said why are they so expensive they're just a bunch of little cucumbers you know? I don't know unless it labor intensive or something. <SEP> I really don't know. I guess. <SEP> But we're going to try that and see how that works. That will be interesting. An experiment. Yeah. <SEP> I'd like to try you know just try something new every year that I haven't tried before. Sure. Yeah. <SEP> And. That's interesting. Well. Well I'll let you go it's.
sw3232.txt:Okay. I guess our topic is um advice about going to college. Uh-huh. Do you have children of your own? <SEP> Oh no. I don't have any children. But I'm still going to college. Oh are you? Uh-huh. What school are you going to? <SEP> N C State. Oh. Are you enjoying it? Um well it's a lot of work. Are you working on your um Bachelor's degree? <SEP> My Bachelor's. Uh-huh. And what field of study are you in? <SEP> Um it's actually in computer science. Uh-huh. And I have a special interest in Voice I O. Oh well that's neat. Are you from North Carolina? <SEP> No. I'm actually from Amarillo Texas originally. Oh are you really? Uh-huh. Oh. Well what took you to North Carolina? <SEP> Oh um the service. Oh I see. Yeah. Well that was one of the things I was thinking about in school um. I went to Texas Tech out in Lubbock and uh I had a friend my roommate went to Tech also. <SEP> Uh-huh. But she was from New Mexico. Uh-huh. And she had to pay out of state tuition. <SEP> Ooh. And I think that would have uh played a real big part of my decision. It would have played a major part in mine. Yeah because um she was pay-. Of course back then it was so much cheaper than it is now. It was like four dollars a semester hour. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so I was going to school for you know just a few hundred dollars a semester. And she was paying forty dollars an hour. Golly. So she paid ten times as much because she was out of state. <SEP> Yeah. Luckily I've paid in state tuition the whole time. Oh that's good. Yeah. So I think that would be one thing I would definitely consider try to find a school within the state that um I liked well enough to attend. Uh-huh um. <SEP> Uh-huh. The second thing is some colleges only offer the uh liberal arts and uh whereas like State they offer engineering courses. Uh-huh. Right. Yeah. <SEP> So depending on what your major is or medical you might want to atteck- some um attend somewhere like Tech. Yeah. Right. And um aside from the uh. Well some schools may even give you financial aid where another one won't. Yeah. That's true. That was something else I had was I had government aid of course. But uh it was wonderful because I got one of those grants that you don't have to repay. <SEP> Oh really. And yeah. It was so nice. Um. It paid most of my tuition and um a lot of the book costs and that kind of thing. So. <SEP> Wow that's great. Yeah. I really. Was it a Pell grant? I'm sorry what did you say? <SEP> What kind of grant was it? Well it was called a B E O G a Basic Equal Opportunity Grant. Uh-huh. And it was from the government. And it was based at first it was based on my parents' income. My parents had five children and really didn't make enough money to send any of us to school. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so uh because based on the number of children and the amount of money uh my father brought in I got a small grant. Uh-huh. But then after that I was on my own working and you know trying to go to school on my own. So then I got a real big grant because the amount of money I was making really didn't compare. <SEP> Wow. Uh-huh. So it was kind of nice. <SEP> Um. I don't know if those are still available or not. But. Uh I'm not quite. There's there's a lot of different organizations who uh who do give grants. But uh I'm not exactly sure which ones they are and how much they you know they generally run. Yeah. Yeah. This was great. It was just based on you know how much your tuition costs and everything. And generally it paid everything. So I went to school about three years of my four for almost nothing. <SEP> Uh-huh. So that was. Golly that's great. Yeah. It was really nice. <SEP> Oh another thing. I've got a I've got a degree from another college. Uh-huh. And uh something that might play a part is the size of the college. Right. <SEP> Uh the smaller schools can give you a lot uh a lot more specialized instruction and attention than the larger schools. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> In the larger schools you get caught up in the bureaucracy. And and they just give you a teacher's assistants you know. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Instead of a scholar you get a T A. That's right. And uh you don't get near the uh quality of education. And as well the uh smaller schools often times don't cost as much. Um I didn't know that. <SEP> Oh yeah. Um. Well I guess the only comparison I had ever heard was between a a Christian college because I thought about attending Abilene Christian instead of Texas Tech. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And of course the price was just astronomical compared to Tech. Um. The Christian college was so much more expensive. But I guess some of the other smaller colleges might might be a lot different. <SEP> Um. Oh I at State I think it's just a waste of somebody's money to go there. Really? It's really a shame because of you know the instruction. Yeah. <SEP> Um I'd rather go to any other college you know in the state. And I would definitely get my money's worth uh much better than State. Yeah huh. It's kind of unfortunate because they've they've just grown so big that they just don't care about the students any more. Yeah. Yeah. You're just a number. <SEP> Yeah. They're they're bent on uh seeing how much land how much more land they can get and how much uh how much of the campus they can build up. Right. And uh. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. It's really a bad situation here. Oh that's a shame. Well I I felt a little cheated at Tech also. Once I got into my. I um majored in.
sw2324.txt:Okay uh. Why do you think it uh sounds. Do you think we should adopt it? No. I don't like metric system. You don't? <SEP> I I I think the country is is uh too ingrained in the inches and and just the general uh background. The history of our country has been inches. And I don't think there's a big advantage in going to the metric system. Uh-huh. It it's going to disorient and confuse a lot of people for years and years. And there are going to be people who die because of it because they don't understand uh you know simple things from the amount of medicine they should take to how fast they can drive and you know how far away something is. Yeah. <SEP> And it's it's not in our national consciousness to do it. We've always measured things in the English system and you know everything you know. Yeah. Our land is in acres. Our people aren't going to understand what an amount of something is. Right. <SEP> Yeah. I I agree with you. I don't think we should either even though I know there are benefits to the metric system. I don't think the benefits of the metric system outweigh the the disadvantages that would happen to the people in America. Yeah. And also the uh. I don't know. It seems almost like there's this it's a peer pressure thing is why we keep wanting to do it is so we'll look good to the other nations. Because I think they that's an area that the other nations especially Europe look down on us like oh we're just backward wayward children who still use this backward system who haven't really attained it yet. And I feel it's just pride of why they keep trying to push it on us. And it's like hey we're content with this. No. It's probably not as accurate. Probably you know intellectually doesn't. It's not as sound intellectually but like you said I mean come on. I had six years of college. And I don't know the metric system and I don't care to learn it. <SEP> Yeah. And I'm not some kind of an idiot. I just. And it's easy to trans-. We have a computer for just about everything now. And if it's necessary to translate back and forth between them it can be done. Yeah. <SEP> Because I'm a mechanical engineer. And I've had to work when I was designing packages for people. I mean I had to to work both systems back and forth. Uh-huh. And it was not hard. And you get you can get a CAT CAM system that can take any design you want. And you can push a button. And it'll convert every measurement on there you know from one system to the other in seconds. Right. <SEP> There's a lot of people. Like you're educated. I'm educated. My husband is. But I mean a lot of people are flat not educated. And if I have a hard time you know putting that into my life can we put that off on the other eighty percent of the population that doesn't have any college. <SEP> Really. Or I don't know how much of the you know. Yeah. But a large percentage probably over half of the rest of the population they don't have any college probably much at all. <SEP> Absolutely. And if we can't take it and use it easily well how can you put that on like elderly people and you know just people that maybe just aren't blessed with as as much sharpness and ment- mental acuity. Oh yeah. It's just. <SEP> Or or even have had the ability you know the chance to to go to college or to to to learn about. Yeah. I think it's still good they do cover the system. I think it should still be taught in schools. Yeah. <SEP> And they do. I know now because I. Even when I was in elementary school years ago they were you know we learned what a centimeter was and a decimeter and the various you know basically the other alternate forms of measurements things like that. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> Yeah. And and that's acceptable. Yeah. I think it failed too. Because like what you said of just you know hey this is ridiculous. The thing Americans have so much stress on them right now. <SEP> Yeah. I mean if you look at the average family it's like man they barely have time to stop and get gas much less to try and figure out how much gas they're really getting and do all this. Really. It's like I mean come on let's take the pressure. <SEP> You know you need twenty gallons but do you need how many liters. Yeah. And it's just like another thing. Yeah. The American family doesn't need any more pressure. Just leave them alone. Let them measure their drinking water in cups. And leave them alone. <SEP> Yeah. And it it just doesn't it just doesn't make that much difference in the average life. And the scientific community and places where it's needed you know that's fine. Yeah. <SEP> And the rest of the world I mean we are. It's not. We may not be the top. I don't know if we're the top. We're one of the top superpowers of the world. Uh-huh. That's. It may be arrogant. But I mean let them come to us. <SEP> That's kind of the way I feel about it. We can convert. And and if they don't like the way we do it just get off our don't worry about it. And I think. Yeah. It it's kind of like expecting everyone to suddenly speak German. You know. Right. It is. <SEP> Because it is another language. Yeah. Yeah. And and instead of saying the world speak German we found out that we can translate. <SEP> And that's what I think we ought to do with the metric system. That's funny. Well that's good. I think we kept it at real good. Okay. Is that all we need to say? <SEP> Yeah. It's been nice talking to you. You too. I think that was good. Okay. That was the best one. Usually I get distracted off the topic. You know what I mean. <SEP> Yeah. And we'll end up one man was telling me about his grandfather in Lithuania. And we were talking about something tot- income tax or something. All right. And I just. <SEP> Well good talking to you. Anyway I appreciate it. Have a good day. Bye-bye.
sw2295.txt:All right. Well on this subject I really hadn't had to deal with putting someone in there yet. But my mother's always been administrator of a nursing home. Uh-huh. So I've always been involved you know in one. <SEP> How do you feel about them I mean since you've kind of been close to that. Well I've Well I can kind of see both sides you know. I really can. Uh nursing homes to me. I would personally be the last resort you know I rea- you know if I had to put someone in there. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well I've had a touch of experience. My um dad had emphysema and got to the point where mother couldn't take care of him. Yeah. If it's a have to thing. Yeah. I. Yeah. <SEP> And uh she put him in. But he wasn't there very long before he died. Uh-huh. But um I guess um the one time that I saw him there you know as far as the surroundings that seemed okay. Uh-huh. <SEP> But um we kind of thought that maybe they just wanted to give him some medication to sort of you know keep him real out of it all the time. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> And that's always kind of bothered me. Yeah. Well I kind of think that's true too. I guess because it's so under staffed you know. Uh-huh. That's like everything else though. <SEP> I have a sister-in-law who runs a nursing home. But I've never actually been there. Uh-huh. And I know that she's the kind of person who wouldn't allow you know a lot of the horror things to take place that you hear about. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. But. But still I'm sure there are you know aspects to it that aren't really desirable. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I know. I've always. Well my sister's involved in one also. And I really think they really do a wonderful job. But still there's those little things that happens you know. <SEP> Yeah. There really is which. I think it's a wonderful place you know if it comes to that you know if you just can't take care of them any more. Well sometimes you don't have any other alternative. Uh-huh. That's it. <SEP> Family and friends are usually well family's tied up with their own lives and things and usually working. Uh-huh. Other things. <SEP> And it's hard to. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I think when the time comes I I hope to have the time to really look around you know and pick one that I really think my mother would be happy at. <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. I think that's important too. In fact there's a. I do too. <SEP> Outside's awful deceiving sometimes you know. Yes. <SEP> There's one close to where my mother is. But in order to get in you have to be able to um walk in on your own. In other words you can't be in you know too bad a shape to start out with. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But then if you deteriorate um they have a separate section for those who need care you know all the time. Ca-. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But it's always well. And they have a long waiting list too. So there's always this feeling of well golly gee you know you've got to be able to walk in the door. So you can't wait until you're too bad off. Off. Yeah. But then you don't want to go do that when you don't have to because like uh you have to give up your automobile or whatever. To. No. <SEP> Uh-huh. And everything you worked so hard for all your life. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> And if you're still capable of driving and doing those things then you feel like well gee I'm you know I'm isolating myself here for no reason at the moment. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it's kind of a that's a hard one. But it is a very nice nursing home. Now there is some really nice ones. There's also you know some private ones you know. Uh-huh. But of course I would never be able to afford to put my parents in something like that you know. <SEP> Yeah. That's the problem. That's way out of my reach. The expense of it all is. And uh what I another thing I hate to see is when someone has a small amount of money and they go into one of these places and they just eat it all up immediately. Oh yeah. <SEP> But those who don't have money can go in and get the same care. You know. Uh-huh. The very same. Yeah. <SEP> So I don't like that aspect. No. But I there's I think there's ways around it though that you know. Like they could put it in one of their children's names or something you know. Yeah. But still a lot of them doesn't feel comfortable doing that. You know it's their money. <SEP> That's right. You know that's how I feel about it anyway. Well yeah. I've talked to my mother about that several times lately. And I I said I want you to have control of your own business. Yes. <SEP> But you know what if. Yeah. My mother's seventy now. So naturally she's retired. But she's still on her own I mean. Yeah. Yeah. My mother's uh seventy-five and still has her own home and everything. I think that's wonderful. I really do. Just as long as they can. And then on the other hand I've seen some people go into the nursing home and just so happy you know. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. They have a lot of people around to do things with. Uh-huh. They're not lonely. <SEP> Some of those places have wonderful activities and things you know lots of stuff going on. Oh yes. Uh-huh. And they'll take them places. Yeah. <SEP> So. I don't know. It's not all bad. No. But I guess once you get ill then you know you really have some problems if you can't get around and do things. Around. Yeah. <SEP> But I really don't know what the other solution would be you know. No. I really don't. But no. When the time comes I'm really hopefully we'll really look around before I decide on one for my parents. <SEP> Uh-huh. Really do. Because I have been raised in one you know. So there's lot of things I know to look for. Yeah. And I don't think they'd want to go where they used to work either you know. <SEP> Yeah. I really don't. That might be kind of tough huh. It really would. Yes. Yes. And like I said my sister's still in it. And I really don't think my mother'd want to be there either. <SEP> Oh. Well it's been nice talking to you. Well you too. And I guess we'd better get back to work huh. <SEP> Okay. All right. Bye-bye. Bye.
sw3021.txt:Well I grew up out in the country and uh was used to having uh guns around the place. And uh I'm uh not for gun control in the strictest sense of the uh word. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I I think I'm kind of bent towards middle liberal of the bridge myself. Yeah. <SEP> You know I have quite a collection myself. And you know I'm a good hunter. And I started hunting when I was twelve years old. Of course my parents made me take hunters safety classes. And you know I don't want to see them ban guns completely. Yeah. But I don't want them to completely turn loose of their controls either. So. Yeah. Well I I feel that its uh. I think the what was National Rifle Association uh had this bumper sticker a few years back if uh about if you outlaw guns. Only outlaws will have guns then. <SEP> I believe that. And I believe that too because the person that is wanting to commit a crime is going to find a way to get a gum a gu- a gun a knife a a rock a stick whatever it is to commit a crime with. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And it's the honest citizens like ourselves that are responsible about use of guns uh. We can handle it. But there's an element that can't. <SEP> Yeah. And it's you know it's got to the point now where even our our police departments and our D E A agents and everything have to carry automatic weapons. Because everybody that's in drug trafet- trafficking has got them. They have got them outgunned. You know. Yeah. So. There was a an article in the paper just this week where I think it's uh one of the gun companies I can't remember which was developing a ten metal ten millimeter automatic pistol for the F B I which would give them additional firepower. <SEP> Um. It had held like a fifteen shot clip which uh would be able th- they would be able to put down anything that came at them. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. That would be. But you figure you got some drug guy out there that's got an Uzi machine gun uh a thirty-eight uh. Yeah. That's. Smith and Wesson revolver isn't going to do you much good. <SEP> No. It's sure not. Huh-uh. Yeah. I have lived in uh Illinois at one time. And they they passed a uh it wasn't really gun control. But it was you had to register as a gun owner. You didn't have to list your guns. Yeah. But you had to have this card. It was like a driver's license card that you had to have it in order to buy ammunition. <SEP> Um. And that was the first uh. This was twenty years ago. Yeah. But they had that so that they were trying to control it a little bit in that respect. <SEP> See in California they In California they make you register when you buy ammunition. Pardon? Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> You have to sign a you know. They take your name and driver's license number hunter hunting license number and all that good stuff before you can buy any big ammunition. Especially for handguns. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Now rifles aren't too bad. But you know any kind of handgun at all if it will fit in a handgun and a rifle you would still have to buy it or sign up for it. <SEP> Yeah. So. We lived in Tennessee for awhile. And I bought a pistol there. And there was a fifteen day waiting period. You had to fill out an application and go down to the sheriff's office and get fingerprinted. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then you had fifteen days while they checked to see if you had any kind of criminal record before that you could pick up the gun you were purchasing. Gee. <SEP> Gee that's not a bad idea. No. I think that uh you know a a waiting period uh can make a difference. Yeah. But again it's going to be the law abiding citizen that's going to comply with that. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It is. So there's I don't think there's any way to control the criminal element as far as guns is concerned because. No. <SEP> Th- the only way they could do it I think would be to stiffen the penalties on anybody using a gun. Right. Right. You know I think if we kind of stiffen them up a little bit course i-. I I feel kind of weird about that anyway. I think if somebody shoots somebody they ought to be shot. Yeah. I'm. <SEP> So. We we're getting into capital punishment now. Yeah. But you know. But I I agree with you there that uh. <SEP> It would definitely be gun control. Yeah. The uh the again the purpose of gun control is to control how it is being used is what the purpose should be. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. It's not to keep people from buying a gun that need one for a specific purpose legal purpose but to keep the guy that's illegal from getting his hands on one. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And I'm in favor of keeping the the illegal guy from getting one in his hands. But the legal person or lawful person should not be penalized because there is the criminal element. Myself. <SEP> Yeah. Well and the- they're actually a necessity in life you know. Oh yes. They're not you know. Not everybody needs a gun. But sooner or later I need one. You know whether I'm out hunting or you know. I'm never had to protect my life or. Yeah. <SEP> Well I did in the service but not you know not on the street. So I don't really need one in the in the aspects. You don't have to carry one in your car or your uh or your pocket all the time. No. Huh-uh. Yeah. <SEP> No. So mine are you know I use mine for recreation. Yeah. I don't. And I enjoyed my guns. Yeah. <SEP> I have a good time with them. So. Well I know what uh. I took my kids out and taught them out how to shoot a gun. My wife the same thing uh she knows how to shoot any weapon that we have no- not that I have an arsenal or anything. Yeah. But we have several guns around the house. One of these days my grandkids probably. <SEP> Probably. Yeah. But I think it's uh. You got to have have the pl-. Living in Dallas there's not that many places to go shoot. But uh still I think they ought to know how to use one and that it's not just a toy and that when it's not like on T V when someone gets shot uh they get back up. No. Huh-uh. If someone gets shot with a real gun they don't get back up. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I had to explain that to my. I've got a six year old now. And he you know. I have a fifteen year old and a seventeen year old well. They understand now. Yeah. <SEP> You know I've taken time to teach them. And now the young boy wants to know. And you know like I told him you're a little bit young for a gun. Let me go out here and you know we would start with the B B gun deal you know. Yeah. So he started with the B B gun and shot a couple of holes in a couple of windows. And I took it away from him. I said now you know so he's learning the hard way. <SEP> But at least it was a B B gun not a twenty-two or a four ten or something. So. I remember I had an old uncle up by Tulsa Oklahoma that took me out and uh showed me. This was it was not my it was my mother's uncle. This was a gentleman in his sixties. Um. And he took me out with him and uh single shot twenty-two and taught me how to shoot. <SEP> Uh-huh. We went squirrel hunting. And and uh he taught me how to shoot uh a old single shot twenty-two. All right. And I was probably about twelve at the time. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I thought that was the neatest thing. And of course Uncle Sam took me out took me hunting with him. Yeah. And he let me shoot and showed me how. <SEP> All right. I think there is a lot of responsibility on any of us gun owners to make sure that whoever is around us is at least safe and knows how to use one. Right. You know I don't want to get out there deer hunting and have some guy blow me away. So. Oh yeah. Well that's about all I. We agreed pretty well on this I think. <SEP> Yeah. I think so. Okay. Well it's been real nice talking with you. All right. Have a good one. Okay. Bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.
sw2836.txt:Okay. Uh far as you know crime in the cities I'm sure like in yours it's pretty pretty bad. Uh probably the biggest thing we've got going now is the robberies. And theft and probably murder are the two top ones that we have. Uh-huh. How about you? <SEP> Uh well I don't actually live in the city. But I'd probably say that's roughly right. I mean crimes against property seem to outnumber crimes against life. But I I think with the current war on drugs and all this kind of stuff I'd say probably the police department would claim the number one crimes crimes are probably solicitation of prostitution uh and sale of drugs. Uh-huh. Prob- probably right if you look at it from that stand point. Uh-huh. What uh. Is there anything uh that you particularly are concerned with in your particular area as far as security and that sort of thing? <SEP> Uh where I live now it's it's not so bad. I mean I can basically leave my front door unlocked and not have to worry about it. Uh but I do have friends that live in the city. And I think that they get a lot of fallout from this war on drug thing. Uh just because there are like crack houses you know on their street and stuff like this. Uh-huh. Do you live in a real small town or or out in the country? I live out in the country. Yeah. How far out from the city I mean do you. <SEP> I'm about fifteen miles out. About fifteen miles. I live in a little suburb uh which is I guess from Dallas is twelve miles or so. Uh-huh. But it's pretty congested. We are considered in the country. <SEP> Um. But it doesn't really feel like you're in the country. Um. Our major crimes in our immediate town uh is probably robberies house robberies and very few instances of you know alcohol drugs uh reported. <SEP> Uh-huh. However I'm sure they're there. Uh-huh. But uh right now our neighborhood is running about uh eighty percent of the homeowners have been robbed sometime during their their uh existence in that neighborhood. <SEP> Wow. That's huge. And since that time everybody's got some sort of burglar system or you know uh burglar alarms uh and including the out uh the outer perimeter type uh devices sensors and things like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. It's cut back you know considerably. But it it just shifts it from our neighborhood to another neighborhood to other neighborhood. So it still uh remains city wide pretty pretty high. <SEP> Are there are there any theories on why this is happening? Uh I would say the majority of it's happening during the day uh between probably ten in the morning and three in the afternoon. Uh-huh. Most. <SEP> But why? Why is it happening? Well most families most families are young. And both people are working. Uh-huh. So they're happening during the hours they're gone from work. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh so uh I would say that's probably their prime motivation. They'll they'll stock your house and uh look at your pattern and then go from there. So they're professionals? Uh they classify most of them as professionals. <SEP> Um. Uh you get a few of them that are a little bit sloppier uh just taking uh you know just junk items that they they can just get you know ten to twenty bucks for real quick. Uh-huh. Probably the biggest items that uh that you get in our neighborhood or would be the high classed automobiles. The you know Mercedes Volvos things that they can get you know big dollars for and the jewelry are the major targets. <SEP> Uh-huh. Guns that sort of stuff. Um. Very few you know penny penny ante stuff. <SEP> Well what do you think can be done to reduce that sort of crime? Well uh the police force for one. I think they could uh definitely add to the police force and the type equipment that they use. Uh it's. Oh right now I think we are about thirty thousand people. And there's only eight officers that patrol for thirty for that amount of people which is not very many. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. And. <SEP> But I mean that's going to tend to. I mean it seems to me that sort of approach will tend to simply make the cost of committing the crime slightly higher. In other words you've increased the probability of somebody being caught a little bit. The real question is how do you convince people not to commit such crimes in the first place. Well the. Course in our particular state uh we have the prison overcrowding whatever. So they're giving the early release uh. Right. They're doing that in our state too. Yeah. And and it's. I think what they need to do is stop building more jails and start giving stiffer sentences uh. But for the. <SEP> So you think that would be a deterrent? That would be certainly be a deterrent. Uh-huh. And uh not necessarily you know give in to their uh human rights desires. You know if they're overcrowded just keep cramming them in there till they just suffocate. Uh. <SEP> Well what about an innocent person who happens to have been found guilty? Uh I think they'd have to go to extra measures to make sure a person's guilty you know in a lot of cases. Course I I know you can't be a hundred percent foolproof. Right. Uh. <SEP> So you'd you'd rather see it harder to convict somebody. I'd rather see it a little bit harder and have a little bit more evidence uh to convict somebody. Uh-huh. And then those convicted especially of you know murder and and uh you know major crimes uh to reach the life sentences and you know death penalties and follow through with that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Huh. Uh especially you know in the case of murder. <SEP> Right. Uh I know in my case I my wife and daughter were kidnapped during a house robbery back in eighty-five. Oh wow. <SEP> Oh my goodness. And we caught the individuals got caught. We uh we went through the court system and all that sort of thing. Uh-huh. And uh you know two counts of kidnapping uh you know the the forty-five to the head you know just the the mental anguish and the whole nine yards uh you know the guy only got five years. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> Wow. And you know he was out within two months because of the parole system. So what what. Did you did you sue him under the civil system? Do what now? <SEP> Did you sue him under the civil system? N- no. I'm not real familiar with that. Well you could probably sue him for mental anguish or something right and try to get money from him. Oh. <SEP> And. Well the insurance companies and all that tried to tried to go after him. And they said well you know he they're he has no job. He has nothing. There's nothing that he has that that you could go after. Yeah. Makes you wish that had uh still had indentured servitude for this sort of thing. Yeah. Uh very seld-. <SEP> But they give the guy a job in prison and make him pay his damn debt. Yeah. They don't do that here. Course they pay them. But they don't you don't. You or the insurance companies never see any of that money. Yeah. That's too bad. And uh you know and they're right now they're reluctant to go after him because they're you know they're they're repeat offenders. They uh been in jail before. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. They've been released you know several times which is another uh deal I hate to see. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh you know basically the guy commits you know three major crimes and and uh and car theft on top of it destroys my car. Yeah. I I think that's re-. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And we're out you know uh you know fifteen thousand dollars. And you know the guy gets out in two months. <SEP> That's awful. And he goes out and commits it again. Fact he's back in jail now. So what what uh. Gives you sympathy for the vigilantes. Yeah. What what deterrent does he really have? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I think in our in our particular neighborhood vigilantism is becoming a real real possibility. Uh-huh. Uh we've had a couple instances where break ins where the people have actually you know shot the people. <SEP> Oh my God. And uh return offenders have. They've actually waited for them where they've robbed you know particular neighborhood. They'll rob one house. Then other people will wait up you know and wait for somebody to do something else try to take it in their own hands. Right. Course it doesn't always work out in their favor. <SEP> Right. But uh nevertheless I think people are just getting fed up and saying you know you can't arrest all of us. Uh-huh. You can you know you can get some of us. <SEP> Right. You can't get all of us. Uh-huh. Uh and we're beginning to see more and more of that. <SEP> And that that's a deterrent too. If you think the home owner might be armed right and awake. Yeah. Here you break in. And you're going to get shot. Yeah. That's I mean that's certainly a possibility in in. We have had a few cases where the guy has broken in you know during the middle of the night and gotten himself shot to death. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh it helps for a while. Uh-huh. But then just another different set of people come in. And most of the people are transients from out outside of the state. <SEP> Huh. Uh I would say probably eighty percent of them that are caught they're from places like up in Oklahoma and Louisiana Arkansas you know across the the border. Wow. So you know people who don't readily read the newspapers in our town or whatever. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's not many from the local communities. Uh-huh. But uh it's a problem. And I I just I think that the court systems need to be more accurate in in stiffer in their penalties. <SEP> Yeah. Would be a definite deterrent. And and uh giving the uh police uh agencies a little bit more jurisdiction over what they do when they when they catch these people. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean I I tend to agree with you. I think uh what I would like to see is number one completely getting rid of these victimless crimes. Uh there's no reason to enforce those and spend time and money doing it and and worry about these things where people are getting hurt. Right. And I think one of the big things that you can do is to increase deterrence is uh if someone is found guilty of a uh felony level offense they lose their citizenship. And they lose their constitutional rights. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know and just a lot of things that we're trying to worry about you know protecting these people from we just don't protect them. I know like in my wife's case they made her feel like the criminal. I know. And I think I think that's ridiculous. They they went to all all.
sw2533.txt:Okay um. What baseball team are you familiar with? Well I'm only a little bit familiar with the Red Sox because I lived up in Boston for a while. Really? <SEP> And um and that's. Oh now come on. No Texas Rangers? After that if you asked me that I wouldn't have been able to tell you if that was football or baseball. Really? I guess they paired two women together on this call for a reason which is something we can think about later. But um I understand a little bit about the Texas Rangers. I know George Bush threw out the first pitch hitter bounced off the ground. And that um. Yeah. I heard a joke on the radio yesterday that in regard that he didn't design the patriot missile system. <SEP> And uh the radio's kind of cruel. I mean think the he this chain that must have been on President Bush to bounce the first pitch off the ground. I mean goll- how humiliating for a man to do that any man. I don't care if you're President. Yeah. But at the same time I don't know it's pretty far to throw that far. I couldn't do it. I know. But he's a man. Come on. Men know how to do that right? <SEP> Right. He's supposed to be able to do that. I know so. I felt kind of sorry for him. That must have been hard on him because he's just a person. But um I never. A major owner of our t- of the team here. Oh really? I didn't know that. Yeah. He's like I thought he was the owner. But it turns out my Mom said that he's part owner. But he must own the biggest chunk. Because that's all you hear about is if you know about Neal Bush I think is his name. <SEP> Uh-huh. See I even know his name because he's on the news a lot. And I never had to watch the news not you know not like some people hour and a half a day or anything. Yeah. And I've been watching uh. My husband's French. And so if I've been watching the French news when I watch it. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's incentive. Speaking of Bush we're going to get a little off topic but speaking of Bush they that had a story where he went to visit some little uh elementary school students and stuff. Oh I saw that. Did you see that where he the guy asked him for proof of who he was. Yeah. <SEP> He said his. I want to see your driver's lic-. I I I don't. I know. And see a credit card. You're not President Bush. I know. And he said. Yeah. It does so fast. I heard it on the radio. I heard the audio portion on the radio in the car. But I didn't see it. But. <SEP> It was so funny to see. It was a really cute little kid too. That's about my extent of um about baseball. I don't know that much about it. Well I can tell you that the Mets opened I think two days ago. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because my brother was supposed to go to the opening game. And I couldn't tell you who pitched. Uh-huh. <SEP> But they won. The Mets won. Did they? But yeah. Not my a lot. And then somebody else lost. Maybe it was the other New York team which is the Yankees. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I don't even know if they're still New York Yankees or New Jersey. That's so stupid that you all have two teams. Yeah. That's really stupid. <SEP> Well but it. The- then they can have them play against each other. Yeah. I know. I think it's still the New York Yankees you know. Yeah. <SEP> I thought they were moving to New Jersey. This is how much I know about baseball. The Texas Rangers they they lost I think. Uh-huh. But I know that last year. We did go to a baseball game last year. We got free tickets because someone at our church one of the deacons at church um parks cars at The Mansion at Turtle Creek which is like one of the uh the places and stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. And he's their head chauffeur. Is this funny as they're parking the cars the valet service. Right. Yeah. He makes good money too doing that. You'd be sh- I was shocked. But anyway someone gave an Iranian a tip of four Rangers tickets last year. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then the Iranian couldn't. He didn't want them. So he gave them to Alan. And Alan and his Dad had plans that night. So they gave them to us. So he decided that some wealthy man tipped this Iranian with baseball tickets. With baseball tickets. And we ended up with them right. And so we were walking up. <SEP> Yeah. And I looked at my husband. And I said you know what Kyle this is The Mansion at Turtle Creek a tip. I bet these are really good seats. And so we ended up on first base right down there on the floor. Wow. Oh yeah. We they called us at five. And the game started at seven. So we just threw everything together ran over and got the tickets and walked. And so we took two kids with us. And nobody brings two children in these seats you know because. <SEP> Because they're fancy seats and stuff. Yeah. And you just sit down. And all the girls were all dressed up you know. I just was there you know. Like I'm loaded. I'm here you know. And uh it was just kind of funny. Because you know but we got to sit by first base. If they did hit a ball I would have been afraid it would have knocked my face in you know. I know I'm always scared of that whenever I go to a game. I rarely go. But we went last year. Because my brother my brother is impossible when um he does football leagues and baseball leagues and all kinds of stuff. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And if there's a game on he's watching it. I mean that's all there is to it. Really? <SEP> And he's like glued at the T V. I'm glad my husband's not like that. Oh I'm glad my husband's not like that either. I'd kill him. My brother's like that. And um see he goes to a lot of games. Not a real lot. But he tries to go. Then my father got us some tickets. Uh-huh. <SEP> So my brother's wife and my husband and I went. Last year we wanted to show my husband what a baseball game was because you know being a non-American you want to see what a baseball game is like. Uh-huh. And he describes it as you sit there in a crowd. It was nice weather and stuff. It wasn't a real problem. But you sit there in a crowd. And you're waiting and waiting and waiting. And you eat these lousy the hot dogs um. Because we made him try a hot dog you know. That's funny. <SEP> And um so you sit there. And you wait for the longest time really bored. And then all of a sudden something happens. But you happen to look the other way during the time. You miss the whole thing. Yeah. And so you're basically you sit there and wait for something exciting to happen. And when it happened he missed it and didn't understand it. That's funny. <SEP> And it Um he grew up out well he grew up in which is the sort of O strip east to west eastern part. Where is he from in France? Uh-huh. <SEP> But that. Yeah. I have a I had a friend in college from Strasbourg. Yeah. He's not that far. He was sort of in between Strasbourg and Paris. Uh-huh. <SEP> Paris. And my cousin lives in Paris. And she's lived there for like oh off and on for twenty years. Oh is she still there? Uh-huh. <SEP> Because. Saint Claude is that sound familiar? Yeah. Saint Claude. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. We used to. That's one of the um entrances to the periphery to get in and out of the city. Oh really? And it it it it sits right at the limit. Uh-huh. <SEP> I exactly where she is. But um we met in Paris. That's neat. Yeah. She married. And they have twelve children. Twelve children? She has twelve children. <SEP> Oh my God the poor woman. She looks gorgeous. No. She's gorgeous. And she just liked having kids. And she's thin. And I mean four or more children are thin. Were any of them twins? I mean I'm not kidding you. <SEP> You probably can't afford to eat if you have more than two of them. No. Your. I have a friend now that has seven. And um and they're all eight and under and nine and under. Uh-huh. They're all real young. They're just raised right. That's what God's told them to do. But they're not condemning you. If you. We only have one child you know. They don't say they don't put on bad or anything which is good because it would be easy I'm sure for them to do that. You get a conviction like that. And you think everyone should have it. And so I'm real proud of them because they're aren't really they don't do that at all. <SEP> Uh-huh. You go in their bathroom. And there's ten tooth brushes in there. And I always give her a hard time whose toothbrush did you really use this morning. But how do they afford to even have the kids uh. We're expecting our first baby almost any day. Uh-huh. <SEP> And Uh-huh. They live lean for one thing. And they tithe. And they. It puts a whole in your money bag. We don't honor God with this portion. And so they. I think that helps a lot. I think that's the key in he like his sales last year. He just works a normal job. He probably has an income of thirty-five thousand. But last year he made. That got him a bonus of twenty-five thousand which allowed him to pay cash for a full size van. He loves God. I mean it was the biggest thing that any one in this company had ever done. <SEP> Wow. And he got to do it. And so God just really blesses him in ways like that. Do trust God because I don't know kids are a blessing. And and some people you know we think of blessings as nice furniture and things like that. But kids are just as much of a blessing inside these material things. But it's a different kind. And a lot times people think oh well I'm not blessed. I have an old car. But you've got five kids you know. Uh-huh. You're just as blessed probably more because if you follow this. There's a good book called WHAT THE BIBLE HAS TO SAY ABOUT CHILD TRAINING by Richard Fugate. <SEP> Uh-huh. And he's you know. A lot of wisdom in it. And the kids at BIBLE talk about anything. But training and training is different than anything else. In in psychology doesn't address it. A lot of the psychology stuff the good stuff that's in psychology it just comes out of the BIBLE. And they don't quote you the proverb out of it. But the things that work in psychology other the years that they've proven to work they just come out of the BIBLE. And so this book it just really all these things and how to train the child. So they're not going to be a curse to you when they're thirteen. Uh-huh. What I mean how to train them so they're going to be a blessing. And so you know they do that. And they they just live lean pretty much. They don't she doesn't shop at Foley's you know and stuff like that. But a lot women die or shop at Foley's. So things. <SEP> I I don't know what Foley's is. It's like a Macy's kind of store. Uh-huh. It's pretty nice. And everything's pretty expensive. And you know you just can't do that. And you don't go to baseball games as much. Or you get pictures like we did. You know what I mean? <SEP> Yeah. You do these fun things you know in other kinds of ways. And I know Manhattan's real expensive. But um it's kind of a different situation because you're probably living in an apartment right? Yeah. Well that makes a really big difference. But but still it's just as hard as having that. Yeah. <SEP> But your cousin could have a baseball team with twelve kids. Well church softball leagues. So. Uh-huh. They're not all boys. And right now we don't have a girls' league because I'm the one that's supposed to start one. And I just haven't gotten around to doing it. I keep saying we need to have one. They go okay then start one. But everybody wants to do it. But you know God's sitting on my heart. And I just hadn't gotten around to doing it. But anyway so they could really only have four members on the team. I think they only have four boys. I don't even think they have but two old enough to play yet. <SEP> Uh-huh. But um then you didn't believe me about her kids. Are the they are so good. I'm not kidding you. But she does work with them. And it's a commitment. And that that's what they're called to do. Uh-huh. I have a. Most of my friends. <SEP> I admire someone that can do that you know. I really can. I know. I do too. I most of my friends have three or four kids. And they feel like you know that's really why God. And some of the people in our church use birth control. And some of them don't. I had my tubes tied. So you.
sw2072.txt:All righty. Uh I'll just hand it off to you. And hobbies in our spare time is what we've been selected to discuss today. Well uh the hobbies that I pursue in my spare time are crafts. And uh I've been involved in making uh hat stands and uh rag dolls and uh different type hats with uh flowers and roses you know and uh that kind of thing straw hats and all that kind of stuff. Oh. <SEP> And I enjoy it. It's relaxing. And you kind of get absorbed in it. So the time goes by you know before you realize anything is going on. And I play the organ sometimes uh just for my own satisfaction. Not for anybody else's ears. Because I'm not that good at it. But I like to bang on the keyboards once in a while. Oh really? How about yourself? Well oh hobbies gee whiz. I guess I got too many hobbies. So I never have time to deal with them. <SEP> Really? I like photography a lot. Oh yeah. That's neat. Uh I used to do that a lot. And then I like um. We have a new child that will be a year old here next week. So I'll take a lot of pictures of her you know and spoil them. <SEP> Oh that's great. Uh-huh. First one you know how that is. And um uh I play the guitar and a banjo. I mainly play the guitar a lot. I play about every night. And um I really love that. If I had a druther. If I could have if I could make it on the road I'd like to play on like a bluegrass band or something. Because that's. I've. Oh that sounds nice. I like bluegrass too. Yeah. I've done it before and when I was in hi- in high school and college and thoroughly enjoyed it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's really a a blast. My wife hates it. But that's the way life is I guess. That's the hard part right? Exactly. <SEP> If you can do things together that really helps a lot. Yeah. We uh. She's uh into aerobics. And uh and we did aerobics together for about a month and a half. Oh that's good too. And that went over real well. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh that's about it there. Oh it's good. And it's healthy too. Oh yeah. Yeah. <SEP> We do that too. We have a uh a treadmill and uh a bicycle and that kind of stuff. We try to get twenty minutes like at least three for four times a week you know. Oh that's great. Yeah. That's great. <SEP> And we like movies. That ki-. Yeah. Yeah. That's uh. Spare time. With a child it's kind of stra-. She's. We have uh. We're looking for a baby-sitter. So we've been out twice in o- in this year so far. By ourselves without the child. Uh-huh. So it's kind of uh become an issue you could say. <SEP> Sure. Um hobbies. I like messing around in your house building things and you know putting cabinets up and those kind of things um. Oh yeah. That's great too. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. We did some remodeling when we bought a house. We built put a kitchen in and um that kind of stuff and painting and some wallpapering. That's fun. It's really kind of fun. <SEP> It is. It really is. Especially if your spouse will get in there with you and get dirty. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I like things that you know two people can do. But I like the quiet of doing things away you know. Kind of gives you some space for yourself. And that's what I find in making the dolls and things that it gives me something that I can create. And I like to crochet and knit. I made some afghans and that kind of stuff. I like doing things with my hands. Uh-huh. Sounds like it. <SEP> Yeah. Do you like to cook? Yes. I love to cook. Yeah. I love to cook too. I'm uh. <SEP> Italian food. Oh really? Yeah. Pizzas and spaghettis and lasagnas and that kind of stuff. Well we're all skinny farts. So I. It. <SEP> So when it comes to. I like to cook and eat and to have mai- mainly I guess I get to. Yeah. Amount of people eat and then say man this is really good. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. It is. Um um but it just. Work in the garden work around the yard of course. <SEP> Do you do barbecues? Yes. We sure do. Smoke them an-. Well uh uh smoking and all that stuff? Oh yeah. All that hoedown stuff. <SEP> Yeah. Yep. All that stuff that's bad for you. I I lived in Abilene for a little while and uh worked in the Abilene plant. Oh sure. Yeah. <SEP> And we used to go to Joe Allen's Barbecue. And uh oh that was great. Oh yeah. Really great. That's uh only way to do it. <SEP> They have some nice stuff down there. I miss it. Well yeah. It's uh it's uh it's uh. There's uh there's pluses to everything. <SEP> Oh yeah. But you know seems like there's just so many things to do down here. I like the sports. I play a lot of racquetball. We did I did horseback riding too. In fact when my children were growing up we always had horses. And uh that was kind of for them. But they weren't as interested in it as we were you know. So uh that was a real. I'd say probably for maybe fifteen years we dabbled in that you know. We always had horses around. And I really enjoyed that. Oh that's great. Sounds like you. <SEP> And I was disappointed when I went to Texas. I didn't see that many of them. Horses? Yes. Yeah. You really don't. Yeah. Th- the. You have to look real hard to see a lot of things besides concrete uh. <SEP> I know. I know. It's true. There's buildings and concrete and a lot of people. And that's about it down here. And so. Uh-huh. Yeah. But uh that's great. Well sounds like you have a lot of nice hobbies there. <SEP> Yeah. You too. You too. Well great. Well look uh. I know it's probably late for you. Okay. I enjoyed speaking with you. <SEP> Me too. Have a good weekend. Okay. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye now.
sw2598.txt:Do you want to start? G-. Yeah. I'm trying to think what I've seen lately. I me- we-. Well we just finished watching uh TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES on tape you know. Did you watch DANCES WITH WOLVES. Did you see the movie? <SEP> Yeah. We we've seen that. Yeah. Did you like it? Yeah. It was great. Have you seen it? I thought it was very well done. <SEP> Yeah. I um. How about GHOST? We we saw an we liked it. But you know I didn't think it was as good as all the uh hype was about it. Right. I feel the same way about that too. It was okay. <SEP> Yeah. I don-. I I couldn't see it worth getting a nomination for uh best picture. No. No. And uh wh-. Let's see uh. The most recent ones that I've seen are those two GHOST and uh DANCES WITH WOLVES. But I rent uh uh videos. Do you? Yeah. Yeah. And so we just. You you watch many? <SEP> Uh it depends um you know it depends on wh-. Do you like the classics like uh GONE WITH THE WIND and uh you know the older movies. I'd like to see those. I keep you know um you know there's like three movies that I I keep telling myself that I should see one of these you know some day that I haven't seen you know that that are classics you know. Because I've never seen CITIZEN KANE. Yeah. That was good. <SEP> And never seen I've never seen CASABLANCA and never seen GONE WITH THE WIND. I think I've seen most of Humphrey Bogart's movies but in in you know a long time ago. Uh-huh. And uh like the MALTESE FALCON and all those uh uh. <SEP> Oh I I def-. We saw part of THE AFRICAN QUEEN on on T V a couple of years ago. Yeah. That was good. Yeah. And I've I've alwa- I've been wanting to see all of it. But we just you know we walk into the video store. And we're like well why don't we go see this now. So. Yeah. Yeah. It's true. <SEP> But um I think-. One of the movies we saw recently we saw uh MISERY. Oh I didn't see that one. That was good um. Really. <SEP> Oh it was great. And it. You think you know for a Stephen you know it because it was by Stephen King it would be really gory. But there's only one. Well there's a couple scenes at at the end there's there is you know some blood and everything. And there's one really bad scene where it's I mean there's not blood but it's pretty graphic. Yeah. <SEP> But it's um it's a really good movie um. Really. Is that the one where uh the guy gets captured by that women? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. <SEP> He's a writer. And um she's his biggest fan. And she's also a little a little on the nutso side. Yeah. Right. Uh-huh. Did you see PACIFIC HEIGHTS? <SEP> No. We haven't um. I saw that one. That one wasn't that great either. Oh it wasn't? Well I didn't think so. No. <SEP> Oka-. I I got. I heard like mixed reviews um of that. We s-. How about SILENCE OF THE LAMBS? That's that's on our list of things to see. I know. I I wanted to see. I I was curious if you had seen it. And that uh. <SEP> N-. Our big thing is um. You know mo- movie prices up here. I think it's like six bucks now in the theaters. Yeah. You know. So it's like. You know a lot of things we try to catch like at the dollar theater or matinees. And then a lot of other stuff we just wait until it comes out on tape. That's us too. Yeah. Yeah. True. I know it's too bad that they've gotten so expensive. <SEP> Ye-. Well one movie we saw in the last couple of months that we really enjoyed was uh EDWARD SCISSORHANDS. Oh really. Yeah. Have you seen that? No. <SEP> Oh it was great. Really. Yeah. It was. I thought it was kind of maybe for kids more than ad-. <SEP> No. No. It's um it's an odd film. And it's really interesting that. I like the director a lot um a guy named Tim Burton. Uh-huh. Did you ever see the movie BEETLEJUICE? Uh part of it. I I never really watched the whole thing. <SEP> Oh ok-. Oh se-. Yeah. Well if you if you liked BEETLEJUICE you'll probably like EDWARD SCISSORHANDS. If you didn't like BEETLEJUICE you'll probably won't like EDWARD SCISSORHANDS. Oh really. <SEP> Yeah. It's um. Burton's kind of uh e-. He's a very odd odd man. But he's. I think he's very interesting. And uh I liked those two movies of his a lot. Uh-huh. He did BATMAN also which you know. Yeah. That was pretty good though really. <SEP> It was good. But I mean he was um. When you think of what it takes to make some of those kind of movies you know. Yeah. You see it for uh you know a couple of hours or an hour. And it really. There's a lot in it when you look at the scenery and the cars and all the different stuff like that you know. <SEP> Oh yeah oh. Yeah. Who's your favorite actress or actor? <SEP> Um don't really know. I like Costner a lot. But uh I'm a big I'm a big baseball fan. Uh-huh. So you know after BULL DURHAM and FIELD OF DREAMS you know. Yeah. <SEP> Um although you know. That was good. I saw that movie too. That was very good. Which one? FIELD OF DREAMS. <SEP> Yeah. FIELD OF DREAMS was good. Um and I I think I liked the other movies he's done. NO WAY OUT was really good. And. Oh yeah. Yeah. Did you ever see SILVERADO? SILVERADO. Uh who who was that with? <SEP> Um let's see. Danny Glover Scott Glen Kevin Kline um Brian Dennehy Jeff Goldblum's in. Uh John Kreas is in it if you don't blink. That. The nam-. The the title sounds familiar. I'm trying to thi-. It was it was a big western. I mean I think Roseanne Arquett was in it too another one that if you blink you'd miss her. Uh it was. And I think it was like a three hour movie or two and a half hours. And and it was one of those ones that could have been four hours if they hadn't cut a lot out. Oh really. <SEP> Um but it was it was really good. Um. I I might have seen part of that because the name sounds familiar although I wo- I would remember I think in with him in it. Uh-huh. How about REVENGE. Did you see that with him? <SEP> No. I didn't. Is that any good? With uh Anthony Quinn. I thought it was. I like everything he's done so far. Oh okay. You know it's uh one of those movies that it's not a great movie. But it was okay. <SEP> Yeah. We were in the video store today. And somebody was recommending it to somebody. You know the the people who run the video store was recommending it to somebody else. Yeah. It was it was not a bad movie. Huh well I'll have to catch it one of these days. You sa-. You you said you seen NO WAY OUT? Yeah. That was excellent. <SEP> Yeah. That was very good. Um he was in THE UNTOUCHABLES too. Now that's another one I wanted to see. Tha-. In fact that was advertised not too long ago. Yeah. It was on um. Cable? <SEP> No. It was on one of the networks I think last weekend. Uh or two weeks ago. Okay. I know I saw yeah something about it. Yeah. I um I wish I I mean I'd seen it when when you know it was originally in the theaters. And um I saw it you know I saw part of it again. Uh-huh. <SEP> I mean I like you know I like Costner. I like Sean Connery. And uh there's this one there's this one actor. It's really silly that I enjoy him a lot. But I I've really enjoyed him in everything I've seen him in a guy named Charles Martin Smith. I don't know him. Um you've probably seen him. And just an. You know oh that's who the guy is. <SEP> Do you remember. Did you ever see AMERICAN GRAFFITI? No. I I don't think so. Oh. Did you ever see the movie STAR MAN. Yes. <SEP> Okay. In STAR MAN he was the guy chasing after um Jeff Bridges and Karen Allen or Nancy Allen. Okay. Okay. You know w-. Short nerdy guy with glasses. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> He's he's just. I I don't know why but he's always a lot of fun in every movie he's in. He was in the UNTOUCHABLES. He was the accountant. Oh oh I know who you mean. Yeah. He was in uh uh HONEY DO N'T SHRINK THE KIDS wasn't he? <SEP> No. No. You're thinking of Rick Moranis. He looks like Rick Moranis. But he's not. Oh okay. Se-. All right. Yeah. That's the one I was thinking of. But I have I've seen quite a few movies. I I enjoy them. I think that uh it's it's kind of like uh good entertainment. An uh an escape type of thing. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. How about some of the ads. Do you go by the ads when you look at them or the reviews? Do they influence you a lot. Uh a little of. E-. E-. A review usually won't make me go see a movie I hadn't already wanted to see. Yeah. Did you see GOODFELLAS? <SEP> No. It's o- uh. I want to see it. That wa- that was pretty good. Um and. Um we want to see GODFATHER PART THREE also. But my my girlfriend's seen part one and part two although she saw them years ago. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I've never seen either of the first you know of the of the GODFATHER movies. So we're probably going to like rent those some time and then try to see GODFATHER PART THREE somewhere. I was just going to say th- you should see those fi- uh first if you can. Yeah. If y- if you read the book it's uh even better. The book was excellent. <SEP> Oh okay. I haven't never read it. Yeah. And uh I was a little disappointed in the third on-. It's GODFATHER THREE. It was not bad. But I expected more I think. <SEP> Uh-huh. We just rented um a couple weeks ago a movie called THE FRESHMAN. With um. It's got Matthew Broderick in it and um uh Marlon Brando. And Brando like does a parody of the character he played in THE GODFATHER. Oh really. Um yeah. It's it's one of the reasons why you know THE GODFATHER's been on our minds lately. Um but uh there's a bunch of scenes from uh uh from THE GODFATHER that's used because Matthew Broderick's going to film school. <SEP> And uh in his classes they're using there's a bun- they're running a bunch of scenes from THE GODFATHER. And then he's running into Marlon Brando who is playing you know this Maf- you know this uh organized crime head. Uh-huh. So it's um it was it was a fun movie. How about Tom Cruise do you like his stuff? COCKTAILS. <SEP> Uh. Or uh. I liked RAINMAN. I thought I thought it was interesting that he was doing som-. Oh yeah. That was good. I liked RAINMAN too. <SEP> Yeah. Well I'm. Being from Baltimore of course I'm a big Barry Levinson fan since uh he he's you know he's done a bunch of Baltimore movies. Uh-huh. Um n-. Barry Levinson did um DINER and TINMAN and AVALON which are all set in Baltimore. Yeah. They sound familiar. I probably saw parts of those. You know a lot of times I'll wa- I'll start watching a movie. And I'm tired. And it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Next thing you know it's it's. Especially if there's commercial in it. Ye-. We-. And then the titles might sound familiar. But I really don't know what they're all about. <SEP> Ye-. Of the three of those DINER's probably the best. I mean they're they're all pretty good. But DINER is really worth seeing. Is that the one set in the fifties or sixties. Uh late fifties. Yeah. Late fifties. Yeah. I think I saw that one. <SEP> Okay. And uh. How about Meryl Streep.
sw3517.txt:Okay. Okay. I guess we're ready to start. Well I guess what part of t- what part of the country do you live in? I'm in Dallas Texas. <SEP> Oh okay. What about yourself? Well I'm also in Dallas. Okay. <SEP> The reason that I ask is the two conversations I've had have been out of state. Uh-huh. But uh have you always lived here in Dallas. And. No. I've lived here for almost five years now. <SEP> I see. And I'm a uh. Before that I was at school in Rochester New York. And I'm originally from Boston. Oh well you are seeing quite a different climate and quite a different neighborhood. That's right. But I like it. <SEP> You probably have enjoyed getting away from the snow. Well I missed it at first. But now I go back there. And I'm a real wimp about the cold. So I like it here. Yeah. It's nice. <SEP> Well that's good. I I have lived in Texas essentially all my life. Uh-huh. Around in Texas. And uh I have traveled up in the northeast and around and have enjoyed it. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh I don't know. I'm not sure I would want to take on those winters. I'm getting older and uh not sure that's something I want to do. I know. <SEP> I live uh over in the Lake Highlands area if you're familiar with that. Uh tell me where that is uh. Okay. I I probably do know. <SEP> Uh you. But I don't know it by that name. This is pretty well where L B J and Audelia Skillman cross. Okay. <SEP> Sure. We're just north of uh White Rock Lake. Oh okay. Yeah. I know that area. That's a nice area. <SEP> Well we have some very nice hou- homes here in this area. Uh my particular. I guess they want us to describe the area. So uh my particular area the homes run anywhere from about sixty-five eighty thousand dollars on up to probably half a million. Uh. Oh that's quite a range. <SEP> Yes. Uh the homes that were here earlier were smaller. Now they've gotten larger and larger as as they have developed the land. And of course it's pretty static right now. And all the values over here have dropped off because of the economy. Uh-huh. Yeah. How about you? Well I am uh I'm gosh I'm barely in Dallas. I'm just north of Addison Airport up on the tollway. <SEP> Okay. Okay. And I guess we have a similar situation. I mean we've got houses two streets away that are probably around seventy eighty thousand. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then we've got Bent Tree right across the street. So I don't I don't even know how high those go. Okay. But some of those are pretty big. <SEP> Yes. Those are over a million. Yeah. So it's that's the strange thing about I guess Dallas because back where I'm from you wouldn't have that sort of a variation at all. They'd all be pretty similar to one another within a a couple miles. So. Well we have suffered from real lack of land use planning in Dallas. Yeah. <SEP> Not as bad as Houston. But exactly what you're describing is what happens all over. Uh-huh. Yeah. I've noticed that. Well now do you live in a a home or zero lot home. Uh-huh. <SEP> Or. Uh we've got a house. Let's see. We moved in about four years ago. And it was it had previously been unoccupied. But it had existed for three years. Okay. This is a whole block of homes that uh a builder built all of them. And I guess he he did some crazy thing to get some extra money from the bank and then ran away type of deal. <SEP> So the whole block was all foreclosed. Oh. And so some were vacant for quite a while before they you know they finally sold them because there were so many. <SEP> Well your was your house in good shape. Was it damaged? Yes. No. The only thing that we were worried about was the air conditioner because they'd have it just running constantly with the doors and windows open. Oh it was? But. Yeah. <SEP> Oh. So we just you know we bargained to get an extra warrantee on that. I see. And uh we're really we haven't had any problems. And you know we had originally thought we'd have to get a fix up special or something because being from the northeast we figured we couldn't afford anything. But the prices are much lower here. And this was definitely not a fix up special. But I'll tell you. It takes all my time. <SEP> Between we put in our own sprinkler system. And I just finished repainting the exterior and you know making drapes and buying furniture. It's just a money pit. Really is. Yes. I am familiar with that. So. Uh-huh. <SEP> I where I live is a house that's seventeen years old when I bought it. And we bought it from someone who was in it. But before they had it I found out after I had been in the house it it had sat empty for the better part of a year. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I'm not sure what happened. But I do know the folks that we bought it from had done virtually no maintenance for for about four years. Oh no. I I I found a lot of things. But.
sw3252.txt:Do you have any? Sure. I have a Springer Spaniel. And her name is Thumper. She's about seven or eight years old. I got her for Christmas from my family and uh back when we lived in Nebraska. I like to hunt. And uh so I thought that if I had a good hunting dog like Thumper that boy I could just go out and get all kinds of game. Did it work? <SEP> Yeah. Except we live in Plano Texas now. No. Right. So. I um I had a for many years I had a dog that was part Springer Spaniel. I just love them. Her name was Molly. But she isn't alive any more. We had her for um fifteen years I think my family did and just loved her. She was the greatest greatest um went through two generations of children in my family and was always very gentle. <SEP> Do you have a pet now? Yeah. I have a cat now. He just turned seven also. And he's I um got him in Arizona and when I used to live there. Oh. And he is huge. He is eighteen pounds. <SEP> What kind of cat is it? Just. Um I got him. He was um he was born in the wild like in a in a shed and had never been in a building when I got him. Uh-huh. So he. And he's he he must be part cross part with some kind of desert animal because he's very long and lanky. But he's a very tame spoiled house cat you know now that I've had him for seven years. <SEP> Being born outside you didn't have any problems house training him? No. No. That's good. He's. Yeah. He's great. And uh he's uh he's really spoiled though. So but he's really big. So lots of times he it he seems to get in fights. And when he was younger I think he started them. And now I think he barely makes it. I think he gets beat up even though he's big because he's pretty much overweight and comes home with a few scratches now and then. <SEP> Sure. And older. <SEP> Yeah. Well we went to a cat show at the Plano Center here in town. And uh we thought that we have a cat now. But we thought Well if we ever get another cat you know we'd want something kind of unique. So we kind of looked around. And they had everything from hairless cats to Siamese cats and Persian cats. And we sort of fell in love with the uh Maine Coon cats. Oh I've seen them. I. <SEP> They're huge. Yeah. I have seen them. They um weren't they they were. Actually I can't remember. They were used to be used on ships and in for for mousers you know. Oh. So they're very nautical too. <SEP> I'll be darned. I didn't know that. Yeah. I just. Uh I think I'm I think I'm being accurate in the in the area of folklore. But I'm not sure. Well that's interesting. Yeah. <SEP> We kind of like. Well my family didn't necessarily like like them as much as I did. But the Manx is that the one that doesn't have a tail. Yeah. It sort of has a bob tail. I kind of like that too. But. Yeah. I'd love to go to a cat show. I'm real a real cat lover. I'd have a lot more cats if my boyfriend would let u- let me. <SEP> He doesn't really like mine let alone another one. Well I'll tell you an interesting story about how I got my dog. And then I suppose our five minutes will be up. Yeah. Okay. <SEP> I work for a university. And I went to uh Omaha Nebraska to recruit students. And I had some time off in the afternoon. So I went to a a pet shop. And I saw these little Springer Spaniels. Um. And so I decided well you know this would really be a nice dog to have. So when I got back home to Carney Nebraska I told my wife about it. And I said You know this is just a. I I I can just hear the dog crying for me now. I know what you mean. <SEP> And Christmas is coming up hint hint. And so I had to go back the next week as well as a bunch of other people from the university. And one of the people uh that we went with uh they were friends of ours. And so we got to Omaha. And I decided I'd take my friend over and show him the dog. And so I got over there. And she said Oh that's too bad the dog has already been sold. And I didn't realize it. But this guy had somehow worked it out so that he got there a little bit earlier bought the dog. And she was in the back room. And so that night we had a reception for some of the uh potential high school students or college students. And and uh he had the dog the whole time in his room. And and I had no idea. And so we headed back to Carney that night. And the dog rode in the car. And we stopped along the way and had a bite to eat. And they left the dog in the car. And I guess while we were inside eating Thumper just tore the heck out of the inside of the car. And uh finally we made it back to uh to Carney. And.
sw3161.txt:The AIDS issue is is a bit of a problem. I guess the first thing that comes to my mind not having any immediate friends with that problem is is the financial end. And how can a country stand to uh spend as much or much more than they already are on such a problem uh. But then that kind of thinking is also tempered with the the knowledge or at least the the rumor I'm not really sure if it's true or not that uh we're not spending as much per let's say afflicted person on cancer. Uh there's some uh. Take breast cancer for instance. It seems to be doing much more damage and affecting much more pe- many more people than AIDS. And yet uh more people die of it. And yet the funding has already uh exceeded. AIDS has more money than uh breast cancer. Than. Well that's interesting isn't it. Yeah. So uh. I mean if it's true. I I've I've always heard these things. I've never bothered to dig it out and make sure. But uh I've heard it on more than one documentary that uh they were complaining that whoever's sitting up there making these decisions or whatever institutions raise the money and uh. It's just one big P R campaign that. Yeah. We think that's the world's worst thing. So let's give money to AIDS. And yet we've had breast cancer problems for years. <SEP> Right. And it's just. One of those uh course one of the shows I saw was taking it from the angle that since it doesn't effect men it's not going to get funded. And uh having thought about that for a while. What did you think about that idea? Well I I kind of I thought well that that might be possible since there are a lot of men in control of that kind of thing. But then I got I got to thinking the the number one killer of men seems to be the prostate. And there's only one test that just recently got developed uh a blood in- antigen uh antibody test for the antigen in the blood. And that's fairly recent. And yet men have been dying from prostate cancer for years. <SEP> They've not really given it attention either. Yeah. So it's not really cured. Yeah. It's not uh not that heavily funded either. And then that seems to be one of the the major uh problems that men have in the realm of cancer. So I don't know. I I guess there's just some strange public opinion as to who they want to give to. Uh be it through different organizations March of Dimes type uh telethons or or bicycle rides or whatever how they fund whatever uh illness they wish. Right. It's kind of hard to to get an even keel on that. I mean it's really hard to say. Well there's you know a hundred thousand per year affected by this one. So let's give it this amount. And then this other one's only a tenth of that. So give it a tenth of that and and just keep doling it out that way. Or. <SEP> Well I'm I'm glad I'm not the one that's that's in charge of of making those decisions. They uh you wish that there could just be money for all these problems because they're all so serious you know. I mean it's not so serious I guess until it affects your family. And then all of a sudden it's the most important thing. Right. So I I would hate to have that responsibility just personally. But but then again we really we really do have it as a society to decide which things we need to address. I uh I guess I it it frightens me to think of so many people with with AIDS and with cancer. And many of those things uh if they're not able to to be insured then the country's going to pay for it one way or the other. Whether it's through prevention or or treatment or you know just uh just helping the people when they are not able to take care of themselves. Right. <SEP> It seems like one way or the other we're going to end up paying for it. That's true. But. You know the the other thought that I had uh. I've had several minutes to think about this after I uh. While I was finding people I uh I could think about the topic longer that the person that receives it. So it's kind of a a unfair advantage as it were. <SEP> But the other thing that I thought of on this is I wonder if there isn't enough money uh in our economy or in our system. Uh it seems like there's so much that goes to things that don't really do a whole lot of good. I mean yeah. They're kind of nice. But we have such an affluent a- society society that I wonder if if we took a little from here and there and the other if we might wind up with a a cure for just about everything. Just change our p-. Of course then we wouldn't have any room to put people. But that's. <SEP> Right. Just change our priorities a little bit. Yeah. You know you hear these ridiculous figures for pizza. Or you hear these these phenomenal amounts of dollars spent for this that or the other. And then you have all the arts that that are nice and aesthetic. But are they that enhancing for the for the masses you know. <SEP> Right. They certainly do well for those who go to the symphony orchestra and all that. But uh had all that donation and time and labor and effort gone toward something else.
sw2645.txt:So the general topic is hobbies. Yes. Let's hear about your hobbies. <SEP> Well let's see. What kind of hobbies do I have? I guess uh I it's more not so much a hobby but things I enjoy doing. I enjoy playing basketball and and basically all kinds of sports. And uh. Any handicrafts? Excuse me. Any handicrafts? <SEP> No. Not not really um. No. I'm really not too creative. Well I uh you know around with my hands and things like that. I leave that more up to my Mom. So um I think I'm in handicraft. Oh yeah. I think it will become resume writing. <SEP> Oh well let's hope that you you aren't employed by that craft for too long. Uh yeah. I I hate to think about it. And and I'm getting rather good at reading want ads. Uh-huh. Yeah. It it. <SEP> Wh- what kind of time frame is it uh looking for the uh different shifts up there? I. Who knows. Is it uh. Basically I had read that they're just looking at relocating them all to McKinney is it Texas. No. All means about fifteen to twenty percent of of oh. <SEP> Oh wow. I'm sure the number's s- somewhere classified. But some of the internal news and the news services. So it's approximately six fifty. Uh-huh. So ten percent of six fifty is sixty-five. And twenty percent would be one thirty. <SEP> Wow. How about that. Yeah. That's what it did report was a hundred and thirty relocating down to McKinney. Yeah. That's possible. How about that. Well that's uh that's unfortunate. Is there many other. Are you in the defense? Oh yes. <SEP> Is it uh many other corporations in the area? Uh I saw Seven Eleven that was hiring. Well I'm sure with the new uh aw- contract awarding. I I think it went to Lockheed didn't it? Yes. <SEP> That uh I hear they're hiring all over the place for that. Yeah uh. No. Apple's coming to town. And and that has some opportunities. Oh really? And uh and. <SEP> Now is that ad good just to Colorado or to Colorado Springs? Colorado Springs specifically. Yes. How about that. And uh and uh M C I -s coming if if telemarketing is your bag. <SEP> Uh-huh. Personally I'd rather die a slow painful death. But. Well you in the uh computer operations or in the actual uh manufacturing? Uh I'm a defense worker. I'm government tool control specialist. <SEP> Right. Yeah. That's why I was in the Deseg down here in Plano also. Are you still employed? Am I still employed by T I. No. I took a leave of of T I back in November. Oh. <SEP> Actually December was my first month away from them. Exempt or? Exempt. Oh yes. <SEP> It uh unfortunately I guess for myself it wasn't uh it was purely by my own choice. It wasn't uh there was no incentive for myself to leave. But it was just an opportunity arose. And decided to take it. Oh so you didn't even get the severance package. No. I should have taken the the the you know uh option when that was there. But it was just I missed it by a couple months. But you know what can one do. I'm just happy still to have a job. So are you happy with what you are doing now? <SEP> Yeah. I am kind of happy with it. It's getting better all the time. I knew it would be different from the very beginning. But you know as you get to know more of the people that work there and more of what's going on with the system. So I was in the computer operations. It's uh you know it all starts to become similar. There's you know there's benefits. And there's things that weren't as good. Yeah. But as an overall package I'd say I'm pretty happy so far with the way it's turned out. Good. Good. Well it hasn't been a long time T I. Or I I'm significantly shaken by the situation but not devastated. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well the one thing I guess at least in your favor is the the fact that that is more in the support of the manufacturing. And there's lots and lots of companies that have maybe not in the de- the defense area but manufacturing in general. To tell you the truth I'm I'm I'm not really worried. Uh-huh. That's great. That's good. And and I seem rather happy about it most of the time just just to know what's possibilities are you know what might happen. <SEP> Uh-huh. Sure. Yeah. <SEP> Sometimes it's good just to have everything out on the table. But still in all it feels funny. It may be a blessing in disguise. <SEP> I know a number of people who are uh surplused. And they're just. Actually what the positions that they found outside of the company were much much better than the ones that they currently had inside. So despite the fact that I should be tying flies or fly fishing or or going for walks in the mountains I can't seem to get into it right now. Exactly. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well I'm sure it's just with the the the the way that things are so topsy-turvy right now as soon as you dec- decide on a pass. Uh situational. I've I doubt I'll be here in six months. Uh-huh. Well would you like to be there? I. All things being equal yes. <SEP> Uh-huh. But or or even somewhere better. Sure. But God this is much better than west Texas. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well just take the day. But then they they tell me Hell is much better than west Texas. Well actually uh the the Plano Dallas Houston you know Austin that whole area is is actually quite quite nice. I my little brother lives in Austin right now. <SEP> Oh that's a beautiful place. Goes to U T. Uh-huh. That's just fantastic down there. Take it more as a. This is your opportunity to do whatever you want. Pick out where you want to live. And then once you pick that spot out pick out what you want to do. I see that's the problem. For the last many years I've more or less let them direct what I want to do and where I want to go. And just kind of go with the punches. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Sure. And now I feel lost. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's a. It it takes a bit of a shift doesn't it. Oh I had job offers. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I never found the one that was worth it for me to leave. And that. Uh-huh. Well the best thing about it is that you can uh try something. If you don't like it shoot move on to something else. That's the way I would have looked at the whole thing here. I'll take a chance. If I don't like it I'll go someplace else do something different. Oh so had you been with T I long when you changed? <SEP> Five years. Huh. Well there's a noticeable difference there. Yeah. I've been with them sixteen. <SEP> Yeah. I can imagine you know the longer and longer it goes. Actually seventeen now. And oh yeah. Momentum is uh driving force in our lives. Uh-huh. But so yeah. I'm looking as as a opportunity. <SEP> Well that's good. You've got a good attitude about it. And and I'm looking at it as a change. Uh-huh. And I'm looking at it as as an adventure. <SEP> Right. There you go. That's the way to do it. And maybe I'll wet a fly line this year and do some camping if I don't get laid off between now and then. There you go. That's the thing to do. That's much funner than doing any kind of job. Ha how about we end this? <SEP> That will work out just fine. Nice talking to you. All right. Nice talking to you. Bye. <SEP> Good-bye.
sw3168.txt:Okay. Uh well since I initiated the call I guess I'll start off first. Uh number one I have absolutely no problem with random testing. Uh. I spend an awful lot of time traveling on the job. And I feel I would be very comfortable if they would do drug testing for particularly airline pilots and the such. I'd feel much more comfortable than I do now based on what I've been hearing in the newspapers. So I really don't have a problem with it. Yeah. Uh. I don't either. I uh I've never. I don't work at home right now. I stay home with my children. Uh but my husband works. And they do have that at his place of employment. And neither of us have a problem with it. We've particularly like you said with the things that the airlines and and such. It's uh it's a scary thing to know that uh you just don't know what people are doing uh before they go to work. Uh-huh. <SEP> So and the the advertisements on television lately have been so uh. There have been so many. You know. There's uh. Yeah. Just about. Like train tr- train wrecks and things like that that. I feel like. Probably just for our own safety when we're traveling and things that would be something I'd like to know that's going on. Yeah. I well I happen to be uh. My job is I'm supervisor of personnel safety for the world's largest paint company. So I. It's very near and dear to me when we start talking about drug testing for random sampling and testing for cause this type of thing. And even in our field we have people that are in very high risk jobs. And we at the present time do not have random testing. <SEP> Um. And I am pushing towards that. I I honestly feel if people have nothing to hide they shouldn't have a problem with it. Right. And if they are trying to hide something then I have to know that because we're t- we're talking major liabilities. Not only with themselves but with other employees. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I really you know. They they're talking about sports and sports personalities and all this stuff that I I would much much prefer having doctors and airline pilots tested on a random basis. Yeah. I I have a real fear. But that at some point something's going to happen. And they're showing it with AIDS. So why you know. They sh- they ought to start doing something with the drugs. So I really have no problem with it. <SEP> Yeah. Well it's it's unfortunate I think that everyone doesn't have that opinion. Uh some people just uh I've heard some people just talking in our group of friends that they just feel it's an invasion of privacy and things like that. But uh in the long run it seems to me it's kind of like what they keep talking about the uh the AIDS testing with doctors or dentists and things and how that you know. Uh-huh. They feel that's not fair and whatever. But you know those kind of things I'd like to know myself. Yes. <SEP> It wouldn't be. In my opinion. I I've had a lot of dental work done. And the last dentist didn't even use gloves at all. So. Oh really? That kind of. Yeah. And uh so that kind of thing really kind of concerns me. Well that scares me because if th- that's the way they are. I. If I were a dentist I'd want to be protected too. <SEP> Well you would think so. Uh-huh. That is because well. And I worked for a dentist. And that's uh you know. You you come in contact with a lot of of blood and things like that. And it's real real dangerous. Uh-huh. <SEP> I I would think. But with all the accidents just with with uh everything happening with. Just. Airlines just drive me crazy. People are afraid to fly now. You know just because of they don't know what their pilot's been doing and and things like that. Right. And. Uh-huh. <SEP> I don't know. Well you where you're located I I do know Texas Instruments has random drug testing. Uh-huh. And I think they've had it for several years. And their program they had I don't think had a lot of uh problems associated with it. But uh my brother-in-law happens to work there. And it it sounded very positive. And I I think it's great. I I would like I would encourage it. I'm pushing our company towards that. <SEP> Well and you know if they do find someone who who is uh having a problem with drugs. And they can get them the help that they need. As opposed to just letting the problem go on with without any uh support. And whatever. Right. Exactly. <SEP> Because a lot of people seems like would probably obviously are trying to hide that uh from their employer and friends and family and things. Uh-huh. And too many people are just dying. Particularly in our area. Right. <SEP> I don't know what the crime is like where you are. But the crime rate here is just astronomical. Ours is changing. Yeah. Ours ours is changing. It's increasing. I live in a I live in a very nice suburb. And it's it's it's unbelievable what what what's going on and the drugs the selling of drugs. It's just it's just too loose. It's too free. Uh-huh. I just got a piece of paper the other day uh that now they have these. I have two little very little children under two. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I got a piece of paper from from my husband's office. It's talking about these uh drug tattoos now that they have got. Really? That look like it looks like a sticker. And it's for kid.
sw3286.txt:So what do you think about it? Well I found it interesting that they started off with a problems of immigration in America and then went back and said well if there is a problem what should we do about it? Right. <SEP> Yeah. I guess that's so. Do you feel there's a problem with immigration in America? Um uh I think there's some problems. But they're not really big ones. I think that um in general the whole immigration policy isn't quite as open as it should be. That it's really pretty hard for people from other countries to get in here even if they're educated and will be a good asset to America. It's often hard for them to get in and get on the track towards citizenship unless they marry a citizen or something like that. <SEP> Okay. That's interesting. I was I was wondering what your response would be. I'm a first generation American. Okay. So I'm from immigrant parents. Or an immigrant mother anyway. Uh where did you come from? <SEP> Okay. Okay. So where did your parents come from? <SEP> Uh Poland. Okay. And. And that was you know prior to World War Two. Uh-huh. <SEP> But it's interesting that you know with the topic I think I agree with you. Yeah. There needs to be more of an open policy. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you know we have to remember the Chinese came here and were our labor you know for the railroad Transatlantic Railroad. And our Irish came and you know built the towns and did labor. Yep. Uh-huh. <SEP> But what do you think. Are you from Texas. Or. I'm from Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania. Okay. Yeah. <SEP> Well that will be interesting. Right. And uh a lot of. Because we have just had a Naturalization Act where the Mexicans that were residents in Texas I'm from Texas and have become citizens now. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> What do you think about that? Um I think that's all right. I um. At least on the surface it sounds like a good thing. Do you have an opinion about it? Well I agree with it wholeheartedly. Uh-huh. <SEP> The only thing is I've got to share with you my background is from New Jersey. Uh-huh. So when you were giving your answer I was thinking is this a Texan I'm talking to? No. Okay. <SEP> Because Texan philosophy is a little different. Right. Well a lot of the experience that I have with this problem has to do with my brother-in-law who's Chinese and immigrated from China. And um you know he um got a green card is and is in good standing in America and China but only because he was always nice to the Chinese government and all that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And he was always on pretty good terms with them. Yeah. Well we. But um their. My sister just had a baby. And they're trying to get permission for his mother to come to America to like help care for the kid and that sort of thing. And it's turned out to be sort of a horrible problem. It's just very difficult to get a woman who doesn't have a lot of assets or whatever out of China even temporarily to visit here. <SEP> Oh well then you have first in the experience on immigration. Yeah. Well that is interesting. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Well I wonder you know even with those that were involved with Tienamen's Square. Right. You know did we really protect them? Yeah. That's and I think that's pretty crazy because I mean those students who were in America when that was happening are almost certainly going to be in trouble if they go back. <SEP> Yeah. And aside for that they're the best and brightest of China. So it's certainly in our best selfish interest to keep them here if we can. That is true. That is true. Well what do you think about. Yeah. <SEP> We have in Texas a large Vietnamese population that has been brought in. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> What do you think about that? Um. And these are not the brightest. See these are refujees you mean? <SEP> I mean we we're talking boat people. Okay. Right. Okay. <SEP> We have a lot of boat people in Texas. Right. Well um I don't have any problem with that. Um. You're a true liberal heart-to-heart. Good for you. Yeah. I guess so. <SEP> I was ready for a fight on this one. Uh-huh. Right. No. I agree because. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um interesting my when my daughter was in high school one of the custodians was Vietnamese. Yeah. And with his limited English they found out thr- you know that she was in student council. And they found out that he was a medical doctor.
sw3763.txt:Are you there? Uh-huh. Okay. Now tell me your favorite team. <SEP> Uh baseball? Yes. Well I've been kind of been intrigued with the Rangers uh more so with uh uh their management than anything else. I I don't follow baseball that that closely. But uh you know since I live here so close to Arlington uh that's the team that I've been kind of following. Okay. I think it's a little bit late in the season for them to assign us. Where do you think they're headed. So we'll have to talk about the future with the Rangers. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. What are your thinkings on what they can do what they'll be able to do? <SEP> Well I think that uh you know with uh so much controversy over Ruben Sierra not signing and asking us for so much money it's um you know I think. I'm not real sure about th-. Do you know anything about Ruben Sierra's uh. Well I heard tonight on the news that he is willing to come down. On his. Yeah. That he was willing to come down a little bit and uh if the Rangers will go up a little bit. Yeah. <SEP> Yes. And the Rangers go up a little bit. Uh-huh. <SEP> But a little bit from three you know from thirty million dollars or thirty-five mil-. That's a lot of money. I think the entire baseball. Yeah. They're the ones that probably are paying the highest. Yeah. They are. And I think this is absolutely ridiculous. <SEP> Uh-huh. No. And I really think I really think that uh that they ought to. I'm not real sure that they should pay him that much money. I think they should uh uh pay him what his salary is going to be uh and let him. Because he's got one more year before he turns into a free agent. That's right. <SEP> And then uh who knows. If he produces next year they may have to end up paying him anyway. But if he doesn't then his market value will go down. And they can pick him up for for a lot less than than they would uh if they paid him the si- you know the six million dollars a year this year. What I saw on the news today that. Bu- Buechele was back just to visit. <SEP> Uh-huh. I'm awful sorry he's not still. Oh yeah. But you know what he. That was a great deal for him. Oh I'm sure it was. <SEP> Yeah. It was a great deal for him. And and uh he just signed on uh. I think it was like a five year deal with uh Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh. Yeah. <SEP> So you know he's real happy there. As far as the Rangers are concerned I think I think they need some definitely need some pitching. Yes sir. Uh and so I you know I. Well what do you think of Howse who is the coach for the pitchers? <SEP> The pitching coach? Yes. Well you know I was just looking at the news tonight. And they showed a a a black guy that was go- was helping out uh His assistant. His assistant. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I think that's a a great addition. I mean he seemed to know what he was doing. And and uh. I really wish they could see fit to get rid of Howse. <SEP> Oh you don't like Howse huh? No. No. I really don't. And I'm not going to stand up you know on my soapbox and say that. <SEP> But I'm not fond of Howse. <SEP> And I'm not fond of Grieves. Oh Tom Grieve? Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I'm I'm not sure that um that they're ready to get rid of of uh Tom Grieve yet. But Howse might be a different uh situation. And I think you're probably right that they that they need some you know some changes in uh pitching coach maybe. And um. Well I'm just gullible enough that I think Bobby Valentine is um uh doing all right. And I'm sure. You do huh? Well. <SEP> That's contrary to uh popular belief you know. Oh I know. I know so. But I would like so much for these Rangers to get their act together and give um oh uh Nolan Ryan the support he needs. Oh I know. You know it's too bad that uh it has to be a forty-two year old guy to to lead the uh the Rangers you know. I understand. <SEP> They need to have some some young guys that can take the lead. And and. Uh Yeah. Well I just oh I have so many mixed emotions about all this. But I think with their new stadium they should go and let.
sw3235.txt:What what do you feel is the the major change that's been going on? That's a tough question. We are now able to work full eight hours a day and still do our housework. Right. <SEP> Don't ask me. I think that has been the major change is that women feel they need to go out and do this. They they no longer feel it's uh it's no big deal to to stay home and raise your family any more. Well it has no credibility any more. <SEP> I know it. And I I think I think that's really sad because I think there's going to be a generation of kids that are going to grow up raised by somebody else. Well I'm a school teacher. And I'm in charge of raising them. So I can appreciate it. You don't well. <SEP> I'm I'm still home with with my last one. And I wouldn't trade change a minute of it for anything. Oh good for you. Good for you. But I I can't I can't help but think that eventually the pendulum's going to swing back the other way again. <SEP> Well you know it's interesting because when I heard the topic I was thinking uh. This summer Oprah had a T V show about wives that refused to go to work and how their husbands thought they were terrible. Uh-huh. And one woman had four children. <SEP> And her husband said she wasn't pulling her own weight in the family. Oh yeah. That's. That's frightening. Yeah. It it's sad. <SEP> And it you know it was almost from the audience participation it was almost a social issue you know. Uh-huh. People were siding with the husband saying You've got to go to work if you have these four children you've got to support them. And nobody would give her credit for being home and raising them. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I I think too many people feel they need to live a more extravagant life-style than necessary. That's true. Uh you know to. I I don't think you know the kids don't benefit from the bigger house and the fancier cars and and and this type of thing. I think that they would from the you know attention or whatever. <SEP> That's true. Uh but it. I uh I I don't know. I I see it as a major problem. And I think it's going to have to swing back the other way because I think we're going to have an awful lot of kids who are going to have major problems from all this. Yeah. Well you know I as I said I teach school. Uh-huh. <SEP> And gosh I'm trying to think. I don't know. I have one woman one mother that I know is home. But she also has ten children. What what grade do you teach? Six seven and eight. Six seven and eight. I've got a chi- uh. Where do you live? Are you out. <SEP> In Richardson. In Richardson. We're in Plano here. Oh okay. I have a daughter in middle school. And uh I know there aren't very many. She has a few friends that have moms who are still at home. But do you see um you know do you ever do you ever see problems you know that you feel you know that the kids are left alone too much. <SEP> Oh yeah. And. I've got one child um that stays with me every day until five because his mother doesn't come home until seven. And he doesn't want to be home from three thirty until seven by himself. He stays at school? <SEP> Uh-huh. And the school allows that? Well he stays with me. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I have a tendency to work late. I work until six. Uh-huh. So he stays with me until five thirty and then goes home. Oh my. <SEP> And you know I have lots of kids because they know I'm there late. Uh-huh. I'm a slow mover to say the least. But um they'll come in and say Can I stay with you because I don't want to go home to an empty house. And that's frightening because you know the. When I said I I'm I'm raising them I am. Because we're talking about boy friends. And we're talking about what the girl said in class. And you know what's right because there's no mother at home. Uh-huh. <SEP> No mother to talk to. And um it makes a difference. I. And just the social values. Well I've just. Do you do you feel it will swing back the other way. Or do you feel there's just going to be a big push to uh you know for for more more and more day care type situations? <SEP> I I don't know. I I have a feeling we're going to go more and more. I've got a twenty-one year old female. And I've got twenty-two year old male chil- child children. And I listen to my daughter. And she's going to work. And she's going to buy her house. And she's going to get her car. And then she's going to have her children. And then when you know they go on one salary will they be able to sustain what their life-style is. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they're back to work. And you know I agree with you. I was raised in a generation we didn't need all those things. Yeah. And we lived without them. We did fine.
sw2434.txt:Uh well what would you say your opinion is on gun control? Well I don't know. I've I've had mixed emotions I guess when I listen to uh the radio and and watch T V about the different uh things that are happening. Uh I'm against it. But on the same token uh I went out and purchased a gun just because I wanted the right to do that. Ye-. <SEP> So I I have a rifle in the house. Uh the ammunition is probably so old I'm afraid to use it. But uh I bought it for target practicing and uh and also because I wanted a weapon. Uh how do you feel about it? Well I think uh down here in Texas they don't have a waiting period on handguns. Huh. And I think they need that. Uh and I do have a I have a pistol. It's a little twenty-two. And I have a twenty-two or a twelve gauge shotgun. <SEP> Uh-huh. An- you know I do like to have my guns. Uh I don't know if I'll ever use it you know. And like you my bullets to my little pistol's probably uh about three years old. Uh my gun hasn't been shot in a year or two. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh I like to have them where handy. Well up uh up in New England where I'm from uh you had to get a permit before you could buy any amu- am- ammunition. And I thought that was really good. And I think if they uh. <SEP> Takes two weeks for that system to process uh your request for uh not as a gun permit but uh but to buy ammunition. You have to get a permit from the police station in your local area to do that. I've never heard of anything like that. Yeah. Uh. That would be nice. But a- you know. <SEP> The criminals that are going to get their guns one way or the other. I I I agree. <SEP> I think you know one of the things that that that needs to happen is uh to to stop the impulse buyer from uh buying it quickly and and uh maybe putting a week's waiting period or something on it. But if someone's really determined to to pick up a firearm you can pick it up any place. Yeah. <SEP> And you can get them really cheap. I know. I I had a waiting period on my pistol because I was down in uh Tennessee. And uh they had a waiting period. Uh-huh. And uh we bought it there. And. <SEP> How long was the waiting period out there? About nine days. Huh. That wasn't too too bad. No. No. <SEP> Because if if you're going to go buy something uh uh of that nature I think you you're going to have some idea as to what you're going to do with it. You're not going to react that quickly. In other words you know you don't have a need to go buy a gun to go shoot it the next day. Th-. Somebody wants to do that. I I at times I think they ought to have a waiting period on all firearms. Yeah. I do too. Uh because it doesn't make any difference uh uh whether it's a pistol or a shotgun I suppose. They both do the same kind of job. A shotgun hurts worse than a pistol does. <SEP> Uh yeah. I suppose. I never got shot with either one. But I don't know uh. I think you could recover from a pistol but not from a shotgun. No. A shotgun's got too much of a spread. Or at least ours does. Yeah. Uh it's you know. You have a little uh thing on the bo- bottom of th- on top of the barrel where you you turn it. <SEP> Uh-huh. You can make it either tight or as loose as loose can get. Oh. And the spread changes. <SEP> Uh I've got a manual single shot. And I guess it doesn't have any any automatic features to it. The further away I get the the uh wider the shot gets from the target. Yeah. And the closer that I get the tighter that it gets. It's got a hell of a kick to it. Yeah. My husband had a uh a police gun at one time. And I shot that thing one time. Almost knocked me down. <SEP> And it just a li-. I don- I forget. I think it was a three fifty-seven. I'm not sure. Do you belong to a gun club or you? He belonged to one awhile back. Uh since we moved. We've only been here in Texas for about a year. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh we can't even find a place to shoot. Just for target practice. No kidding. I'd love to get used to that shotgun. We traded his pistol for that shotgun. <SEP> Huh. Well the the uh clubs that we've got around here are kind of expensive. But uh it's well worth it. You can go down and shoot up against a sand bag and some targets and have uh competition. Uh I've never really joined a club because I haven't got the time. Not because I haven't got the desire. Uh there's an annual membership fee uh that's that's fairly high. Plus there's ini- an initiation fee that you have to pay because of first time uh uh member. So the whole process can cost you a hundred fifty dollars to join the club. Plus you have to pay for the the ammunition in any tournaments that you would join in. Yeah. Well that's what my husband. When he was in that gun club where he was doing that. It you know. He went mostly just to uh shoot at paper targets. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh but you know they used speed and accuracy and all that. I think that that the gun clubs serve a useful purpose. In fact I'd like to see somehow they tie the legislation into not only when you buy a weapon you have to uh show that you've gone to school or gone to some class to know how to handle that weapon. That's a good. I've never thought of that. <SEP> That's a good point. And you know it it. Even after you wait your nine days if you don't know how to handle it it's just like putting someone in an automobile that doesn't know how to drive. And you give him a license because he waited nine days. Yeah. That's. And yeah. <SEP> He could he could not only uh uh shoot himself. He could he could uh mishandle a weapon. Leave it at home and let a child get at it. It. Well we uh we was living on a navy base down in Memphis. And uh this one guy decided to play uh lonesome cowboy or something. And he was twirling his gun around and shot himself in his foot. Wow. He was fortunate. He could he could of hit something else. Well he went tumbling down the steps along with uh shooting his foot almost off. He broke his leg and collar bone and a couple of other things I'm sure being Mister Cowboy. <SEP> Wow. I can't remember what the na- the term was going around. It was about four or five years ago. <SEP> But. Now I guess that would be a good idea. About uh private citizens selling a weapons? Like if you wanted to sell your pistol to me. How do you feel about that? Do you believe there ought to be legislation guiding the uh buyer and the seller? And or do you believe that you ought to be able to sell your system uh because you own it? <SEP> Uh that's a hard one because we did that. But uh I think there ought to be some rule against it. I'll uh you know. The person who sells the gun ought to protect themselves because if that gun's registered to them and somebody else uses that gun in something the cops are going to come to you. Yeah. I- isn't there a way to uh to deregister yourself after you register a gun? Uh. <SEP> I have no idea. I've only had one gun. Because I have. And I've kept it you know the one gun that was in my name. <SEP> Yeah. Is it registered? Yeah. I-. <SEP> The uh the rifle that I've got is not registered. And uh I don't know why I never registered it. But the uh. I don't think you have to register a shotgun. <SEP> Um I I think it's it's voluntary. The uh the. Well see uh my husband has a thing. If they go to uh regulating uh all right uh banning guns. Pri- pri- pri- private cit- citizens. Yeah. This. My kid is jumping on me. I can't hardly talk. <SEP> My husband feels that they'll come and collect everybody's guns. Yeah. I guess that could happen. It's just like the uh the social security system. Once they uh they gave everybody a number. And now they're making you uh uh get one at at birth. <SEP> And once they have your number they have your identification. Yeah. And if you try to do anything uh like uh not identify yourself to the government they know who you are. Yeah. And everything about you. <SEP> And that's true. Uh I. Bu- bu- you know they know so how much money you make a week to uh probably your uh. My kid is banging. I was seeing what they was banging on. Uh I've lost my train of thought. I'm sorry. That's all right. You you were talking about uh uh Fed- what the Federal government knows about people. Oh the Soc-. <SEP> Yeah. They they probably know everything from half the time wh- ho- what time you go to the bathroom. They probably do. No. That's that's a little bit extreme. But they could know anything and everything about you. And uh I'd like to have my gun. If they go to banding banning them I'd lose my gun. But we wouldn't lose our pis- our uh shotgun. <SEP> Yeah. And uh we're wanting to get a couple of more that no one knows about. Uh-huh. But I don't I don't uh. <SEP> Do you find it difficult picking up uh guns that that are not registered? No. No. I don't either. I can I can buy some uh today if I wanted to. Just you know put up the money. Yeah. W-. <SEP> Yeah. Well you can look in the uh the. We got a thing down here called A SHOPPER. Uh-huh. It's a a ho- it's a it's a bargain thing. Uh you go and ever- you know always see guns in there. Five to seven guns a day. <SEP> Yeah. It comes out every Tuesday. And there's there's no waiting period on that. No. None whatsoever. <SEP> You call. We sold a refrigerator through it. And it took us all of twelve hours. To sell the refrigerator? Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. You know. And I'm sure it'd be even less for somebody with a good gun. Huh. And I think the Federal government is uh is really far away from uh uh control. I I don't believe in uh. I'm s- I shouldn't probably say control. I mean regulation. Control is something that I wouldn't want the Federal government to have. Uh but I would like to see them have a monitoring capability so that they know who has what weapons. Yeah. Well I agree with you there. They do have too much control over us already. <SEP> Yeah. Uh we could look at our paychecks and see how much control they have. Unfortunately we uh we vote for the the people who spend the money. So I can't complain too much. Yeah. I guess so. I don't know. They're.
sw3156.txt:-ing seems to be a a topic that's going to probably take about a generation to uh catch on it seems or maybe a generation to two. And we may have to do it out of necessity as far as moving that time schedule up. Uh it does seem to be a lot of habits to break. I uh wasn't raised as a kid on it. But my kids are. And so they they tended to want to grab the aluminum cans when that was one of the first things to do. And we were doing all right there until uh the price dropped out. And they weren't worth anything anymore. Uh-huh. And we. It took us almost a year to get a garbage sack full. We just don't drink that many. So as far as at home use uh we'll pick up a six pack every once in a while or for whatever occasion of Doctor Pepper or something. And and by the time we gathered up enough crushed cans to take it in uh. At the time it was still oh about forty or fifty cents a pound. And we came out with about a dollar. It just really wasn't worth it. <SEP> And a lot of hassle all year round. And cans laying. Yeah. Yeah. So they they realized you know. Well of course to them a dollar was a dollar at four and five years old. That wasn't uh that was a big deal. But we decided it wasn't worth us keeping it. And then uh T I started keeping up with uh cans there. So occasionally I'll bring whatever I've got laying around the car or the like and throw them in there. Least it gets back into the system. But as far as a habit at the house uh I haven't started on anything other than just whatever the city wants to pick up. Have you all got the individual containers yet? <SEP> No. I read in the paper this week where maybe. I don't know if it w- was. I guess maybe this week someone may start getting them if the truck that picks them up is outfitted in time. Um. But it it should be starting I would stay probably in the next month if if everything goes that. I'm not sure all what we're going to have to do whether we have three separate containers. I really don't understand that part on what they've told you to separate everything. Right. Yeah. It seemed like uh. If if I recall it's been a long time. They're way behind schedule on that particular part of it. They were fine on the green big green containers. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh seems like they said they were just going to have a bin. And all different types would go in there. And then that they would sort it as as needed. Oh. It it seemed that there was. At the time anyway it the thinking was that there was too much not getting sorted properly and that at at the collection sites where everything's clearly labeled and people that happen to go to that kind of trouble to do it happen to do it pretty well. Uh those are okay to have the general public doing the sorting. But when it comes down to just general purpose trash that all the houses uh. The success rate of getting it sorted properly seemed to be poor. So they felt that having one guy just sit there and run through it real quick was better than than having a household try it. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I I don't know. That sounds like an awful lot of labor to sort the entire week's worth of trash for a house. Well it would get messy too. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> I I I know other places when they recycle they have to like wash out their glass jars and whatnot. And uh which we're not in the habit of doing. Right. That's true. <SEP> I was brought up uh you know long time ago that they didn't even have cans. They had bottles. And you'd return them to the the grocery store. Right. And you'd get our money back. And that that was all well and good. They don't seem to still be doing that. If they could just eliminate the cans and use glass. But I guess this day and age they don't. Yeah. <SEP> They don't do that. We live next to a set of railroad tracks. And it seemed to be a very popular thing for people driving by that highway there by our tracks to throw the bottles at the tracks and try to crash you know break them. Uh-huh. But uh they weren't that successful. So there were a lot of bottles to be returned. And we just walk about a half a mile in each direction and gathered up enough to buy whatever we wanted for the day. <SEP> Uh-huh. And. Yeah. And they uh p-. I I think kids don't appreciate maybe the value of money that it's so little that they don't care. They can get more somewhere else. Yeah. Just a little bit of begging will. <SEP> Uh for a good. Right. They're. The nickels the dimes or what I suppose it might be quarters fifty cent pieces in these days that they would get they the kids just don't seem to to care that that much about a small amount of money. Right. Well I wonder. But we we did buy a can crusher. And we are crushing cans. And when we buy the soda when it's on sale for ninety-nine cents. So I would say in the last three years we've probably used a lot more cans than ever before. Yeah. <SEP> Uh it was just easier to do that than to open a large liter bottle and then have it go flat. Right. Yeah. So that's the main reason we're we sort of are into cans at this point rather than the liter bottles. Where do you take your cans? <SEP> Well as you say it takes a while to build it up. Since we've had the crusher all summer we I guess we just now maybe have a bag full that we haven't ta- oh. I think the kids when we were on vacation they said they did take them to a a recycling place probably at one of the li-.
sw2568.txt:Okay. Okay. What's what's your most recent one that you've seen? <SEP> Well actually what I do. I haven't been to a movie theater in probably eight or nine months. Uh-huh. So I haven't really seen any movies in the movie theater. But I rent probably four or five movies a week. Really. I used to do that too. But I haven't been doing it lately. But. <SEP> We've got a good video place out here. And uh uh oh gosh uh I'm just trying to think of all the movies I've recently seen. Uh. Oh AIR AMERICA. No. See I haven't seen that one uh. Have you seen WILD ORCHID? No. Is it good? <SEP> Well it depends. Do you like uh steamy movies. Uh no. Not ye-. I know that sounds funny coming from a woman. But usually I don't. Oh okay. What type of movies do you like? Um action. <SEP> Bu- d-. I I guess one of my favorite well two of my favorite movies is probably like LETHAL WEAPON and LETHAL WEAPON TWO. Okay. And those are those are like two of my most favorite. I mean they're just really good movies. And I liked BIRD ON A WIRE. And movies like that. <SEP> Yeah. Do you like suspense movies. Or do you like uh just action. Or. Um yeah. Some I guess like. What do you mean. Like like are you talking about movies like DIE HARD TWO. <SEP> Oh JAGGED EDGE. JAGGED EDGE was a suspenseful one. Or uh FATAL ATTRACTION. Okay. Yeah. I liked that. That was pretty good. Um that was okay. I I don't I guess I thought it was too far fetched. But so many people said oh no it wasn't you know. But I guess. <SEP> Oh well I hope I don't run across them. Really. That's true because. I don't know. I just didn't find that one to be real. I I just thought it was too far fetched. What was your favorite all time movie? Um oh gosh I don- I can't think off my head. Do you know which one yours was? <SEP> I I have to say that probably the one movie that really threw me back the most uh that I was really the most in shock with was probably uh STAR WARS. Oh yeah. Well that's. When that first came out I really did not expect the special effects or anything like that. Right. <SEP> I mean I guess uh out of all the movies I've I've never been as excited to go back. I was ready to go back and see it again you know. Really. Yeah. Yeah. You're right about that. But that that's really like an all time classic. I mean I don't think anybody anything could ever beat that. Now I I also liked uh oh GONE WITH THE WIND or some of the classic like THE LAWRENCE OF ARABIA. See I've never seen that. <SEP> Oh you haven't? No. Should I rent it? Oh yeah. Should I go rent it tomorrow. <SEP> No. That's uh that's a that's a real interesting movie. And it's got a good historical perspective to it. That's probably something I need to see right now because I'm taking history in school. Oh yeah. So it'd probably be a good thing for me to see. Oh. <SEP> Actually I just saw a movie uh called THE LOST CAPONE. And it's about Al Capone's brothers. Primarily one of his brothers. Oh really. <SEP> And I won't give the the whole plot away. But it's it's really a good movie. Uh. Al Capone had three brothers. Uh-huh. And one of them was lost for many many years. And uh he actually he turns out to be a law man. Really. <SEP> Yeah. It's really interesting. It. Oh you just gave it away. I guess I can't go see it. No. No. That's okay. I didn't give away the whole thing. I just gave away just enough to get you interested. That does sound good. Is it one. I guess it's a rental. <SEP> Yeah. It is. Okay. I may have to do that. Go see it. Or go rent it. And a lot of times what I wind up doing is picking say an actor or an actress and seeing like all. Yeah. <SEP> I've seen all of James Dean's movies. Uh all of Mae West's movies. Uh-huh. And just kind of kind of go out and uh rent all the movies and uh uh you know just kind of go. I guess you could do that you know get all of David Carradine's movies or uh uh Segal. Uh-huh. <SEP> To. What's his first name. I can't remember his first name. Um it's not David is it? Is it David Segal. I don't know. He was on uh on uh uh Arsenio just recently. Oh I don't I don't watch that. Um. <SEP> It was really kind of interesting because Arsenio was asking him about uh what he thought of uh one of the other action guys. Really. God I can't even remember the name. He said well he wouldn't really talk about it. Didn't want to talk about him because he didn't think he was such a uh a good action guy. Huh. <SEP> It wasn't Stallone. It was uh. I can't remember. Shoot I can't remember the guy's name. But I like all the the RAMBO movies. Oh see I didn't really care that's that's one side of the action I guess that I didn't really care for. But see I don't really like Sylvester Stallone. Yeah. I don't think he's really a very good actor. I know that sounds awful because so many people think he's so wonderful. But I just have never been a Stallone fan. <SEP> Yo Adrian. Hey that's pretty good. No. I guess like I say. I just have I don't know I just have never seen any interest in him. But. <SEP> No. We we actually rent uh probably a go- good combination of movies with the exception of horror films. Oh. Don't watch really very many horror films at all. Yeah. I don't either. <SEP> You know I don't know. There's something about people coming up through the sofa to get you or something you know coming out of the T V that just doesn't make my day you know. Yeah. You're right. Well it's so. I guess I'm a real I'm a realist and so when I watch movies like that it's like this can not happen. So I just don't enjoy it you know because it's just like come on give me a break. <SEP> Yeah. You know I mean I just. And so many of them are done so poorly. Yeah. You know that it just doesn't even give you the effect. I mean some of them are done good. And they do scare you. But um so many of them are just done real. I don't know. I'm not really into those. <SEP> I just saw uh uh a really interesting movie called uh FLATLINERS. Oh that was one of my favorites. Yes. I thought that was a very good movie. <SEP> Yeah. I was really impressed with that one. I mean it was what I liked about it was that it was a new subject. Nobody had ever touched it before. Yeah. You know and it was just it was done so well you know. It was just. <SEP> It was just crazy enough for th-. You know students might try to do it. You know I mean and it's not like there's a lot of scientific data on it. Right. Well that's probably true. But it was a very good movie. It was done real well too. I mean there wasn't any part of it that you really felt like no this can't happen. It seemed re- it seemed real. You know it was really good. Yeah. That that was one I mean. It's not my all time favorite movie. But it was good. It was really good. <SEP> Yeah. And um I don't know if you like this kind. But I thought PRETTY WOMAN was a really good movie too. Oh yeah. That was a great movie. Yeah. I've we've seen that two or three times. We waited. And we rented it. <SEP> Yeah. You know but but it was really good. Uh have you seen SHRIMP ON THE BARBY? No. I haven't. I don't know if I've even heard of that one. <SEP> Ye- ye- yeah. It's got. It must have uh what's his name in it. No. No. It doesn't. <SEP> No. Really. Uh Hogan? Yeah. Paul Hogan. <SEP> No. No. Really. I'm surprised. No. It's got uh uh Cheech Marin. Oh really that must be pretty good then. Was it good. <SEP> Yeah. It is. It's kind of uh kind of a poor man's PRETTY WOMAN in reverse. Oh. But it was kind of cute. Actually did you see DIRTY ROTTEN SCOUNDRELS? Yes. Yes. <SEP> I though that was a really cute movie. I enjoyed that. Yeah. It was. TWINS was good too. Because when I thought of that I thought of. Anyway. Um oh there was another one. What's the one that just. Oh DANCES WITH WOLVES have you seen that yet? No. I haven't. Oh you've got to see that one. It's really. <SEP> I hear that's the one that you really need to see at the theater instead of home video. Right. That's probably true. That's probably true. It's it's very very good. Very good. Yeah. That's another one that. I was really glad when it won all those awards because it really deserved it. <SEP> Well my wife uh has got a uh a picture from Kevin Costner. And he signed it. It's from DANCES WITH WOLVES. Really. Yeah. And he signed it. He he happens to be uh a friend of one of her her business associates. And or not not a friend a cousin a cousin. Oh wow that's impressive. <SEP> Oh neat. So uh uh but anyhow we got uh we got a nice uh picture. And it came in an envelope that says DANCES WITH WOLVES. So we've got to uh try to get out there and see that one. Oh yeah. It's really worth it. I mean it's a very good movie. And yes. I would suggest seeing it at the theater. I know that they're still playing it. And they pushed it back to playing it in the theaters until like August. <SEP> Huh. I think because they were they were scheduling a video release of it in July. And then when it won all those awards uh they pushed it back to August. So. But yeah. That one is definitely worth seeing. It's really good. Now did you see uh DRIVING MISS DAISY? Yeah. And you know I didn't think that one was near as good. <SEP> Okay. You know I guess it was okay. I mean it was all right. But um when I compare like the winners of this year and last year it just. I don't know. Maybe it's it's not.
sw2868.txt:Okay uh. Have you did you have you grown up in Dallas Stephanie? Uh no. I've only been here for the last ten years uh. Oh where are you from? <SEP> I grew up most of my childhood in Germany. In Germany. Uh and. Well. <SEP> We we took a lot of vacations while we were there because everything was within driving distance. Now there's a place I'd like to visit. So we we travelled all over Europe. When I was when I was very young. Unfortunately a a little bit too young to really appreciate. Oh that's neat. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh I was grade school age. Uh. My hus- my husband had a bicycle tour of Europe or took a bicycle tour about five months right after the second world war. And so we've seen lots of pictures of the of the beautiful spots and areas. <SEP> Um. That that would be a to me a really nice vacation because I'm I'm not in physical shape for something like that but uh I I sure would work on it if I had an opportunity like that. Y- Yeah. <SEP> <SEP> Yeah. That's neat neat. What kind of vacations do you like? Uh well my husband and I are scuba divers. Oh. H-. <SEP> So we both like to go to dive resorts. Uh we went to Hawaii on our honeymoon. Uh-huh. And we dove there. Uh but we we did about six dives while we were there. And uh we were originally planning on going to Cayman uh last year. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh but we weren't able to get enough people together for the trip. We had to have like eleven people for this package uh deal. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Uh and we couldn't get enough people together uh to go. So it ended up falling a- falling through. Yeah. <SEP> We were going to get a really good price. When when our children were younger we enjoyed we lived up in uh New York or New Jersey and and used to like uh traveling into upstate New York and camping. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we had a little collapsible sailboat and liked to sail and that sort of thing. But we've never really uh did any diving or anything. Little bit of s- of uh uh oh s- water skiing. Snorkeling? <SEP> Oh really. But not much of uh of anything else. Um. Uh. <SEP> Well my husband and I both like water. Uh-huh. So any any vacation that we go on is usually involves close to the ocean or or something like that. It's got to be the water. <SEP> Right. When when we were in Jersey we used to go down to the Jersey beach a lot and really enjoyed that a lot. It's really they had a really nice beach areas there. <SEP> Yeah. We After we moved away from Germany we moved to New Hampshire. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I lived there for seven years. Oh I see. Uh and I really enjoyed that because you know the mountains were real close. That's a really pretty area too. <SEP> Uh-huh. We like the we like the white mountains. And Uh unfortunately I didn't really get to go skiing much while I was there. Yeah. <SEP> I went skiing once. Yeah. We loved the we loved the the New Jersey area too because the the lakes were really pretty close you know. You could you could drive within twenty minutes to an hour and just be at a real nice vacation spot where you could sail and and just really. Uh-huh. And then we weren't too for from the Appalachian Trail. We did quite a bit of hiking. Which is kind of fun. Are you a you a hiker or not? <SEP> Uh. Not so much huh? Not not really so much. If if if there was some place that that we went to where there was hiking involved I I would be you know happy to go hiking. Uh-huh. <SEP> But we we never have really planned a vacation around uh places to go hiking. So your your next your plans are try to find someplace to s- scuba dive. Yeah. Our next vacation will will be scuba diving. I'm sure. You have any children? <SEP> No. Not yet. Okay. Then that's probably one of the reasons our. We had little children all the time. Yeah. So some of the things are not as quite as uh adaptable. <SEP> Yeah. It's a it's a little more difficult planning a vacation when you have have children. Yeah. It is. You have to try to figure out kinds of things that you can do that they will enjoy too. And. <SEP> Yeah. So I think wha-. Yeah. And diving is something that. Especially for small children uh. I think the the minimum age for diving is is probably legal anyway would be probably about sixteen. Yeah. <SEP> Eleven or twelve I would think probably. But maybe fifteen even. Yeah. I know that uh uh one of one thing that happens to us to vacation trips now is that usually that try to involve some of the members of the family. You know we go wherever somebody is that we haven't seen for a while. <SEP> Uh-huh. So that that's kind of. Uh we just came back from uh uh Grand Rapids where we saw one of our sons graduate from uh with his Master's Degree in social work. Um. Uh-huh. And so that was fun. And and the summer we have a we have a a reunion in in Salt Lake area up by Park Cities. Where we're going to camp for a week with as many members of of a rather large reunion group that uh as we can get together. <SEP> So. That that sounds like a lot of fun. Ye-. <SEP> Our family had a reunion last year that was kind of like that too. Yeah. That there were several hundred uh people. And they all kind of met at a central place. I I didn't go. Um. <SEP> Uh but it would have been nice. It would have been a nice vacation. We we've tra- we've moved around enough so that we now have people in different parts of the country. I guess my favorite vacation idea would be to somehow figure out something kind of mobile where you could stop and sleep maybe you know like a a small camper. Uh-huh. We've we've travelled in a big one. I hate them because they're hard to jockey around you know. But maybe a pickup with the back on. <SEP> Some- or something like uh what's the like the Volkswagen Vanagon. I've heard is really nice. Yeah. So you could kind of sleep in it sometimes. But you wouldn't want to do it all the time. <SEP> Yeah. Uh we have enough friends here and there. I would just love to just drive through the United States and stop and see people I know and visit for a day and then go on and you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> My dad has been talking for years about uh getting a fifth wheel and just picking up. Uh-huh. He's retired. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh he's in his sixties. And he uh would like to just get a fifth wheel and just travel across the country and spend a month here or a couple of weeks there and just you know not be settled anywhere. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I think I think that would real. Just see see the rest of the country. And I would like to maybe not take great long trips but but have your home base where your home is and then just travel out for like maybe oh a month maybe go. <SEP> Uh-huh. He he does that quite a bit. And. <SEP> He he hasn't lately though uh because he's been ill. Yeah. Uh but he's been known to be gone for a month or two at a time. And you know he'll say this is my itinerary. I'm going here here and here. And I'll be back in about two months. Yeah. There are a lot of neat neat places to visit in America. That's for sure. We've I haven't been much to the south. I haven't been in in Georgia or Florida or Mississippi or Alabama. I guess that's those are the only states I have not visited. But uh up the coast uh at uh uh in Maryland and around there where the where the early history is there's some. Johnstown and uh in s- in that area is just really neat. Interesting things to. So you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. Have you been a to a lot of the different historical sites? Yeah. We took a trip uh around to the uh Civil War battle grounds and things back in nineteen sixty when it was the centennial or something. <SEP> Uh-huh. I believe it was. Uh had about three kids then I think. But that was a really fun interesting trip. I we we read Bruce book before we went you know. And so we were ready to look up the places we read about. Yeah. I I think right right now while my husband and I don't have any kids we'll probably take as many vacations as we can doing things like scuba diving and and adventurous types of things. It was really interesting. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. <SEP> And then when we- eventually when we have kids. Yeah. Now his his folks did a lot of traveling across country. You know they went to the Grand Canyon and did things like that. Well now camping is fun with kids. If you're you know. <SEP> Yeah. Once they get a little bigger not teeny tiny ones. But even even some little ones do pretty good. But but when they get a little bigger so they can help. Yeah. That that's a fun way to to uh cut costs. And it's enjoyable too. Very restful. I mean I find. <SEP> Yeah. I I do enjoy camping. Yeah. I find the outdoors very relaxing and you know kind of a change. As long as I have a shower nearby I'm fine. And electricity. Yeah. <SEP> Well I'm with you. I need my creature comforts too. Yeah. Well it was great to talk to you. <SEP> It was nice talking to you too Beth. Okay. See you later. Bye-bye. Okay. Bye-bye.
sw3284.txt:Well uh and that's an idea that's been around for kicked around for a long time. I don't know that it's ever been seriously considered uh as far as close to passing uh any legislation or anything like that. But uh I believe Israel does that don't they for their. Uh yes. I think so. Uh. Wel- everybody has to do has to do something. <SEP> Yeah. I don't kn-. Or maybe maybe theirs is in fact one year of military service for everyone. But uh. Yeah. I believe that's right. Okay. <SEP> And uh and I don't know that that's really what we're talking about. No. I don't think it's it's necessa- n-. I think of that. It it couldn't be. Military service is not that much. But the m- military used to do it. But the idea that uh there are things that that do need to be done that could be done. And then uh country would benefit from one year from from everybody and even out the the uh requirement. Yeah. For for kids in high school it could be in the summertime. <SEP> Well now that's a thought. Yeah. Uh you know um it it could even be done while they're doing another job while they're doing you know a job to make money. Yeah. <SEP> But uh it's uh you know such a grassroots idea that it. I think the family would have to be involved in it. Uh-huh. <SEP> And people would have to be convinced that you know. I I think the the basic message is that giving is better than receiving. Yeah. Right. And that's not the kind of society we have right now. Oh yeah. I'm afraid you're right there. But uh but uh anything like this that came up whether it. It quickly would be significant industry in in figuring out how to get around it where people. <SEP> There's lots and lots of volunteer programs. And uh but most of those are at l- least it it's my opinion that most of those involve adults. Adults who have the time to give and and uh you know the desire to to give. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> It's not uh you know it's not uh. Maybe the maybe it cou- uh. Younger people feel like it's not open to them. I don't know. But it should be if it's not. Yeah. Uh I suspect that the- yeah that that that that's not the thing. That they that they don't feel it's open to them. It's just that they uh are more self-centered if you will and not not considering a voluntary. Yeah. <SEP> It is kind of an introspective time of life. Yeah. But some schools some high schools have actually started a program of like a visitation program to uh you know areas economically uh say less advantaged areas. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh they they promote service on the part of the kids to to uh some of those people. So at least that's a step in the right direction I guess. Yeah. Yeah. And uh now I didn- I don't know it di-. I I think you're right that that's not the not the way that the society these days is going. And I I think we need to we need to try to figure out some way to to turn that around that everybody. <SEP> It's really it's really unfortunate because when you do. I do volunteer work for the American Lung Association. Huh. And I have have done uh gone to work for American Heart and just recently for the Leukemia Society. And there's there's no question that doing you know doing that kind of service you get a lot more out of it than uh than the people involved. Yeah. <SEP> Uh it's it's really a gift to yourself. And and that's I think that's a really important lesson to learn. Yeah. And and maybe that's why we have so many people in society who are not uh not really happy you know. Well that could be. <SEP> Because if you concentrate all of your energies and efforts on yourself you're just kind of down the tube you know. Yeah. Right. Uh it really is better to give then to receive. Yeah. I I agree with that. And uh and I I I don't know what what has what has set it off or what. But i- it it certainly seems to me that that uh uh things in in the last twenty-three years uh things hav- have definitely gone towards uh very much the concentration on self and and loss of loss of perspective in terms.
sw3259.txt:Okay. I'll just go with you first. What kind of eating out do you enjoy? Okay. <SEP> Well I like dining out. Of course it means that I don't have to cook. Right. But um I'm a divorced woman. I have one child. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you know when when we dine out we go to like medium priced restaurants. Uh-huh. I don't I don't particularly. I think it's sort of a waste of money to go real to a real high priced restaurant. Do you go like home cooking like Black-Eyed Pea and that kind of thing or cafeteria? <SEP> Um e- n- Not really. We go wh- more for the uh Chinese and Italian and stuff like that. Mexican stuff that I can't cook. Me too. <SEP> Uh-huh. Mexican. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh we do too. We do the same. Yeah. What are your favorite places? <SEP> Um well I like Chinese food. Uh-huh. Um there's a little place down on what is that? Coit Road um Chinese Pavilion or something. That is really good. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I like it. And um I do I do like Chinese buffets. Oh yeah. Well we go we've gone to August Moon. And we think that was real good. Uh-huh. But our favorite when you have a little more to spend is to go to Taiwan or May Dragon. <SEP> Uh-huh. And those are excellent. They're really a nice place you could take someone to eat. Right. It's not the the rinky Chinese decorations. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it's a very elegant nice place to eat. Uh-huh. We go very very often we go out for fajitas. That's. My husband has just gotten stuck. <SEP> Oh. And we go to On the Border. And lots of places that have uh I think. Uh-huh. And some of those and get fajitas. And he'll just eat chips until we've got three or four baskets coming back. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then uh last weekend we went out for Italian also. And for some reason the cooler weather makes me tend to want to go eat lasagna and garlic bread. Right. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So we went to El Sorrento. <SEP> Ha-. Yeah. Have you ever um tried Pappasito's? It was fun. You know what? This is that's real funny you said that because we were coming back Sunday on Central from church. And Bob pointed to it. And he said `` I keep hearing good things about that place. We're going to have to go. ''. <SEP> Oh it is delicious. That's what he. Tha-. In fact you're about the third or fourth person in the last month that said that. Uh-huh. So I guess we'll have to do it. <SEP> It's. You always stand in line when you go. That's what it that's what. But it's worth the wait. D MAGAZINE said that. It said there was always a line. <SEP> Uh-huh. But that's probably I mean that's a good that's a good sign. Uh-huh. And have you ever tried um the Macaroni Grill up on. Yes. We did. Now my kids didn't like it because they just wanted to get plain old spaghetti or lasagna. <SEP> Uh-huh. And most of those things were a little more northern Italy. Right. And they like just the traditional. They're not very. <SEP> Tha- th- they're the Spaghetti Warehouse type. Yes. They are. Exactly. Exactly. <SEP> Right. The place of the seventies. Yeah. Yeah. But my little girl likes uh Spaghetti Warehouse real well. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Most kids do. It's real entertaining for her. W-. Do you ever go for steak? Just a steak and potato and salad bar that kind of thing. <SEP> Um not really. That's a steak is something that I cook at home. You know tha- that you grill out. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> And I really don't particularly um. Well I'm I'm real curious to try this one that has such commercials. The uh that Del Lincoln. And oh what is that guy's name? They do those real corny commercials. Huh. It's uh over there's one over there in Addison. I can't remember his name. Anyhow it's some. <SEP> Steak. Yeah. It's some famous steak place over in Addison. There's a there's a second one downtown. And they have these really corny radio commercials. Uh-huh. But the- but their steak is supposed to be wonderful. So I ha- I had not tried that. My husband was saying that up north they have such nice restaurants where you can go after a theater or after the movie. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it seems like I've been. W- we found those one time. And then they discontinued. It was over in Addison. Huh. And then they uh closed up. <SEP> Yes. So most of these places are pretty much just uh theme restaurants around here. Right. I think that's what goes you know really goes right now in the in the Dallas area. <SEP> Uh-huh. Of course you know down next to downtown up around McKinney and everything you know there's just a there's a different class of restaurants up there that I can't even touch. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well that's exactly true. That's right. <SEP> That's right. Yeah. That's right. You know it would probably take my whole paycheck just to go in and have one meal up there. That's e-. Yeah. That's right. <SEP> Uh-huh. But um. I had a friend who was taken to Lawry's downtown for prime rib. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I haven't been. We usually don't go for beef really anymore. Uh-huh. Where. We've gotten so used to doing chicken and things at home that that's that's usually the way we'll go if we're not going lasagna. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. Yeah. When when I go out it's it's normally to get um some specialty type of food. Uh-huh. <SEP> Besides you know because y- chicken and steaks and everything I grill at home. Uh-huh. I know. Well I understand. <SEP> And and really it's they're a lot better than what I get in the restaurant. That's right. And save you some money too. That's right. Well. <SEP> Saves you a little bit money. Now what is your what's your child's favorite place to eat? Um favorite place. Uh she has a lot. Taco Bell. Oh yeah. <SEP> They're easy. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. <SEP> That's right. Well mine enjoy that too. They like to go pretty much where we like to go. And they'll. Uh-huh. And then our favorite thing on Fridays we generally order pizza in. So not Pizza Inn but pizza to our house. <SEP> Right. Right. Uh-huh. So we've done. Well um is there anything else you'd like to discuss about it? <SEP> No. Not that I know of. I think we've I think it's come to an eye conclusion. So I'll talk with you later. Thank you. Uh-huh. Thank you. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.
sw3811.txt:So you have a child two years old in child care right now. Yeah. We. <SEP> Two year old daughter in child care. And we went through the process of searching for child care and uh finding what we consider to be real good child care at a uh pretty reasonable price we think. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh. How about you. Do you have any children? Yes. Our first. And he just turned three months. <SEP> Oh boy. So we're just starting into hunting for child care. Yeah. Right now both of us are students. <SEP> Are you? Where are a student? Uh. Uh University of Southern Mississippi. <SEP> No kidding. Uh she's. I was a professor in a university here in California for a while. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Uh are you going to uh put your son in child care in a a year or two? Uh probably. Uh. Actually spring semester a year from now he's going to have to be in child care f- uh five days a week more than likely. Uh depending on how my class schedule runs. Yeah. Because my wife will be doing her internship that semester. <SEP> Uh-huh. It will be forty hour week not no eight to five type of thing. Yeah. So depending on what my class schedule looks like he may spend four si- anywhere from four to eight hours a day in child care at that point. Right now we're trying to avoid it. But we just as a matter of fact just yesterday hired a a girl to uh watch him. Uh I get out of class at certain time. And my wife is already supposed to be on her way to her class. You know. Once a day this overlap happens where we can't one of us be home. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. So for about twenty min- twenty thirty minutes a day we got a baby-sitter comes in. <SEP> Well that's a good experience I think. And uh there are a lot of things to think about. And the articles that are written on the topic are pretty good. And they kind of boil down to uh. Any other important decision you really have to explore the alternative. Uh-huh. <SEP> And what we found uh to be the best guide was our own instincts about people who were going to be loving. Yeah. <SEP> And uh that's more important than anything else. We could have sent uh her to a fancier uh facility. Uh-huh. Uh she goes to a home. This is a uh a couple uh emigrated from China early in in their lives. <SEP> Uh-huh. They've been here probably thirty forty years. Yeah. <SEP> They've got three daughters. Uh and they have a loving home. And uh they're both there. And they have a kid that comes in and helps them in the afternoon. Uh-huh. <SEP> And our daughter is healthy happy well adjusted and enjoys going to see her friends. Yeah. So it's a good experience. Uh that makes a big difference. <SEP> I th-. If it's good. I think it's very good for the child. Yes. And if it's a loving environment I think it's very good. <SEP> And and that's really what we've learned about it. She'll have to go on to something more stimulating in terms of preschool in a year. Yeah. But uh we feel real fortunate. And we were able to uh just uh choose in the marketplace. I don't know what it's like around uh Hattiesburg. There's a lot of child care available but invariably there's waiting lists. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. And we were a little slow getting on the waiting list with the uh okay the university uh university's uh uh department of uh uh their Home Ec Department. <SEP> Yeah. I'll bet they're involved. <SEP> Yeah. Uh they uh they have a subbranch uh American Family Counseling. And their people staff this this uh the child care center just off campus. But uh they have a pretty good size waiting list. Yeah. So. <SEP> Well that's uh. I know it's it's a real hard thing to do even for people in in uh university communities. Uh-huh. Out here at Manford they have a you know a a a real good facility. And there uh is quite a waiting list to get into that. Yeah. <SEP> So it's uh uh you know it's a it's a it's an important decision. It's an industry that's still a cottage industry. Yeah. <SEP> And I think this is b- really is buyer beware. Well it's best Yeah. A cottage industry's the best way to do it really. <SEP> Well it is the best way to do it interestingly. Because if you over. I think that uh my own interest in in development human development leads me to believe that that's a good sign and that uh private enterprise is the way to go and that it will lead to a fundamental change in the way we learn. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Because I think what we're going to go to is much more commercial entrepreneurial learning ventures in the market. As a matter of fact my future is banked on that uh professionally because I believe that that there are uh pressing needs in the marketplace unmet by schools colleges universities for uh learning a lot of things that kids can learn watching Sesame Street and in child care. Uh-huh. <SEP> Primary skills which turn out to be the most important skills in life. Yes. And it's amazing how much good things like uh Sesame Street will do. <SEP> It's it's phenomenal. It's phenomenal the programming the human operating system.
sw3111.txt:Well Hal what's uh what's crime like in Dallas? Well it depends where in Dallas you are. Uh-huh. <SEP> There are certainly parts of town I would not want to live in. Yeah. Because it's the situation. It is very location dependent. Uh-huh. <SEP> And there are parts of town here where when they talk about the nightly gunfire. Oh yeah. Yeah. In Baltimore we have similar. Uh I live on the outskirts of Baltimore. And uh we live right outside the city. And our neighborhood is pretty much working class people though I'm in graduate school uh. I live here because it's close to the university. Uh-huh. But you know we have uh. It it's really funny. The only crime we really see is uh just the kids being malicious. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know and I think most of that is because their parents aren't around. That make sense? Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> That uh the what they call the latchkey children. Yeah. Something like that. No one's you know. Or or fathers are just missing you know. So there's no uh no consistency there in the home or whatever. There's no one to tell them what's right and what's wrong you know. Yeah. The sort of on my end is more of the upper middle class. So I think our uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Not that we don't have a certain amount of local problems. Uh-huh. But on the other hand uh we get the uh affect of the uh the city. And uh the main crimes within the suburb here are the the theft crimes. A small number of assaults. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh well if we have one murder a year that's probably as many. Yeah. But then you know you go into Dallas and they are unfortunately uh having murders at a rate greater than one a day. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I think that's we're about the same in Baltimore. Though uh Washington I think is uh close by. And you know they experience a lot more. <SEP> Uh-huh. I think they definitely have more problems that uh in in the area. What what do you think can prevent crime? Well the thing is I don't. It's one of those things where if you're a grad student you can appreciate the statistics on. Uh-huh. <SEP> Unfortunately there are often these correlations that are inverse of what they should be like uh wherever there are more uh criminals there are more policemen. Yeah. But that's which came first. Yeah. <SEP> But on the other side of it is. It's it's basically the the problem is within the in the society and the society's views. Uh-huh. And well uh since now I'm in my mid-forties when I was in grad school or when I was an undergraduate growing up in a more rural area I thought you know crime was was reasonably unknown and just the situation that's developed with the the drug aspect of uh uh the pushers the dealers and the addicts uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I think Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I I I think I agree with you there. <SEP> Because it just was not uh something back in the sixties that uh I even had to worry about. Uh-huh. But I think you know that there is a lot in the society where things have changed. Uh so it's effected all of us. Uh-huh. Yeah. I think they the drug culture definitely has uh is one of the main problems. Yeah. Our uh our mayor in uh Baltimore is one of the people that goes on national television and says they should uh legalize drugs. Because it would eliminate the uh the violence and the uh the under- the the market I guess the the hidden market of the drugs and everything that goes along with it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. That make sense? He's one of the big proponents of that. He gets on national television and and says that you know. So it's uh. And he was a d- d- a District Attorney before and a prosecutor before becoming becoming mayor. So that's a really stran-. You know it's a different viewpoint. I uh. <SEP> You know in a sense I don't I'm n- I have real mixed feelings on that. Yeah. Because it comes a bit from the angle that the uh uh. It would certainly be an interesting test. Uh-huh. <SEP> But the other side of it to me. What happens if we lose worse. Uh y-. Well the other side is that unfortunately some of the down side. And I think if I look back fifty or a hundred years I'd say you know back then there were the opium dens. Right. <SEP> But the thing is if somebody ruined their life uh society didn't try to then save themselves from it. They let this person who had ruined it uh become well die or whatever. Uh-huh. I mean they probably became weakened physically and other things to the point that their life expectancy was real short. Right. Yeah. <SEP> But now we tend to believe somewhere in the health care system otherwise. We need to take care of people even if they have you know physically ruined themselves. Yeah. They have induced it themselves. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> And so to me that's. I uh I would certainly like to see a real test of of making drugs real cheap to see if when you make them available people then don't use them. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well I think you know they did that in Alaska. That that actually Alaska just recently legalized marijuana. <SEP> Uh Uh-huh. But I never I never heard results or anything like that. So I never you know. Plus that's such a that's not a true uh you know it really couldn't be a good test because Alaska's so different than every other part of the country. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know so that but that was interesting you know. I I don't. Crime is one of those things that's uh. I I don't know you know. The drug culture. The uh the uh you know. I I see it with the kids in the neighborhood just stealing things not thinking anything wrong with it. Yeah. Well th- some of that. And of course I'm a baby of the old school. Yeah. <SEP> But it it bothers me from the fifties on. Not that I'd remember that much from the fifties. Uh-huh. But but basically we have so much more of the something for nothing mentality. Yeah. That's true. That's true. We worked hard for everything. That's very true. <SEP> And so they. Uh-huh. In the. There were the sixty-four thousand dollar question shows in the fifties. But nowadays there's so much on TV where where people seem to have the idea they can get something for nothing. Of course uh I work for lawyers a lot. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I see unfortunately we have this whole mentality that somehow there are these pots of money out there that you can sue somebody and you know there's a million dollars you can have uh for mental duress or whatever. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> But you know the other thing that bothers me in the crime is the uh. In Europe they seem to have mentality. And drunk driving is a good one. Is that people are well indoctrinated in their society that drunken driving is unacceptable. Right. And yeah. If you're going to drink and you may drink you better have your designated driver. Uh-huh. <SEP> In this country and for example with alcohol or with drugs is we don't seem to understand how to handle it as a society to say okay it is okay under these circumstances but if you step outside these bounds the punishment is extreme. And we mean it. Yeah. Yeah. That I think that uh the drunk driving has just actually just caught on. Uh A- and I I I really uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. My father was hit by a drunk driver when I was in high school. Uh-huh. And uh that was a very uh that that was an awful three years afterwards. You know of recovery and the difficulties and uh everything we did. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you know the guy went free because this was twelve years ago thirteen years ago. Uh-huh. There was no. His father was even the uh police chief of the town. <SEP> Uh-huh. So there was no repercussion at all. You know other than insurance. But he was uninsured. Yeah. So uh our insurance paid for everything. But it was a very difficult time. And and then later this was actually funny my brother and I were picked up by the police for questioning because this fellow had bought a a new car. And somebody had taken like a baseball bat to it and broke all his windows and his lights and his dented it everywhere. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they came and questioned us. Yeah. You know and. <SEP> But that kind of shows how our attitude toward drinking and driving was uh misplaced for years. Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yep. Uh-huh. That you know it was an acceptable social behavior. Yeah. Very much so. Yeah. That those are some important points. Yeah. I. That's those are. <SEP> What are what does your city have for gun control if anything? Well see Maryland is one of the most. We just voted in uh gun control strong gun control here in the state of Maryland. I I think.
sw3229.txt:Okay. While I was waiting for you to connect I I thought of a couple of menus. So I decided it had to be in it informal or not. You know if it's informal I'd probably choose something I mean just like hamburgers or steaks out on the grill because that's a lot of fun especially this time of year where it's so nice out. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yes. Um if it was formal I'd probably go with something like a chicken breast or lasagna or something. I'm not I'm not into formal dinner parties. But I'd probably go with lasagna a green salad and garlic bread. <SEP> I see. So what do you use for cookbooks? Um I have a PILLSBURY cookbook I got when I was married. But it's kind of the bible of cooking for me. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Then I have some from like church that are more family recipes that are more useful. You know budget cookbooks. Uh-huh. But and of course you get a lot from when you're growing up. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Um I cook a lot the same as as my mom did. Of course I've added several different recipes. <SEP> Right. But what you serve or what would you. Well I I I think we come from from different backgrounds uh. So the. Well that's good. <SEP> I I I. So it diff- you know. Have different perspectives that you are. I find the JOY OF COOKING to be a remarkably useful book to to fall back on. Uh-huh. Because it has almost everything in it. But on the other hand it's not very inspiring uh. It's a good reference when you need to dig something up. Uh-huh. <SEP> What we've found very useful is a book called THE THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK. I think that's the title by Marion Burroughs. Huh. Uh which has recipes which allegedly can all be prepared in thirty minutes you know the whole meal. Yeah. <SEP> And so she's. That would be wonderful in these times. Yeah. Now now I I find that the cutting up of the food and all that really makes it take a little longer than thirty minutes. Yeah. Either they're really fast or Uh-huh. <SEP> But they're but they're but they're interesting they're interesting menus um combinations that you wouldn't have nobody thought of. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um. What's one of your favorites? Um gee. The one I had most recently was was one that was ha-. She she describes as Jim Beard's favorite um summer menu or something. And it consisted of of grilled kielbasa sausage uh a potato salad with olive oil and uh some tomatoes that had been chopped up with onions and curry powder and probably some yogurt was in there. Uh-huh. <SEP> Wow. Sounds too good. Uh and that and that was you know that's that that's certain you can do in thirty minutes. Yeah. <SEP> But there are a whole lot of you know. I mean I I would recommend you look at that book if you're a busy person. Yeah. That THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK. THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK. That sounds fun. I find a lot of the cookbooks that I don't know that you buy over the counter ask for really strange ingredients or things I don't keep on hand all the time. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I have young children. And our budget's set you know at this time. But I want to use simple recipes that I have things on hand. Uh-huh. I don't have to run to the store to buy or look for something I haven't heard of. <SEP> Yes. Yes. That's why sometimes I shy away from uh more of a traditional cookbook. Uh-huh. But well it was interesting talking to you. It's a fun subject. Food is one of my favorite things too. <SEP> Yes. Anything else you wanted to add? Well you had said dinner you know you know. What would I put together for a formal dinner. We we had some friends over as recently as Saturday night. Oh wow. <SEP> And and um put here here. The inspiration was a combination of Julia Child for the dessert you know a chocolate mousse recipe and a sort of cookbook which has a recipe for a thing called chicken marabella um which is this wonderful thing you can do um. Uh-huh. That's good. Uh-huh. <SEP> Basically you're baking baking chicken in a in an open pan um having marinated it first. And my wife did this part so I don't remember all the details. Uh-huh. Marinated in olive oil and some seasoning um and cooked with some olives and some and some prunes uh. There's a little bit of brown sugar in there. And it bakes up. And it's a delicious thing. And it's easy. That sounds good. <SEP> Comparatively. So. Um. I'm sorry. That sounds really good. I just love. It sounds like you guys are a little more gourmet than I am. I'm pretty simple right now. But. <SEP> Well maybe a little more leisure time to do it. Yes. I don't know. That's probably that's true. I have little ones. And we and they won't eat you know too many different foods right now. <SEP> Yeah. I found my kids were very frustrating when they were little in terms of their tastes. Yes. <SEP> Yeah. Well there again sometimes it was easy. They'd you know. Canned ravioli was one of their favorites and so it was easy to open a can of ravioli. <SEP> Yeah. Spaghetti's a pretty staple every other week or so. <SEP> Yes. And it goes a long ways too. So. All righty. Well nice talking to you Cheryl. <SEP> Okay. Talk to you later maybe. Bye.
sw3467.txt:I said Arlington Texas because the other day I was talking with somebody. And he was in Arlington Virginia. Oh no. Yeah. That's the only one I've got now for this area. <SEP> Oh gosh oh gosh. Well anyway we've got a easy subject. Yes. We do. You go ahead first if you'd like. <SEP> Okay. Let me think here. Favorite. I haven't been watching much T V lately. Yeah. You know you get so busy. <SEP> I used to. Yeah. I have uh I have one favorite soap opera. I still watch. And I tape because I'm not home. Oh. <SEP> And uh let's see. That's GENERAL HOSPITAL. And then uh at night uh I don't uh when I sit down I don't usually sit down till almost nine o'clock when my kids get in bed. I know. And and uh then I watch. Uh what do I watch at nine o'clock. Let's see. Oh well Tuesday nights I guess we try to catch a couple of the shows that the kids like. Right. <SEP> And uh. Are they little? I have a seven year old and a ten year old. Yeah. They're pretty young. <SEP> And uh so we usually catch uh FULL HOUSE. And uh what's the one comes on after that. It's a new one uh. I don't know. My kids are older. Uh-huh. So I don't I don't know some of those shows now like I used to. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Uh other than that uh oh gosh. I watch KNOTS LANDING on Thursday nights for pure entertainment nothing else. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Well I I like the comedies. They're just light too. I have to watch MURPHY BROWN. I really like. Oh now that is a good one. I make a point of that. <SEP> That is. Yeah. If I'm home on Mondays then I I definitely watch her. I love that. And I really like COACH. I think it's when it's good it's just a scream. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well he's a good actor. He really is good. Well he's probably playing himself. Half the time you see these people on an interview show they're they act just like they do in their parts. Yeah. Yeah. He. I saw him on JOHNNY CARSON once. And he acted about the same. <SEP> Oh God. Well he could very well be. Yeah. And uh. So do you watch much T V. Or. Well I watch more now because well I I had been going to school for years and have really been too busy. <SEP> Uh-huh. But this semester I'm only taking one course. And so I see MURPHY BROWN and COACH and THE WONDER YEARS. I just make a point of seeing those. Now I never see that. Well I've got a friend that says that is just wonderful show. Oh it's fabulous. Really you should never miss that. It they are just gems of shows. I mean they really fabulous in every way. <SEP> Oh nice. What now what night is that on now? Oh that's Wednesday at uh seven thirty. <SEP> Wednesday at seven thirty. Oh okay. Yeah. Wednesdays I I go to church choir. So. That's my one night out and about. Oh yeah. So. Sure. Yeah. Well maybe maybe your husband could tape it for you sometime. <SEP> Yeah. I should get him to do that. Because I know. Just so you get the idea. It wouldn't take Wouldn't take much to get hooked on those. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. So so I watch those. Are there any new ones this year that came out that you like. Or. Well you know I haven't oh. Yeah. We started watching NORTHERN EXPOSURE. Well it's not really new. But it's still kind of new. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. How's that? I haven't seen that. I like it a lot. It's real different. In fact they never thought it would be a hit. Huh. I mean they'll have some things in there that almost almost you know like supernatural or something. You know I mean somebody will see a figure from the past that nobody else does. Or I mean it sounds weird. But it's very uh unique show and very well done. <SEP> Huh. Excellent actors. I'll have to watch for that. I I guess we just. It came on after something we used to watch. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And I guess we just kept sitting there. And then now we make a point of watching. I can't take all these shows on because next semester I'm not going to be able to watch hardly any television. Uh-huh. Well then it will be mostly reruns I guess. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And by the end of February the way they do it nowadays. Gosh. Well we used to watch a lot of DESIGNING WOMEN. But uh. <SEP> But uh I haven't seen that much lately. Since they got rid of uh Delta Burke and uh brought on the new ones. Yeah. Yeah. I've seen that. <SEP> Was she the was she the best one? Was she the best one on that old show? <SEP> Oh she was just funny. Really? She was really funny. And her character was good. I don't know that it was her in particular but just the character. Right. Right. <SEP> So uh. Yeah. They had a big fight on that show didn't they? Yeah. Yeah. They were all accusing each other of everything in the world. <SEP> Oh that was awful. And who knows still what ha- really happened you know. Well I know. Gosh you never will probably. Yeah. Yeah. So. Well I think the latest soap opera for people is the Kennedy trial for those who have cable. <SEP> Oh I know. I don't have cable. Now I told. No. We don't have that station either. So uh I haven't been able to catch any of that. But just what little we caught on the news. It's just as wild as any soap opera from what I hear on the news. <SEP> Oh I know it. And I think he's guilty as the devil. Well I don't see how he couldn't be you know. I know. What's in it for her. There's never anything for you to go to trial as a witness in a case like that. Because you know they tear you to shreds especially those rich high powered lawyers. <SEP> Yeah. That's right. Oh and they said this lawyer is unbelievable. <SEP> Um. But they said she held up so well yesterday. I know. Everybody was saying that. And then in the paper said it. So It should be interesting. <SEP> Yeah. Oh God. Well the NATIONAL ENQUIRER says. <SEP> I was reading that in the supermarket line. I never have the nerve to buy the thing. Uh. Oh shoot. Well do you watch any uh any sports or anything like that. Says he. <SEP> Or. No. I don't care anything about that. Because I don't either. I can't I can't watch it on T V. So. I like the ice skating. You know occasionally some ice skating will come on on a Sunday or during the Olympics. <SEP> Uh-huh. I always watch that. I think it's so beautiful. Yeah. I like to catch the gymnastics sometimes too. Oh yeah. That's good.
sw3279.txt:Okay. I've got a you know. I have a real good method of starting to get the budget balancing. And then that's get half of the government rid of the half of the government payroll. I think that would probably uh be very possible. <SEP> And and we really wouldn't feel it in our services. Not all. I you know I don't know if you've ever been to Washington D C. Yes. I have. Uh you you've seen that which was on there and the offices. And in light of these uh hearings we've all been sitting through the last two weeks we have very definitely decided that every department there is just overstaffed. <SEP> Right. They really don't have enough to keep them busy to keep their noses at in their own business of what they're doing. Right. And the other thing is uh besides that I think uh two things that very definitely need looking at one is foreign aid. I have a real problem with all the foreign aid that is going to the countries that really have no use for us. <SEP> Right. I find that a total waste and part of the defense budget. Uh again being just a voter and a taxpayer you know working through our congressman I don't think there's too much that I'm going to be able to do about it. But I believe in taking an active part in politics. So. Yeah. Well I. One one thing that really bothers me beyond beyond cutting what they spend is that just really aggravates me when the big businesses do not end up paying taxes. And the um regular normal taxpayers are you know paying such a large proportion of of our personal income. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then the uh corporate you know industries just don't seem to not pay proportionally. Right. I think that that would would help a lot. I guess in a way it would trickle down to us in the prices of things. But I don't know. It's just hard to hard to take and you know see so much of our paycheck go out and then realize that they have all the loopholes that they can use. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh seems like some rather large chunks of money could come from from that direction. But. Yeah. They don't they don't seem to well. I really think the biggest problem. And then the Taft-Rudman Act is supposed to help that. The biggest part is they have no accountability for what they're doing. Yeah. I mean this nonsense that's coming through now about uh uh lowering payments on Social Security and a few other things that Bush has in mind in order t- to boost the economy because people have n- more money as it's gets it's ridiculous. <SEP> Yeah. If they don't have that money now bringing in less is not going to help the problem as far as the government. Not not going to help. <SEP> It's nev- never helped my my personal situation. I I can't say it would help with theirs either. No. Yeah. And thank God we don't operate our budget the way they operate theirs or we'd all be in in dire trouble. <SEP> Amen. But that's uh. Yeah. I don't know what we're going to be able to do about it. But I guess it's sitting around so long that it's sort of like our mortgages. I don't ever expect to pay mine off before I die. So I guess why should the government. <SEP> Isn't. That's the way they're thinking these days anyway. It seems seems to be. I you know I. It really does bother me when I think about you know leaving our children with with this sort of uh a national problem that we can't seem to find an an answer to it uh. I don't know. I I don't think it ever will really. I. Maybe if they ever get to the point the biggest you know the biggest outlaid expense has always been either wars or defense. <SEP> Right. Really. If they were to take half of what they spend on that and put it on some economic you know inter- intergovernmental or inter United States like programs that one really might. Yeah. I I believe in paying my share. And I don't mind uh paying for some of these fringe benefits that people are entitled to. But I just I just sometimes feel like I'm being used. But uh again I don't think we'll be able to do anything about it. So. <SEP> Well that's that's quite possible. I guess we have to have to keep plugging away a little bit. Or it will just totally get even more out of control. But I I don't know. Yeah. Bite the bullet. It sounds like you have a baby there. Yeah. I I do. Uh-huh. <SEP> She's a. We're not feeling too well over here. So that. Oh really? Yeah. Oh that's a shame. She's not the one going to Washington huh? <SEP> No. No. She's. Oh. I don't think I could part with her. Okay. Okay Geri. We've probably been on long enough. <SEP> Okay. They didn't cut us off. But I think that will probably do it. So it was nice talking to you. Okay. Well thanks. Okey-doke. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2330.txt:There we go. Yeah. Well uh I think the weather lately has been a bit warmer than I would expect this time of year. I think that's true. The uh the Bermuda grass is greening up in March. And sometimes doesn't really start doing that until the first part of April. So. So I think we're a little hea- ahead of schedule on that. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I was out in my yard yesterday afternoon. And I noticed all that grass coming up. And I thought ooh. We've got to start this mowing bit soon. That's true. It's been a a fun break. But the break is over. <SEP> Yeah. Well um oh I guess another thing I've noticed too here lately is that even though we've had some pretty warm days it's been awfully gray you know just. Yeah. Now the last couple of weekends have been nice and sunny. Yeah. But it seems like every time at work I look out my window it's gray. Well yeah. But I'd rather have a sunny weekend than a gray weekend. <SEP> Oh I go for that. Yeah. Yeah. In fact I'm a little worried about this one coming up here. We have a long weekend. And it sounds like it's going to be a little bit on the cool side. Yeah. I haven't heard whether it's going to rain or not. <SEP> I think there's an eighty percent chance this evening. But it's supposed to be cleared out at least by noon tomorrow. And then the rest will be without rain. Well that's good. But I think the highs are going to be in the sixties and the lows in the forties. That's getting back to a little bit chillier. Yeah. That probably is a little bit under what it is for this time of year. I think. I haven't seen the wea- the weather on the news in the evening lately. But I think the average high would be should be about seventy. <SEP> Yeah. I'm not certain either. But you're probably right. Yeah. Well I like it when it's sort of a medium temperature uh maybe seventy-five to eighty somewhere in there. I don't like it when it's too cool or too warm. I'm much more apt to get things done when it's at that sort of in between temperature. Yeah. That's true. Um one of the remarkable things about the weather in the summertime here is that quite often the average daytime high of say ninety-nine degrees is within five or six degrees of the all time record high. <SEP> Um. And what that tells me is that the summer weather is very predictable that it doesn't vary very much. Yeah. You're probably right. I mean any other time of year that's not the case because it could be very warm or very cold. <SEP> Yes. As a matter of fact I heard the weather the other day on T V. And I think it was one day this week a year ago. Uh-huh. They said that we had a freeze and some kind of bad weather. You know. Right. <SEP> It wasn't just a super bad storm. But it was it was that sort of thing that we never like to see in the the late spring time. Right. Yeah. One of the weirdest things I saw I think it was around this time last year was a twenty-six degree lightening storm. <SEP> Oh wow. I you know I was going into the grocery store. And a a lightening bolt was almost directly overhead. And it was twenty- six degrees out. Um. And I thought Well gee I've I've never known it to lightening at that temperature. <SEP> Yeah. That that is pretty unusual. And you really take notice of it too. That's right. It uh it probably was a lot warmer up high. Sometimes they get those inversions like when we had that twelve and a half days a few years ago that it never got up as high as freezing. The air temperature at five thousand feet was fifty degrees. Um. The cold weather was just simply trapped along the ground and couldn't get away. <SEP> Wow. I don't don't like that super cold stuff. Nope. I just don't move very well when it's that cold. Yep. I I'm really enjoying this now. Well this has been interesting. <SEP> Yeah well. Not too challenging to the brain. Not not a real in depth topic but enjoyed talking to you. Nope. <SEP> All right Ellen. Well you have a good day. Okay. Bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.
sw2667.txt:Okay. Okay uh. The question was about uh physical fitness and staying in shape and exercise. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well uh I I don't do it as much as I should. I try to walk. Uh-huh. And uh last year I would I did it every day. But I've kind of in ninety-one I've kind of gone down hill. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so I'm not doing it as much as I need to. But I I can tell you when I do do it on a regular basis I feel so much better and so much healthier. I agree. But it's just to get motivated to do it. And once I get started and and I I I ca- I do it every night. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's just to get uh motiv- motivated again. And what happened about couple of weeks ago I started again. And I was walking. And it got kind of dark. Uh-huh. And I was by myself. And there was this fellow in this truck that kept circling the block. Ooh. <SEP> And so I I kind of got frightened. And I kind of use that as an excuse. All I have to do is start earlier. But. Right. <SEP> I haven't walked since. So. It's always easy to find an excuse not to exercise. I know what you mean. Yeah. It sure is. It sure is. How about you? Do you exercise on a regular basis? Um well I try to. Um I started at the beginning of this year. I decided all right I'm going to start exercising again. I'm going to be real good. And I went through the T I fitness center and registered for the uh aerobics classes there. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they run for two months at a time. And you have to you do have to pay to take them. And I took I signed up for one that was three nights a week an hour and a half. So that was four and a half hours a week. Oh. And it cost sixty dollars. And I thought okay that's not cheap. That'll encourage me to always go since I spent that much money. <SEP> Right. And I had a friend of mine going. So I was real good. I only missed it about three times. And then oh March came around. And I signed up again. And I got uh caught up with a class I was taking at T I. And then I was having to work some real late hours to get caught with my work after I got out of class. Uh-huh. And then I went to Colorado Springs the next week to do some training at the T I up there. And so that was two weeks I had missed. And boy I tell you what I've been terrible ever since then. <SEP> Yeah. It's once you get out of that habit you just don't you don't get back into it. Uh-huh. Because I teach school. And last year a bunch of teachers had an aerobics class. We went in together and hired a private instructor. And she came to our school twice a week. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I I was. I would go faithfully. And then I missed once. Then I went back again a couple times and missed another time and then kept missing and never went back again. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think if you. You just have to stick with it. Oh yeah. I think I've been two maybe three times the month of April. And this session is about to run out. Now I signed up for a different one now that's only two nights a week because I am getting kind of into a real busy schedule as far as teaching a lot of training classes. And some of them require me to go out of town. Uh-huh. And and uh that just kind of throws my whole schedule off on doing that. So. And I've. <SEP> Yeah. Lately uh there's been nights that I could have gone. And I've found excuses uh things like I had the flu last week. Yeah. But I'm fine this week. I could have gone Monday. <SEP> I could have gone tonight. And I didn't. Yeah. So I'm kind of finding excuses. And now it's kind of like well. This is the last week. I'll just start fresh next week. But I better better do it. And I think another thing is that my friend that was taking with me the first two months wasn't the second two months. She started taking tennis lessons. And so I haven't had that extra motivation of of us forcing each other or not forcing each other but encouraging each other to go. <SEP> Yeah. So. Sure. Yeah. That makes a difference when you have somebody to go with and to do the same the same thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> Like it's misery loves company. I don't really love exercise. I mean some I. The neighbor across the street she goes belongs to President's. And uh it's not President's any more. I don't know what the name of it is anymore. But she loves it. Uh-huh. I mean it's just it's an automatic high for her. Uh-huh. <SEP> She just enjoys it so much. And I don't. Yeah. I'm the same way. I feel good after I do it. But I hate it when I'm doing it. Yeah. <SEP> You know I just. I don't enjoy it at all. And she just loves it. So. Even when she doesn't go to the health club she runs you know. Uh-huh. And it's a daily thing for her. So it you know. And it's so hard for me. I envy her. I wish I could be that way. But I don't. I don't. I do too. <SEP> And I have an older sister that loves running too. And she runs all the time. But at to me it's every minute's agony. And I. In fact I don't run. I hate to run. Uh-huh. Like when I walk I'll take along a radio or something. And that helps you know pass the time. Right. Yeah. Walking is kind of boring. I do have a few friends that live in my apartment complex in this neighborhood. And we try to we used to try to get together. And I think now that the weather's getting nicer we're going to start doing it again and occasionally go walking. There's a real nice residential area right behind our apartment complex. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And it's not as boring if you get several people. That's right. And you can kind of talk. And and it it makes it pass pretty quickly. And the aerobics isn't too boring. I kind of enjoy it when I'm doing it. Um. It's a lot more fun than some other things I could do I guess. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. But uh I do I do have to make myself go. And of course while I'm doing it I feel pretty good. And after I get finished I feel great. Oh it's great afterwards. Yeah. I mean I can go in there. I can be. Like a Friday afternoon when I'm tired it's the end of the week and I just want to go home. And I'll make myself go. And I'll have headache and everything. And I get out. I don't have a headache any more. I feel great. And I'm just. It's amazing how much better I feel. <SEP> Yeah. And then just in general I sleep a lot better. Yeah. That's right. And I just feel much better. I mean I've been kind of dragging the last few weeks. And I know if I would just get around to exercising I'd feel better. <SEP> Exactly. It does. It gives you energy. But my dragginess is my excuse for not exercising. <SEP> Yeah. Well I'm too tired. Or I have a headache. Or. Well I just got over the flu. And I'm still kind of draggy. So I better not go. <SEP> It's kind of a vicious circle isn't it? Yeah. It really is. Yeah. I find too that I have more energy when I exercise. And you know it's silly not to. But I don't know. It's just a put off. I don't know why I don't do more. And I and I know that it's good for my health. I know you know from everything that you read and you see on television now exercise is so important to good health. Right. <SEP> So you know you not only you know you're not only doing something to keep yourself fit but you're probably prolonging your life. So. Right. There's no reason that we shouldn't do it. But I don't know. It's just hard to make yourself go. And I I think one thing I don't like about aerobics is that after I'm finished it's kind of late at night. And I've been sweaty. And and it you know. I don't really feel like going in the grocery store all sweaty or running errands. <SEP> Yeah. So it kind of kills the evening for doing errands. So I think a Tuesday Thursday might be a little bit better. Yeah. Of course I feel like once I've done it if I'm sweaty I might as well do an extra thirty minutes because you've already kind of shot your night. <SEP> Right. But um so I'm kind of glad they have a longer class on Tuesday Thursday now that I can just kill two nights and and uh get a reasonable amount of workout in. Yeah. <SEP> Does it cost the same for just two nights or. No. It's less expensive. Well that's good too. This one was only forty-five dollars. But I'm glad it's not too totally cheap because if it was too cheap I would talk myself out of going more probably. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Since it's more expensive I think Okay you spent that much money you'd better go. That's right. That's right. So hopefully. <SEP> Well do you have a facility right at the where you work? No. Yeah. Yeah. It's right there. And it's they have a really nice facility at the T I. They've got two different aerobics rooms. They have the mirrors. Of course sometimes you don't like to see the mirrors on the wall. You don't like to see how you work. But I guess sometimes it kind of motivates you to really get going. But. <SEP> Yeah. And then they hire private instructors? Uh-huh. Oh that's great. And they have ceiling fans in the rooms. And it's it's a pretty nice setup. Um. And of course it's real convenient because it is right there at work. I think if I had to come home and then go somewhere I'd never make it. <SEP> Yeah. And just the fact that I can go straight from my desk over to the the recreation center and do it helps a lot. Uh-huh. Yeah. I can see that would be uh easy. They make it as easy as they possibly can for you. Oh yeah. <SEP> Well um do a lot of people take advantage of it? Quite a few do. They have probably ooh I'd say fifteen different fifteen to twenty different aerobics classes each session that are running. And they have them anywhere from six in the morning. Uh. They have some during during lunch hour that are shorter. And I guess guys can take advantage of that. For me I wouldn't have time to do an hour hour of aerobics and then take a shower and get get dressed again. Oh yeah. But there's a lot more guys that do that one. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um they have them you know in the evenings. They even have some late night ones for people that work second shift and things like that. So they have big variety. They even have some uh aerobic uh water aerobics when the weather gets nice out in the pool. I've never done that one before. But. Oh you have a pool there too? Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh how nice. They've got an olympic pool and and basketball courts and sand volleyball. They've got the full weight room and uh the locker rooms with uh a jacuzzi and sauna and the shower facilities and hair dryers and all the you know everything you'd need just about. Wow. It's a real it is a real nice facility. It's also got a full insid- inside basketball court. And I think they're working on building a jogging track and some other things. But it's it is very nice. <SEP> That's great. I just don't take as much advantage of it as I should. Now to use. I mean I'm just now finally starting to do the aerobics thing. But. <SEP> Well does it cost money like to use the to exercise in the weight room or to uh to tak- to go swimming. Do you have to pay for that too. Yeah. You can get a fitness membership that allows you to use the facilities. And it's about eight dollars a month. Oh that's not bad. No. Not at all. <SEP> Huh-uh. Pretty cheap. Um. And then the aerobics cost extra even if you have the fitness membership. But I think the aerobics classes are even pretty reasonably priced from what I've heard. <SEP> I think so too. Yeah. Well and people of all ages take advantage of the aerobics? Hm? People of all ages take advantage of the aerobics? Oh yeah. In fact uh the T I-er's families can come in on these things.
sw3251.txt:Okay. I missed a part of it. We're to talk about what lawns and gardens? Lawn and garden work and what you enjoy and what kind of work you do. I'm I'm a putterer. I chose that topic because I really like gardening as far as flowers and shrubs and just keeping a pretty yard. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I well. It's it's it's very str- strange that I got this call because my wife just called me. I was just in the shower after finishing mowing the lawn and you know mowing the lawn and removing some old petunias out of the garden. Oh. This type of thing is working right in to start planting fall fall bulbs. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh. We've had a late fall. It seems like the weather. In fact today it's really warm. And so many of the summer flowers are still pretty enough that you hate to pull them up. But you know you need to pretty soon. Well that's the way this was. The the petunias were really great. Our mums are are beautiful. <SEP> Oh. Uh I don't know if we I don't think we've had a frost up here. I've been I was down in for a week. So I don't know what happened last week. Uh-huh. Uh but uh it seems like it's I don't know if it's late. I'm sort of waiting for Indian Summer. So I can get a lot of stuff down out here. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh I I enjoy it. We came here we just moved into this well we moved in in November and put all all the landscaping in this this year. We came from nine years in a condo uh. And working in that condo you didn't have to do anything you know unless you really wanted to. Uh-huh. So. <SEP> So now you have the chance to really create and and spread out. Right. You know I can't. This is my third third house I think I've owned um. But uh it's interesting you know. The only problem is that I do quite a bit of traveling. And it sort of gets away from me if you're not with it. <SEP> Uh-huh. So but uh I I enjoy most of it. And about this time of year there is it starts getting a little old. And I start looking forward to you know having other things to do with my. The grass not growing so fast. <SEP> Well it is it is for me. Because I've been doing a lot of fertilizing. We had a terrible summer. We had a drought. Oh. And uh took a lot of watering and a lot of fertilizing. And now it's really growing. And I'm trying to establish a good root root growth you know for the winter. <SEP> Um. Ours seems to have slowed down here. We're not having to mow every week religiously. Really. <SEP> But we're still fighting bugs and ready to change some of the the summer flowers out. Uh. I still have caladiums that are pretty which is a surprise this late in the year. Oh really? <SEP> Uh-huh. Um. But like today it's eighty-five degrees. Oh yeah. <SEP> It's really strange. Yeah. I hear that from my brother-in-law lives in Plano. But that'll change real quick. Yeah. <SEP> Well he always. We'll wish we'd planted bulbs and pansies already. He waits until it gets about seventeen below up here. And then he calls us. <SEP> Oh my gosh. Yeah. It's seventy degrees here in the sunshine. So. Well Texas has gotten to where it's a real problem as far as plants because our summers are so terribly hot. <SEP> And we have ice storms every year. And there just aren't that many plants and shrubs that can take both of those extremes. Uh-huh. Some of the things that used to be hardy are getting to where they don't make it through the two swings. Yeah. That is. I was you know I was like conditioned to it. <SEP> Uh-huh. They they have to be hardened to it. That's that's strange with me. You know you think Dallas you know almost semitropical you wouldn't have that kind of that kind of problem. But. Well for the most part we don't. But we have usually just a pocket of really bad hot and really bad cold. Well the summers have gotten where they're a lot hotter. Uh-huh. <SEP> But the the ice storms really are stressful on all the the plants that we have around. We've noticed that crepe myrtles don't do as well as they used to and uh pittosporum. Really. Oh do they. That used to be the kind of things we could plant all the time. Uh-huh. <SEP> You you really take a chance with them freezing. I love. Yeah. I love the uh the landscaping. Like I say my brother-in-law. I get to Carrollton quite a bit. <SEP> Uh-huh. I go there on business. And I really enjoy getting around and seeing the different areas with different gardens. And Texas is. D- Dallas is very nice. I really enjoy it there. The landscaping the homes the architecture the whole thing very enjoyable gardens. Uh-huh. And my wife and I. <SEP> Except for the lack of trees out where we are. It was all cotton fields. Well. And when we get to other parts of the country where the trees are so beautiful we really miss it. Yeah. That we have you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Ohio's a very pretty state. We moved in seventy-six we moved to Chicago. We lived there for five years. And I remember the first time I took my wife there on a house hunt. Uh we were coming in. And before the plane landed she looked out the window. And she said she said there's no trees down there. This is Illinois. You're not. And when we got out to the area where we decided we were going to live and buy a house there were no trees because the farmers had cleared all the land. <SEP> Um. Uh-huh. And now all of a sudden it was being developed. And the first thing I did was planted all kinds of trees.
sw2962.txt:Well uh it seems to me that uh that. I do not know whether the jury system uh. I I should not say I do not know. I do not feel very uh stronger that the jury system should be changed. It seems to have worked uh time immemorial. And when uh difficult decisions uh are made uh uh uh they generally prove out to be right by things that occur later on. Uh-huh. Uh I know in some cases now in some states depending on the criminal code uh a unanimous verdict is not required. And indeed some juries are no longer twelve people. They are down to as little as small as six people in I think in petty in in uh in uh in minor felonies and uh and misdemeanor trials. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh I think that the judges should be left to do most of the sentencing simply because uh there is always uh there is there is always a jury that might be swayed uh by the moment uh to either to be too lenient or too vengeful I guess. <SEP> Yeah. On the other hand uh attorney uh uh justices are more apt to uh understand you know the cr- the prison crowding problems and things like that and have that sway their decisions one way or the other. You know. Yeah. But I mean is not that uh is that a reflection then of what is really happening in the real world? <SEP> If if if they keep giving everybody hundred year sentences and the people in various states it does not seem that people want to be taxed to build more prisons. Or even in for that matter uh repair the uh the lack of judges and and and other uh. Yeah. I think that is what is happening. I think uh the judges are trying to save the people from having to the cost of new prisons. <SEP> Yeah. They. Yeah. You know that might be it. I mean they they certainly. <SEP> They are saying oh well you know the the people can not afford it. I do not I don't know how it is in Virginia. <SEP> But in Florida now uh uh uh at eighteen years someone was just sentenced to eighteen years I heard it on TODAY uh without any specific recommendation for uh uh uh uh uh uh waving the normal uh procedures. And the eighteen years will uh translate into something like uh four point seven if every if the if the prisoner is a model prisoner. <SEP> Yeah. And indeed the present overcrowding conditions uh prevail. Plus I guess there was some credit for time this guy had already spent in jail waiting for trial. <SEP> Right. So uh yeah. You might be right about that. I I I do not know. It just seems to me that only about uh from what I read only about ninety percent of the ca- only about ten percent of the pa- cases come for trial anyway. Right. And uh only about uh f- four or five percent of uh. In the in the very end. Or less than less than half the trials that go to uh less than half the cases that go to trial uh end up w- with uh with the jury actually making the verdict. <SEP> With a conviction? Oh okay. That most of it is plea bargained uh half way through. Or or most of the cases are plea bargained anyway. <SEP> Right. But uh uh how do you feel about the uh about the jury system itself? Do you do you think that should be changed? Or do you do you know in Virginia whether it is if they have smaller juries. Or. Uh I do not know exactly what the size of the juries. I know one of my friends was uh uh brought up for jury duty. Yeah. <SEP> For. And he only heard very you know piddly type cases. Most of it was uh robberies or things like that you know. It was not any serious crimes. So apparently even for the smallest crimes they give the person the you know any felony anyways. Yeah. Well I guess we. Th- they give the person the option for a jury. Yeah. I guess we always focus on criminal trials with th- with the jury. But I know you have a right to ask for a jury in in any sort of a case that even where damages are are are uh are the result of some sort of a uh an action that you are bringing against someone else. You can ask for that to be heard before a jury. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Takes a heck of a long time I guess to get there in some states. <SEP> Uh-huh. I I I do not know uh. I should imagine Virginia from what I read uh uh is like every other state. It it is faced with uh uh enormous costs to maintain the jury system and the prison system and the entire trial system. Because I guess everywhere I read that there is a shortage of judges. Right. <SEP> Right. Not that they won't appoint them. But there is no budget for them I guess. Or and the courthouse that goes with them and the bailiffs and the clerk uh court clerks. Huh. <SEP> Yeah. Whatever. So it seems uh. No. I I I do not think I would change it. The more I verbalize it I I do not think I would want to change the system. Right. I do not know what we would replace it with. <SEP> Uh I do not think I would either. Yeah. I know. It uh does seem like the the the the purpose of getting people in jail so that you know the the. I can not think of the word I am looking for. Anyway the deterrent. For people to to commit the cri- uh to not to commit the crime is sort of gone away. Yes. <SEP> People have. I do not know. They just do not care any more. The benefit I guess of crime outweighs what the deterrent is. Uh and yet there are there are so many there are so many people in prison. You know people that. I mean the prison population uh as far as I I uh you know. My impression of it is that it has that it has doubled in the last ten years and tripled in the last twenty. <SEP> Um. I mean it. So has our I guess our population has grown some too. But there there definitely is uh uh you know to me the one of the worst things that could ever happen uh from what I read and see and understand. I mean I do no think I could handle prison. Yeah. I mean it would be very difficult. <SEP> Well I would be interested in finding out what the uh percentage of drug related type things are. Well there must be a ca- a a a very great degree of that. <SEP> And uh. Yeah. But but there again I I do not know if the the jury system itself uh comes in to play there. I would think that. One of the things that sort of bothers me is the ability. Of course th- it is a constitutional right that the press must have here is th- the interviewing of jurors after the trial. I mean that it seems to me that that that when a jury makes a decision they should not be asked uh before television cameras and newspaper reporters how they reached that decision. I mean I do not. <SEP> Yeah. I imagine there is a certain certain right of the press to have the ability to ask that. But I I would think I if I did anything I would protect the juror from from any sort of an inquisition after. Well I know uh. On the other hand though when uh- after the Barry trial up here you know the big local trial as well as national. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Oh yeah. Well I do a lot of business up in Washington. <SEP> I was there during the during the trial actually. Yeah. Yeah. And the opposite was true of me. Uh after the case was over I was like somebody get ahold of these people and find out why in the world did they vote the way they did you know. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It was like well a picture is not good enough. We want to see. I do not know what they wanted honestly. Did they want the guy to I do not know. I mean just because you feel like he was being kicked on which he certainly was you know. I think I. No doubt in my mind the federal government picked him out and selected him to be prosecuted. Oh I felt that way. <SEP> I felt I felt. But it does not matter. <SEP> The guy was obviously guilty. No. But. Yeah. I always balanced in the in the situation. I remember the jurors uh. I thought to myself how did how did. They only I think they only uh found him guilty on one count. Which was uh not even which was a class something felony. Which was not even punishable uh uh to the degree that they thought it. <SEP> One one count. Yeah. But I do not know. Maybe when you are there in the r- in the courtroom yourself and you are sitting there and you have got to make a judgment on somebody. And the prosecutors do a lousy job. Or maybe the evidence was not as sensational as the media presented it. I mean I I am not making excuses for. <SEP> Yeah. That might be it. Well yeah. I think we are getting. I think I am getting a call coming in. <SEP> Oh. Okay. All right nice talking with you. Well it has been nice talking to you. <SEP> Thank you. Uh-huh. Bye-bye.
sw2241.txt:Okay. Um what do you do this weekend? Well uh pretty much spent most of my time either in the yard or at nurseries buying stuff for the yard. Huh. Which is. Wh- d- what do you plan have planned for your yard? <SEP> Well uh we just bought our house uh last July. And it's it it the house is forty years old. So there's there's an established lawn and whatnot flower beds things like that. But they've uh they've gone a few years of neglect. Uh-huh. So we're in the process of uh revitalizing the whole situation. We've got um different flower beds in front and uh a window box a built in window box um trying to get some color back in those get the trees trimmed up uh get rid of a few weed problems and things like that. Huh. <SEP> So. What part of the state do you live in? Uh I live in Dallas. Oh okay. Okay. My wife and I we live in Dallas too. So. <SEP> Okay. Yeah. Just what that area. We're planning on moving to Flower Mound. And we're going to be getting some wheel h-. We're going to have to do a lot of lawn and garden work there. Yeah. Seems like it. Uh the place we've been living at it's uh we're we're just leasing it. The in Plano and the soil has so much has such a high clay content that uh uh I went to use my dad-in-law's tiller and it about for my arms off sockets. <SEP> Uh-huh. I'll bet. <SEP> I'll bet. I mean just just scratching two or three inches was just a chore. It was it was. And then when it gets wet you know you don't even want to get out in the yard. <SEP> Right. It's horrible. Right. It's a nightmare. But um I don't know what what i-. Um where you live is there a real high uh alkaline or ash content. Or. <SEP> Yeah. It's pretty high alk- w-. Ac- actually it's done uh. It's in the north end of Oak Cliff in uh Kessler Park area. Yeah. Yeah. And uh we've got about. I know right where that's at. <SEP> Yeah. We've we've got mayb- maybe eight to eight inches to a foot of soil. Uh-huh. And then it's solid rock from then on down. So. Really. <SEP> Yeah. It's uh a little aggravating. We can't we can't put in anything too big um as far as uh shrubs and things like that because they've got to get a chance to find the find the cracks in the rock. Golly. But uh. Is it is it limestone under underneath? <SEP> Yeah. It is. It's it's solid limestone. How do you put trees in there? Uh you just we're just happy that there's trees already there so far. Huh. <SEP> Um anything like that is is a uh major undertaking I guess uh. Sprinkler systems or anything uh start to get real expensive because there's an awful lot of work that has to be done chopping through the rock. But uh. And it you know no- not even consider considering a pool or anything like that that's that's practically has to be blasted in I guess. Oh. But uh. And it makes it makes for a a different challenge. I've never. Well I I moved to Dallas about five years ago. Yeah. <SEP> And uh I never really messed with anything uh gardening or anything like that until now. But uh I I keep hearing all the stories of of different parts of town. In fact uh we even we were at the farmers market yesterday and bought a few tomato plants and things like that. Uh-huh. And the first thing the the old guy there at the stand asked is what part of town we lived in because he said uh I've got I've got a dozen different varieties. And each one works in one part of town. And that's it. That's basically what he was trying to tell us. Yeah. Oh yeah. We we tried planting tomatoes last year. And it they they turned out pretty poor. <SEP> Yeah. I just I wi- I just wish I'd known the the variety and everything. Yeah. It. But it it's amazing we also have roses. And I mean they just grow so beautifully. <SEP> Yeah. That wou-. In fact we put in some uh some more roses yesterday. Like what um what type roses? Uh different uh a few different uh hybrid tea type varieties. Oh hybrid teas. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. We we have a few uh of the real short stem. They're kin- they're kind of like the bush roses. Okay. But uh I don't know I think it's I think it only has about five or six more years to go because it's a it's a really old bush. <SEP> Yeah. And but I I I'm amazed because the sun is so intense. And the roses just seem to survive just fine there. Yeah. That's we that's what we're searching uh. We've got we've got all the different lake editions around the house. And we're we're kind of experimenting right now. Uh-huh. <SEP> We do we've got the direct sun in front. And the backyard has two great big uh spruce and and an oak tree all about forty to fifty foot tall. So the backyard is just complete dark all day long. Huh. And uh we're we're struggling to find something for those areas. Yeah. Have you have you uh done um done a lot of tree surgeon work on your trees or not? <SEP> No. They're they're in pretty good condition. Yeah. Uh we've been we've been pretty lucky on that. Yeah. Just if you want a lot of you know light for underneath that may be the all right because we had because we have some we have some old fruit trees. <SEP> Uh-huh. We have a plum that's just about ready to go. Uh-huh. So we may just be getting rid of that. But but our peaches they they seem to be doing just fine. But they they really need pruning. <SEP> Yeah. It just seems like they that that even you know pruning once a year is really not enough. But the the way they behave. That's true. That's true. I don't know. But uh but uh what kind of uh what kind of what kind of grass are you growing? <SEP> It's uh bermuda. Bermuda. Yeah. Yeah. Oh I've I've been trying uh uh a mixture of uh the bermuda and the rye. <SEP> Okay. But I may be working like a fescue in because of you know the type of weather. It seems that uh bermuda's bermuda's fine. But um it looks like it would hold the soil. But it really doesn't. Right. A lot of a lot silt that comes in it just doesn't seem to hold it very well. <SEP> Yeah. But uh but the rye does really well. Especially during the wintertime. Okay. But uh but boy once it gets over seventy seventy-five degrees that it just dries up shrivels up and dies. <SEP> Uh-huh. But anyway. Yeah. It's uh. There's such a there's such a difference through the year. Uh. Yeah. <SEP> My my parents-in-law they're they're building a house into the side of a hill um. Well it's already been built and everything. Uh-huh. They've been living there for about three months now. But uh this is out in west Texas. <SEP> Uh-huh. But the the wind there has been so bad that I mean they've tried to plant grass. And they just have some problems big time problems. That's it. They just so they just washing uh watching their lawn just blow away. <SEP> Yeah. But it's it's quite an undertaking. They have about two or three acres of land on lake front property on a on the side of a hill. <SEP> Oh wow. It's beautiful. I mean you can see the house from you know miles away. Uh-huh. But it's you know it's a pretty neat little job. But they save a lot of they save a lot of energy. <SEP> Yeah. But just uh you know for them I mean they they're going to have to start gardening. It's going to be from the ground up. Yeah. The whole way. <SEP> Yeah. And they said well we just plan on spending the rest of our lives just getting this property developed. It's amazing. I mean they have have the all they have are me- uh mesquite and cottonwoods. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And uh it's it's all on Lake Greenbelt that property out there. <SEP> Okay. And uh I don't know that what they have. They have all the water they want. Uh-huh. They can they can actually they can pump water. I mean they have to get permission. But they can pump water up from the shore. <SEP> Okay. But uh that's for like an additional. They have to pay like some kind of fee per year. Oh okay. But uh they're uh right now though I think they're just they're trying to get the trees planted and everything. <SEP> Sure. But man I I just think of all of the money that they that they're going to have to spend just getting that. But the taxes alone there Lake Greenbelt. And some places they they they really nail them for tax. Uh-huh. And I mean you're talking what just several hundred dollars a year in property taxes. <SEP> Wow. It's it's ridiculous. That really is. It it would. It seem like it be just the opposite when you get. Yeah. No. No. It's not it's. Because even though it's far out there it's just that Lake Greenbelt you know they have to they they try to do it just from the selling the water. <SEP> Uh-huh. But um the water usage you know they try to limit even though there's three or four streams that flow into it people still use it enough in like in towns like Clarendon and other areas that where they irrigate. Uh-huh. They they they still haven't gotten used to the dry land farming. But the ir- irrigation because it's gotten so bad the past few years. <SEP> Yeah. That's true that. But I don't know. I just came back from there. And just the air is so dry. I don't see how anything can survive out there for long periods of time. Should say. My father-in-law says the mesquite trees are they're they're pretty smart. They're smart. They're about the smartest tree around. They don't they don't even start growing until May May or April like after it's been raining for a few months. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. That's true. They say the roots have developed. So that's all they work on. Just a leafy. They don't do anything. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. That's something I've been uh been looking around and noticed all the flowering trees and stuff are at this time of the year. Uh-huh. And you know we're trying to decide what what to what to put on one side of the house and things like that. But there's so many things that they they last for just a couple of weeks. And then it then it's just a a bush there from then on. It's kind of it's kind of disappointing. I I don't know. My my wife and I we planted on the on the south side of our of our house we planted some gardenias. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they did real fine during the summertime. It's just. But during the fall when it stopped when uh the rain let off just a little bit it I mean it just dried up. Yeah. And uh so I guess it these plants they just they don't. It's like they remain.
sw3476.txt:For N I S T the National Institute of Standards and Technology. Oh okay. So it's right up your alley then. I suppose so. Let me push the button. <SEP> All right. Okay uh. I guess I'm supposed to be all for switching to the metric system. But uh I sense that it's not going to happen anytime soon. Yeah. I don't think it's going to happen either. But I wish it were. Because I'm a I got my bachelor's in mechanical engineering. Uh-huh. <SEP> I'm at grad school now in acoustics. And all we do is metric stuff. You're now in what? Acoustics. Acoustics uh. <SEP> Yeah. So everything's metric. And then you go to read some order book or something. And it's all confusing. So I don't understand as much. So I think we should get one adopted permanently. Well I guess that is the policy. But it's been the policy for a long time. And nothing ever happens. Uh I suppose things some things well happen slowly simply by having it taught in the schools more to the extent that that's happening having a new generation come up that's more used to it. Yeah. A lot of industry out there is doing metric stuff because they have to. They have to for international trade. <SEP> Yeah. But I g- guess it's it's easier to switch back and forth than it used to be uh be- be- because of of uh of computers coming into everything. Uh-huh. Yeah. I don't think switching back and forth is that big a deal. I think people need to understand more like what a meter is instead of how many feet in a meter or something. Just get used to using all the terms. Because someone says a kilogram. No one knows what that is. Everyone wants a wants a conversion of that before kind of recognizing it as a as as as as a concept to hold in mind. <SEP> Yeah. Uh I I I don't see that it it it can change it very quickly. I mean we're not the kind of society that that uh that something can be posed upon uh by government will. Yeah. No one seems to be adopting it. Metric system no one's very uh no one wants it at all seems like. Uh the the the public is just very conservative that way in refusing to change measurement systems uh money dollar coins anything like that. <SEP> Yeah. And and and it it obviously makes no sense that we're practically alone in the world in in using the old system. Yeah. I it's pretty tough when you get everything confused though. I think two systems is worse than one though. Because I know we do a lot of problems and things. And they're half english and half metric. And you you make more mistakes doing all the conversions than you would doing the problems. Just get one. I prefer metric. But even if it's english they should just have one. Well I mean unfortunate- I think people like you are relatively rare who are coming up against this problem every day. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Your your average guy jogging down the highway wants to know how many miles it is to his destination. Uh I mean there are things you could do. Uh we have signs up on the N I S T campus here speed limit twenty-five miles per hour forty kilometers per hour. Yeah. Uh but that hasn't been adopted very widely. <SEP> Yeah. They have some of those in Ohio. There's this one sign's kind of funny. It says uh metric signs next hundred miles. But I mean and no one will will go a step further to remove the english signs. <SEP> Yeah. That would force everybody to use it. Or to quit selling tape measures in inches. Uh yeah. Or you have highway signs saying speed limit uh eighty eighty-five whatever would be the appropriate number. Yeah. I guess a hundred is sixty-two. Hundred car is going sixty-two. Yeah. So it would be more like uh like ninety I guess. Car is going fifty-five. Uh you suddenly have a have a even worse problem with speeding than we do now. <SEP> Yeah. You have a bunch of people trying to do ninety. Do do do you know where you are. Do the schools emphasize the metric system? Yeah. In the engineering they all do pretty much. No. I I I meant I meant down like in the elementary schools. <SEP> Oh in the elementary schools. I don't know. I wouldn't think so. I remember a ways back we did like conversions. I mean I think. But we never actually went out and measured anything or did anything on one system. Yeah. I mean I think my children learned the metric system. But it doesn't get get emphasized over the other. <SEP> Yeah. They learn how many centimeters are in an inch. And that's about it.
sw2334.txt:All right. Well like I told you before. And you're talking about credit cards. Uh-huh. <SEP> We put ours up. I mean I had a delightful evening one night cutting a bunch of those suckers up. Um I wish I had. Well you should try it. Well I. It was done for me after a while. I had a uh I had a business going. And this was back in the eighties. I don't know if you remember the gold and silver prices and all that. But uh I had a coin shop. And everything was going great while gold and silver was up. And it started falling. <SEP> Yeah. So I started paying expenses and stuff on my credit cards. And things got worse and worse. And finally boom. You lost your business? Yep. <SEP> Oh gol. What a nightmare. Yeah. It was. I ended up going into bank- you know. It was one of those things uh. Oh it'll get better next week you know. Things will pick up. And so there I was in old bankruptcy court. Well you weren't charging gold and silver were you? You can't do that can you? Oh yeah. <SEP> Oh you can? Oh yeah. Yeah. I was buying from other dealers. And uh you know they take payment any way they can get it. Oh that's a nightmare. Yeah. Course on on stuff that I was on merchandise that I was buying on cards it was I was getting the money back. Because I was selling it. I wasn't buying you know just to hold onto it. Uh but it was things like you know rent and phone bills and advertising and all that other good stuff that ate them all up. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. Well I remember before I got married. You know when you graduate from college they'll send you all those credit card applications you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Of course you fill them all out because you're honored. Sure. <SEP> And uh I had stuff for like Sanger Harris. And you know it got up like to couple of hundred dollars. And I thought Well that's okay cause all they wanted was ten dollars a month. Uh-huh. Right. Yeah. <SEP> I wasn't thinking a thing about it. That's the way they suck you in. Yeah. I was just stupid. And every time they had a sale there I was. Uh-huh. <SEP> Because you know got get such good bargains. Uh-huh. And I don't know. Well just today in the mail I got uh I got got my guaranteed acceptance by uh American Express. <SEP> Oh yeah. We've been getting those. Yeah. I went back to school and got my Master's. And they started sending those things to me again. Yeah. As soon as you're a graduate student they get your name. <SEP> Yeah. They did. And uh course I guess I guess I've been purged from their records. I used to have an American Express. Uh back when I had my business I got one. Uh-huh. And they they goofed up bad on my fir- on my very first bill. Because I was using the American Express strictly for the travel expenses. <SEP> Yeah. And the bill would come in. And I'd pay it. And the very first bill I paid it. And then I got this nasty letter from them saying You're overdue pay. So I said Well it just crossed in the mail. So I didn't do anything about it. Two weeks later I get another letter even nastier. And said We're going to turn this over to our attorneys if you don't pay. And I looked at that. And I said Uh-huh. So by this time my checks had come back from the bank. So I made a copy of the check that they had cashed attached it to their letter and sent them a nasty letter with the card cut in little bitty pieces saying Thanks but no thanks. Um. <SEP> Turned out they weren't cheeky. Yeah. They were I tell you. They don't talk about they're charging that enormous fee every year. So what is it now? It's up to fifty-five on the gold card. It's eighty-five for the Optima. Or I'm sorry no. Fif-. No. Fif-. <SEP> What do you mean fifty-five? You mean fifty-five dollars? Yeah. For the green card. But then what's the interest? Well now that's the card see. <SEP> And interest is like eighteen or something. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's um. Well of course on the green card you have to pay it when the bill comes in so there isn't any. But on the Optima card it's. Um let's see right now it's running at about. It's not too bad. It's actually it's about sixteen and a half percent which is pretty good as far as credit cards go. Yeah. Well credit cards. Well they're dangerous. <SEP> You know my parents don't hardly use them. Huh-uh. Mine don't either. Mine don't either. They uh. My mom has a uh has a MasterCard and a Visa card. And that's it. I've got all my gas cards because I don't want to carry money around. Yeah. <SEP> I'll do that. Yeah. Now I I do use gas cards. Now Impact is kind of bad too though. Yeah. <SEP> You know. Especially if you get forget to record those little suckers. Yeah. Exactly. Plastic is just too easy. I mean that's the that's the whole problem with it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um. Well and you're tempted if you've got cash a little bit of cash and you don't have enough for the purchase right. Yeah. <SEP> Of course you got to charge it and keep your cash. Sure. Naturally. That's. I got into all kinds of trouble doing that. What are you saying? Oh my husband says I might buy it. But I I don't really usually consider that an option. <SEP> Well Having having been out of the credit game for some years now I've gotten used to either paying in cash or not getting it. Maybe that's how we got in trouble. And uh. <SEP> Yeah. But it's hard isn't it? Well it is. But I I I'm kind of uh grateful for the experience because it's taught me a lot of restraint. Well it makes you feel good when you whip out the cash instead of your plastic. Yeah. Exactly. I I uh I just went out and got a new V C R yesterday with cash. <SEP> With cash? And it it's. Do you work with T I? No. No. I wish I did. <SEP> Yeah. You could have got a discount couldn't you? Yeah. I could use a discount. I have to wait for things to go on sale. <SEP> But there's always a sale. Yeah. Especially on electronic goods. Yeah. Especially now. <SEP> What is that thing I saw. Circuit Circuit World or something. Circuit City. Circuit City. Have you been in there? Yeah. They they're not their prices aren't that terrific. They they used to be. But they've gotten they've got to pay for all that national advertising now. <SEP> Oh it's national? Uh-huh. I think I've seen two around Dallas. Yeah. They're they're all over the country now. <SEP> Well what else. They they used to be good. I remember when they first opened up. They did have good bargains. I don't know if you have a place there called uh. Or you probably have something similar. We call it Service Merchandise. Yeah. In Garland. You got Service Merchandise. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. It used to be Service Merchandise was the place to go. And uh Circuit City came along. And that was the place to go to get your T V -s and washer and dryers and refrigerators and all that. And then after the years went by they just sort of kept creeping up on price. And actually Service Merchandise is cheaper than them now. So. So. So much for Circuit City. <SEP> So. Okay. What else can we talk about? Who do you work for? I don't. I'm a graduate student. I'm a professional student. Sounds wonderful. It is. <SEP> We were talking about that just today. It's great. We could be just lifelong students. It is great. I love it. <SEP> Where are you going to school? N C State. What's that? Uh North Carolina State. <SEP> So you're on Spring Break? Not yet. Ours don't ours doesn't start until uh next week. So where are you? Where am I? <SEP> Yeah. What do you mean where? Oh. In Raleigh. Oh okay. Little. The burgeoning metropolis of Raleigh. What a dead place. <SEP> Is it? Yeah. I've got a nice little business at home. And I sit around and tinker with that most of the time. So what are you getting your degree in? Um uh human factors. <SEP> And what do you do with it? Not a thing. Well what is it? It's it's really looking at systems and design systems and seeing how people interact with them. <SEP> So it's sociology. It's well it's more psychology and engineering. Uh. My my master's is in industrial engineering. So you're working on your doctorate? Yeah. <SEP> Oh lord. P H D in human factors. Oh that will that will sound wonderful won't it? Well. <SEP> Get you a little plaque. Oh yeah. I B M uh. I mean uh a lot of people use human factors. Folks. But I B M is what I'm looking at right now. Aren't aren't they laying off several thousand people? They might be. But not at not at the human factors level. They they're. <SEP> Well I heard it on the news today. I could swear it was I B M. No. As a matter of fact the I B M right here or in Carey which is a little suburb of Raleigh just just hired one more human factors person. Um. Doggone it. If they'd just waited a little bit longer it could have been. Me. I'm I'm I'm going into thes- or going into the uh dissertation this summer. <SEP> How much longer do you have? And get that done this summer? Uh I'm going to start this summer. I probably won't finish it until the end of the year. <SEP> Ooh. But uh I'm I'm trying to get a uh intern position with I B M right now so that I can find an area to do my dissertation in. Because you. It's hard finding an area to do a dissertation in this field. <SEP> Why? There has been so much work done already? Yeah. That's. That and and it's it's limited application in some respects. Um conside- in the area that we're in here there's a lot of places that use human factors people. Most.
sw2546.txt:I guess I don- don't really have a problem with capital punishment. I'm not really sure what the exact uh specifications are for Texas. I know that they uh have capital punishment for certain crimes. And that's probably the way I feel about it is is uh it kind of depends on the crime that's committed. My belief all my life I guess has been that that if you take someone else's life then you automatically are giving up uh yours in place of it. But I don't. Seems to be a lot of controversy about that. Yeah. <SEP> Uh uh I tend to agree with you uh you know. Probably pretty similar views on it. But that's that's one of the things I don't don't understand is is so much of the controversy. Because uh you know I I do also myself believe in capital punishment uh. Uh you know it it really irks me to see so much effort put into preventing someone being put to death by the State when they so callously and usually so you know without even thinking or without any concern uh you know end somebody else's life and in a lot of cases several people's lives. That's true. I guess well there's there's probably two or three different types of of views as far as the controversy goes. I can see where if a life was taken by accident or uh I don't know what you'd call it not premeditated or I guess primarily by accident uh there may be cases where the death penalty is not called for. But I lean towards if it's premeditated or if it's uh kind of a habitual or or a habit that uh a tendency that people uh may get into then I guess I don't really have a problem with it. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. That's that's kind of the way I feel. If if you've got a guy who's who's been to trial and has been in and out of jail you know basically a a three time loser for the twelfth time you know and he goes out and kills somebody he's not going to be reformed. He's not going to get any better you know. It's it's not going to it's just not going to get any better. And and the only thing you know. A lot of people have the opinion that you know don't don't have capital punishment. But give them life in jail. And you know I could go along with that if if I could be assured that it would be their natural life in jail and not parole after ten or twelve years. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what aggravates a lot of people is somebody does get a life sentence in place of the death penalty. And they wind up back on the streets after five years or six years or like the kid on the news tonight out in Mesquite who was out in six months. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. It's it's just our criminal system is just so I guess overloaded. But the you know the the problem is not so much with the prison system you know. I mean because the the cops are out there doing their job enforcing the laws. And the prison system are just you know. They're trying to cope with them. But you know the thing about capital punishment i- I you know. A lot of people don't think it would be a deterrent uh to to future crime. And the way it is now it's not. No. Because you know you. If like. The State of Texas for example may uh you know may execute somebody twice a year. You know that's that's no kind of deterrent because we we've got literally hundreds of people on death row and and many of them who have been there for literally for ten or fifteen years on death row. Right. <SEP> And that's that's certainly no kind of deterrent. And I would tend to agree with anybody who says right now that it it's not a terrent a deterrent because it's not. No. It's not. You think of your chances of getting the death penalty after cre- uh committing a crime are really pretty slim right now. And you can probably spend uh a lot of time uh or maybe eventually uh just waiting it out. Oh yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that's where a lot of aggravation comes I think is is uh these guys spend so much time in the appeal process or just in the waiting process. Uh-huh. They may spend years. And you know the last I heard it was costing ten twenty thirty thousand dollars a year uh to keep these guys waiting. <SEP> Yeah. It it's amazing. There's uh there's a girl I work with our secretary as a matter of fact. Her her father was murdered her father and three other guys up here in Sherman. And the uh the guy that they tried and convicted and sentenced him to death you know he's been on death row for like eight years. Yeah. <SEP> And you know this this was her father uh you know that that got killed you know just cold-blooded murder him and three other people. And but still for some reason you know this this guy's sentence has not been carried out you know. He's sitting on death row for eight years after having killed four people. And the State still can't bring itself to to ex- execute this guy. To yeah to carry it out. It sort of takes the justice out of the justice system. <SEP> It does. It really does you know. She and they have to go back uh. Occasionally you know she has to write letters to the parole board and you know lawyers. And just just ever so often she mentions well she's got to do something else you know write another letter or do something. Yeah. It's just. It should be over and done with. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. You know she should be getting on with her life you know getting getting that part behind her. But yet it's it's kind of tied to her the way it is now. Yeah. It is. And she winds up being a a victim day after day after day. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Right. A victim. Not only of indirectly of the crime but also indirectly by that indirect involvement. Right. It's just it's it's ridiculous. She She's an emotional victim. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It it's terrible you know. And. And you know the like you say the cops that are out doing the work day by day have got to have a lot of frustration when they see all their work basically go out the window. <SEP> Yeah. Oh that. <SEP> Oh man I I couldn't be a cop for that for that very reason you know because they do. The the criminal gets right back out. And you know the cop's just got to go back and and do his thing all over again because so many of the crimes are are done by repeat offenders. Yes. They are. It's. Well that's about five minutes. So unless you've got something else well. <SEP> Yeah. No. It's a pleasure talking with you. <SEP> All right. Ron we'll see you later. Okeydoke. Good-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2455.txt:Well I wondered if I was going to get to talk to a male or a female on this type. Have you been talking to males? Yeah. Yeah. This is this is probably more interesting if it had been a male and a female. I was afraid we might get into an argument. <SEP> Right. Well uh I guess uh there have been certainly a lot of changes in the last couple of generations for uh the roles of women. Uh-huh. And uh I guess the most significant probably is that so many are working now And trying to juggle job and home and family and all sorts of other possibilities you know. <SEP> Right. They may be going to school or may have elderly parents or you know all sorts of other things. Yeah. It it seems too me like though that women's roles are changing faster than the men and therefore the women are spreading themselves thinner than before. Oh I think so. <SEP> Absolutely. I I I think it's extremely difficult to keep up with all that we have to these days. Uh-huh. Sometimes I think I am going crazy trying to do it. But. <SEP> Do you work outside the home? Yes. Do you have children? Uh yes. They are getting older now. <SEP> Uh-huh. So they are not quite as much of a responsibility. But they are still there you know. Oh sure. They still take time. And and I you know I still provide most of the things that go on around the house. <SEP> Right. So uh yeah. And for a while I was going to school too. And tha- it was tough. Yeah. I uh I think that while it's a good change for I think women to be able to fulfill their potential in whatever they feel you know their expertise may be. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh I think sometimes other things suffer and tha-. I think it's hard to find a balance there. But in some ways I think we are expected to do it all. You're almost looked down upon if you don't try to do all of these things. And that's where the problem is really. <SEP> Right. Yeah. Yeah. I have little children four and one. And I decided that it was very important to me to stay home. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh and when I I I happen to you know be. I'm very active with uh people other people with children my age. And most of us do tend to stay home. But when I run into people that you know just have recently had babies or have very young children and are working full time I there's almost a uh friction between us. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Not people that are you know necessarily good friends Even though that has happened too uh. Yeah. <SEP> It's almost as though it puts you on different sides of a fence. You know w-. If you decide to go back to work then you feel like you are always having to defend yourself. Right. And if you don't then sometimes you feel like you're looked down upon by people that go back to work and so you're just wasting your time at home. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. It's a tough one. I mean I've done some of both. Uh-huh. I when my kids were real little I was at home for a couple of different periods of time. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh I think the longest was less than a year. But still at least I was able to to spend you know those first months with them. Right. But uh I mostly went back to work because I was tired of doing without things. <SEP> Yeah. You know the money was the issue. But uh even now I would I would like to not have to work in some ways. <SEP> Right. It it's kind of pull and tug. Yeah. On the other hand I can't imagine just being at home uh although I have a lot of interests and a lot of things I would like to pursue. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh still uh there's there's sort of a feeling of accomplishment with having you know a job and all that goes with that. No. That that's definitely true. In fact I I work out of my home. Um I'm an accountant. Oh. <SEP> And I do taxes and bookkeeping. And I uh. It was. It's a way for me to stay home. Uh-huh. And I mean I still unfortunately have to be very disciplined in doing my work at five in the morning and ten o'clock at night. Yeah. <SEP> But uh but it it's worked out for for my family to have my cake and eat it too kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good deal. Where do you think this is going in the future. I mean do you think things are going to change. Or are we going to keep having to try to juggle all of this? <SEP> Well I I hope that they will change uh. But but I'm. I just. I know it's going to be a slow change. Uh I I feel as though a lot of people are going back to just having a one wage earner. I mean I'm just thinking of my circle of people that I know. I know quite a few people who have decided to not have both both both uh couples you know both uh of the parents work. Yeah. And yet uh I I we-. I hope to see employer based you know helping out. You know child uh care centers at the place of employment and and things like that that will help out. Uh-huh. <SEP> What do you think. Do you think we are setting a trend? I don't. Yeah. I well I see I think some people wanting to stay home more and take care of the children. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh and even those who may not do it seem to be spending more time with their kids and really trying harder at making all of the the family things work. Right. Uh but I don't know if they're going to ever give up their careers you know. It's sort of like they went to school and they worked so hard to get where they are. I don't know if they want to completely give that up. <SEP> Right. It's a very personal thing. But it would be nice if there could be an in-between a middle ground somewhere. Yeah. I think it's hard though when you talk about about families and and raising children. Because ch- I think children have a hard time understanding a middle ground. I think they uh they need security. And yet they. I don't know. I. From speaking from my children the- they aren't real flexible when it comes to things like that. Yeah. <SEP> They uh they want to know things are going to be a certain way. Well yeah. I think they they like a routine of sorts. Uh-huh. Right. Well we will see. I I'm hoping to see more female leadership in our society. Well yes. I I like the fact that you know gradually you're beginning to see women in public office and executive positions. But it's still a long way from being what it ought to be. <SEP> Oh yes. The the numbers are still very skewed to say the least. Yeah. Okay. Well I enjoyed talking to you. Okay. You too Ellen. All right. Good-bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.
sw2253.txt:Yeah. The question was uh what kind of books do you read for entertainment uh uh I guess. Oh I just read for escape. Okay. <SEP> Well I mean it's. With two little kids I can understand that. Yes. It's that's simple. I read to escape. And I don't read any PARENTS magazines either. Oh. <SEP> So. What uh what kind of. Well I just finished just I just finished one last night. A great book. It it's very a typical for my reading though but a great book one called THE THINGS THEY CARRIED by Tim O'Brien. Huh. <SEP> And it's uh. God. I don't know if I would call it a collection of Vietnam war stories or if I'd call it a collection of Vietnam love stories. Oh. Strange book. Beautifully written. Uh-huh. <SEP> Just beautifully written. By uh somebody who was there. Or. Yeah. A guy who was there as a uh foot soldier. Uh-huh. <SEP> So he considered himself to be you know a a true Vietnam soldier. Yeah. Well any of the guys that were ground. Yes. Yeah. I can imagine. Yeah. So what's the latest one you've read? Well I tell you what. I'm a kind of uh a history nut. I'm trying to think back now. I read an awful lot of uh periodicals and uh you know almost what you call reference books. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh the last uh I'm embarrassed to say the last you know honest to gosh cover to cover book that I read I can not right offhand I tried to read uh one of the the Michener uh LONE STAR or the the TEXAS HISTORY BOOK. I have never been able to make it through any of Michener's work. Oh well I've had similar problems. It does tend to to. <SEP> Have you are you a Civil War buff at all? Yeah as a matter of fact. Yeah. Because I finished one. I think this is like two years ago. And somebody had given me one of these dinky do crappy women's novels set in the Civil War John Jakes with. Yeah. <SEP> And the novel didn't do that much for me. But boy the period of time was fascinating. Uh-huh. So I then read was it BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM. Uh-huh. <SEP> Or. Yeah. I think it was BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM. BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM. It's kind of like a historical compendium of the Civil War. Yeah. <SEP> And it's not a story of the Civil War. It's a story of all the politics and uh lobbying and just basically state by state events that lead to the events that brought about the Civil War. Uh-huh. And it's fascinating because I had always you know been raised on this you know Emancipation Proclamation with the Civil War. Uh-huh. There was a lot more to it than that weren't there? <SEP> There was a lot more to it than that. As a matter of fact that was a very minor part that kind of become like an afterthought. Yeah. Well it was a political move. Oh yeah. It was made to placate some of the northern support but not completely alienate all the southern support because you know it was uh if you read it it only emancipated those who were in areas uh in rebellion against the United States. All the other areas which would I think at that time would have included West Virginia and oh may have been Kentucky a few states you know that were not part of the South but still had slaves. <SEP> Uh-huh. They didn't emancipate them. Well you know what else really surprised me now. I'm married to a native Texan. And I'm not. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh. I've got the same problem. Yeah. I'm glad you put it that way. <SEP> And I have two native Texan children too. Yeah. My husband is always you know talked about th- Texas being a uh rebel state. Uh-huh. <SEP> And oh my God all this Civil War pride. I kept waiting for. Where's some reference to this goddamn State of Texas and the role that they played either leading up to or in the Civil War. Mayb-. Isn't much there was there? They might as well have not even been there. Right. <SEP> You know they weren't a state. And the only the only way that they had any part in it was after worth as to you know who's going to be going there. And I keep telling my husband that. And he keeps saying oh no. I thought okay. They supplied some uh you know. They were some groups of it the Vicksburg. If you ever get a chance to go over to Vicksburg the battleground at Vicksburg uh there's an area there where there was uh some Texas uh groups. And they had an interesting time there. Oh I'll bet they did. And down there at Sabine Pass uh I can't think of the guy's name. But he held off uh you know just he and a handful of guys managed to hold off the whole Union navy for a while from coming up the Sabine River which was of no consequence but still is an interesting story. <SEP> Well you know why they actually held them off? None of the Yankees wanted to listen to their kind of luted grammar. That could be it could be it. Now you didn't hear me say that. Outside of uh. And then the last Civil War battle was fought at Val Verde you know. Over there on the Texas border you had a lot of of groups heading for Mexico. And they were cut off at the pass more or less at Eagle Pass. And they didn't get across the river there. So they're the last. And that was actually after the war was over. But it was the last organized battle between the two units was in Texas. <SEP> Yeah. So. Oh. Yeah. Texas participation in the Civil War was uh minor at uh. It's been. <SEP> Boy. Don't tell that to a native Texan though. Yeah. I mean my god they fought and won the whole thing. Yeah. Well my wife's from Galveston. So. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. Well I'm from New Mexico. So you know I was. That's a beautiful state. That's a beautiful state. See I was raised in the Midwest which you know hell we didn't even you know we didn't even know where the Mason Dixon Line was. Uh-huh. <SEP> And besides you know if corn didn't grow there it didn't matter. Huh. It sounds like Iowa or something. <SEP> Iowa and Nebraska. Uh-huh. Yep. And then I had probably lived the last eleven years in Massachusetts. So you know. What does that make me an honorary Yankee. Uh-huh. <SEP> Or God knows what. Yeah. On. Yeah. Oh well my sister's living in Illinois right now. So. <SEP> Well then she's going to come out well rounded. Yeah. But outside of those kind of things you know the other thing that I've really gotten into reading. And I think this is because the kids are getting to me is science fiction. Uh-huh. <SEP> I've always kind of enjoyed it. I I used to read a lot more than I do now. Well I've gone to the point where my husband my husband travels I get out like you know two or three books. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I I'm trying to think of oh Isaac Asimov ROBOT series. Yeah. I mean I think I've read all four of them. And I understand that there's a fifth. Uh-huh. <SEP> In the last six weeks he's been on the road a lot. I just turned around and looked at my brief at my briefcase my uh bookcase up here. And I see ARMAGEDDON up there. And uh the SHADOW OF BLOOMING GROVE and TWO THOUSAND AND TEN and GRANT TAKES COMMAND and THE WAR IN THE YEAR oh SPACE that was the one I was trying to wade through was SPACE James Michener. Didn't get very far on that. You know I think I read HAWAII when I was about ten years old. Yeah. <SEP> Or so. Yeah. Which is about the developmental level that you know you need to be at to read those things. And I still even then I was so so disgusted with it I I tried to read I don't remember which other one it was. Whatever one it was it was such a blockbuster seller. Yeah. <SEP> And I just I got about like a hundred pages through it and realized I had like a thousand more. I thought I can't do this. Yeah. It really. The the books are kind of uh imposing to say the least. Yeah. No. Let's see. Here's one called GHOST TOWNS AND MINING CAMPS OF NEW MEXICO. Now not too many people have read that one. I don't think. <SEP> No. And there's THE HISTORY OF YOAKUM COUNTY TEXAS there. I've got uh. <SEP> Is that a big thick book? Yeah. And I've got yeah and I've got a HISTORY OF KINGSLEY IOWA. What the what the hell for? Why Kingsley Iowa? Well because that's where my folks all came from. <SEP> Oh okay. And they had a centennial here awhile back. I read the GRANT TAKES COMMAND. That was pretty good. Well. That was part of that trilogy that uh Bruce Canton did. <SEP> Now that's one that That's one. I don't know. See I had never really been into science fiction that much until uh somebody gave me MIST OF AVALON probably about five or six years ago. Yeah. <SEP> I don't know if I'd call it science fiction or fantasy. Sometimes it's awful hard. Some of those get very philosophical. They can be in any setting. They just happen to put them in a futuristic setting you know. The. Well I loved that novel. And then somebody said oh God this would have been even long ago because I was in Boston. And it was raining all night. And I had a hole in my roof. And I was waiting for the whole house to collapse and uh I was reading DUNE. Which seeming rather ironic. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. <SEP> And I read the whole damn book while I was home hauling out you know like ten-gallon buckets of of water and waiting for the roof to collapse and reading about these guys wearing their little free man still suits. Uh-huh. You're reading DUNE. And I think that's probably my favorite of of any piece of science fiction that I've ever read. <SEP> That was a movie too wasn't it? And the movie was awful. Was it? <SEP> Oh yes. It was just terrible. Yeah. I'd I didn't see it. But uh. Yeah. It was it was beyond uh. Patrick Stewart was in that. I guess the guy that's on the new STAR TREK series was in that thing uh. <SEP> I don't know. I just remember Sting was in it. Oh really? Yeah. And if you were trying to follow any type of uh plot it it total-. Even having read the book and I've read that book probably three times watching that movie I couldn't figure out what they were talking about at all. Uh-huh. <SEP> Couldn't. <SEP> Yeah. I was real disappointed in that. Well I'll tell you another good book. Do you like scary things? Um well some history books are pretty scary. <SEP> Have you. But. Yeah. That's true. Have you read THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS? No. Somebody who saw the movie here the other day told me it was the most terrifying thing they'd ever seen. <SEP> Oh. They didn't sleep all night. Well see I I am debating whether or not I want to go see the movie after having read the book. Yeah. <SEP> I mean the book is is chilling. Yeah. I have. Just chilling. No uh. I don't have the foggiest notion what it's about. So. <SEP> Then I won't tell you. Okay. Yeah. But. It's just that if you're ever ever really want to just be scared out of your wits. Uh-huh. That's the one. <SEP> That's the one. Yes. Even better than JAWS and some of that? Yes. Because the cat- the the character that is so horrible is another human being. And you're just drawn into his his horror of him that you begin to kind of like him. <SEP> Yeah. Oh. <SEP> I mean. A a Freddy Kruger type huh? No. No. This guy's smart. And he's suave. And he's all the charac- all the characteristics. Oh the worst kind. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. All the characteristics.
sw2835.txt:It seems to me that one of the biggest differences is the computer revolution. Yeah. And I can very clearly remember ten years ago I was just beginning to explore computerizing my office and and trying to find out what kinds of computers might be useful. And we did end up with uh I B M P C -s which I now would not have chosen. <SEP> Really? But that was before the Macintosh. Yeah. And twenty years ago I was uh in graduate school pecking out a dissertation on a manual typewriter. <SEP> Oh I know it. So I would say that's one of the largest changes in at least in my life. Yeah. I I've seen that just in the last uh even five years how much they've in- uh increased in use. Or probably eight years. When I was a freshman in college uh my degree was in computer uh technology originally. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it seemed like it would. They were just getting out with the you know the disks and all that getting away with the cards you know doing away with the the programming cards. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> And uh. Yeah. Thirty years ago I I had a college job uh working as a programmer. And we had to write code in binary. And uh have it punched in on those little cardboard cards which I don't think exists anymore. I know. <SEP> No. You never see one of those punch cards anymore. Uh I think T V has a lot to do with the changes too. Don't you? In like people's attitudes. Well very possibly. Uh I'm not sure in the last ten years it's been very different from before. Uh certainly in the last thirty I would say there have been significant changes. Even even the change from black and white to color television. <SEP> Yeah. Thirty years ago I guess there were color T V -s. But I sure didn't have access to one. Oh. And uh but twenty years ago practically everybody had a color T V. And now I think they're as almost as many well. There are more T V -s than households. So it's close to getting uh one T V per person they say. <SEP> Yeah. And now everybody uh has V C R -s and two or three V C R -s and that kind of thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Certainly ten years ago uh V C R -s were just coming on the market. So that's made a significant difference in the way I watch television for instance. Because uh now I almost never watch a T V program when it's on. Yeah. I know. I tape it and then watch it when it's convenient. And that way I don't have to worry about being interrupted. I can just put it on pause. <SEP> Yeah. And you can you can flip through the commercials. So you don't have to watch the commercials. Right. That's always h- convenient. Uh-huh. Yes. You can watch a program in forty-five minutes instead of an hour. You skip the commercials. <SEP> Uh-huh. So what was our question about decline in socio-. Wasn't the decline so much. I think they just said the changes in uh social social changes in the United States. Yeah. How was life different ten twenty or thirty years ago. So. <SEP> Well I can't really remember back that far. But ten years ago uh I don't know. I'd say like in the nineteen seventies you remember how kids would walk around with A M what do you call those little A M radios. Yes. And now people have jam box with C D players in them you know. And hand held T V -s and car phones. Yes. That's certainly a difference. <SEP> Yeah. That's another one. Yeah. Car phones is a good point and uh cellular phones of all types and beepers. Uh ten years ago I was working in a job at a medical center. <SEP> Yeah. And I had to carry a beeper around. And they were kind of bulky. And all they did was just uh make a beep noise. And then you had to go find a telephone and call in to find out what they wanted you for and who you were supposed to call. Uh-huh. These days they have these tiny little things that are only about the size of two or three pencils. And they fit in your shirt pocket. And they have a little display screen that shows you a message and either tells you a person or a a phone number to respond to. And. <SEP> Those are cool. Yeah. Those are pretty neat. And they have the kind that just vibrates so you can shut them off in a theatre or something. Yeah. And you can still get your messages. <SEP> Yeah. But let's see social changes uh uh. Where do you think it's where do you think it's going to go in twenty years? I haven't the slightest idea. I was just thinking though about a a huge social change in the last ten years is AIDS. <SEP> Yeah. It was just beginning to be recognized and noticed ten years ago. I I know that because I was writing a paper about it. Uh-huh. I was writing a a journal article. Uh and they still didn't even know what caused it or anything. And uh there was a suspicion that it was a virus. <SEP> Wow. But nobody had identified it. And they were really just going on epidemiological uh uh guesswork uh because the way it was transmitted made it look an awful lot like uh hepatitis. Uh-huh. And then from from the spread pattern of hepatitis they could work backwards to the transmission by uh blood and semen. <SEP> Yeah. And then I. I'm curious what was your uh graduate study in? Well I I was in English as a matter of fact and medieval studies. <SEP> Oh wow. Uh-huh. Uh but I went to work as an editor and writer. So uh uh the ten years ago I was working in the medical center uh publishing a journal and writing about medical topics. <SEP> Yeah. And let's see twenty years ago I guess we're were just beginning to get into what they were calling the uh the sex revolution where uh after the pill. Yeah. And uh uh freed people up from worries about uh illegitimate pregnancy. And I guess in the seventies is the the time when that was supposed to have exploded. Thirty years ago there was no pill. <SEP> Uh-huh. You think that's caused a lot of pressure on like younger kids today to make choices that they probably shouldn't have to make? Yes. I do. I really do. I have uh four kids in college right now children and stepchildren. <SEP> Yeah. And I know that the expectation for them was uh to have sex and much earlier than the expectation when I was in college. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. In my day we talked quietly behind our hands about people that we suspected might be sleeping with their boyfriends. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. But they certainly didn't expect everybody to. And it was really only uh acceptable if you were engaged and planning to get married in in the relatively near future. Uh-huh. And I certainly know from talking to my stepdaughter that girls in high school were under a whole lot more pressure nowadays. <SEP> Oh yeah. It's kind of scary when I think of what will happen in twenty years you know when I have kids and they're grown and uh just kind of some of the changes that will happen even more. So. And I guess the answer is is stay flexible because nobody can predict what's going to happen in twenty years. Seems like it can't get much worse. <SEP> Yeah. I certainly wouldn't have been able to twenty years ago tell you what uh my kids were likely to be like. Course one of them was just a a a brand new baby twenty years ago. So I sure wouldn't have been able to predict for him. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um. And some of the other ones weren't born. Yeah. So sounds like America's going to become even more communication society with faxes and cellular phones and worldwide communication. Yeah. <SEP> And. Electronic mail. Yeah. I just got on that this past about a year ago. And that's made a difference in the way I do my job because it's so much easier to get hold of people and get quick answers to things. Even when they're on another continent. <SEP> Yeah. It's pretty wild. Yeah. Even you know. That reminds me Federal Express was around ten years ago. But it was used as kind of an extreme emergency. <SEP> Uh-huh. And nowadays people use Fed Ex all the time. Yeah. Sure do. Huh. People do seem to travel more. It's much more common for people even teenagers to be going to Europe and South America and Asia. <SEP> Yeah. Uh I was almost thirty before I got off this continent. Yeah. And uh both my kids had been abroad when they were still in high school. <SEP> Yeah. I know that's what uh what my family was talking when I picked up and moved to Texas from Indiana. And they were like well you know twen- thirty years ago we wouldn't have done that you know. Uh-huh. And uh especially come home every couple months. Yeah. <SEP> You know and.
sw3072.txt:Okay. Okay. Where have you all been on vacation recently? Recently. My most recent trip was last year. And that was Detroit. <SEP> Detroit? Yeah. Is that a nice vacation spot? Well it wasn't really. It was um uh to see an old relative. <SEP> Right. Okay. And it was uh just to uh have some fellowship with her. Right. So you probably wouldn't recommend that as a big tourist spot? No. The only thing that I I visited that you know is quite a tourist spot is Cancun Mexico. <SEP> Ooh that would be nice. And that was real nice. Uh. Did you scuba dive there? No. We just kind of walked the beaches and looked at all the beautiful scenery there. <SEP> Ooh that would be nice. Yeah. And just kind of relaxed and unwound a little bit from our daily routine. Oh that would be enjoyable. <SEP> Right. Yeah. That's a nice break. Huh. I haven't been on vacation in a while either. Um usually when we go we go to Colorado to Estes Park area. Which is up kind of near Denver. And uh stay in the mountains up there do a little hiking and resting get away from the Texas heat that kind of thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yes. Oh that's always refreshing to get away from. <SEP> So it's a lot of fun. I worked up there last summer. So I guess it was kind of like a vacation the whole summer long. Oh well that's nice. Yeah. <SEP> Worked at a camp there. And so I got to spend a lot of time up in the mountains. So that's probably my favorite place when I have to go somewhere on a vacation. Well my uh my middle daughter and her husband have just taken up a new activity. And that's canoeing. Oh. And uh they've been to the Guadalupe River. And they also uh uh have been to uh I guess Colorado. And they've really enjoyed it. <SEP> That's nice. We um we canoed up in Arkansas at the Buffalo River. It's a whole new. Uh-huh. <SEP> And that's the best place that I've ever canoed. Huh. It's really really pretty. I was a little kid then. And we to have uh. We stayed at some park. And they had a little uh mountain man who came down the river every night. And he would give a little talk about mountain things. You know I think he wasn't a real mountain man. But we were pretty convinced he was a full hermit who lived up in the woods that he'd come in his little log boat down the river. Sure. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we would have to we'd. And he'd make sassafras tea out of sassafras roots that he'd found. And That's a good family place to go. Oh that's neat. <SEP> Sure. And then the river was really nice because it wasn't too frightening. But it wasn't you know too easy either. Uh-huh. <SEP> It was like. Well you learn a lot of um skills too. And I think you're more receptive when you're younger than when you're older to learn new skills. That's true. And I think they really it really pen- penetrates in your memory you know what to do because you really have a great interest in it. Because it's something you weren't forced to do. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. So you have kind of a relaxed mode of learning. <SEP> Yeah. And you're more receptive. Well that's good. Well we um let's see. The only other place I've ever vacationed we'd you know go on camping trips up to Texoma and things like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then I went to England a few years ago. Oh that's exciting. I was a student there and spent um a semester studying abroad in London. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that was a great time because it's so that's such a neat place. And it's there's not a language barrier. So you don't. I mean there there's a little bit because there's some of those English words that you just don't exactly know what they mean. And a lot of people have trouble wrestling with their accents. But it's it was really fun. I I I really enjoyed that. I'm probably going back there to work for a year. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I had a friend that uh visited England not well I think it's been probably two years now. But that's her next goal and she can do it is go back to England. Because she really has a great desire to do that. Because the love that she um has for it now after visiting it. It it's really nice. I would I would spend all my time in London or most of my time. Uh-huh. <SEP> And that's it was really different being in a big city. Because I don't get much into urban you know really urban areas a lot. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And it was it's really it's sort of a weird little anonymous feeling where no one knows who you are. And you can spend a whole day without talking to anyone which I thought I would just hate. But it ended up being kind of nice because you're not accountable to anyone. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> You could just kind of kind of walk around and observe. Do your own thing. Yeah. <SEP> I did a lot of just going out by myself and riding on the subway and watching people. Uh-huh. And I had a great time doing that. It was really interesting. That's wonderful. There's a lot out there to see. <SEP> Yeah. I know. I'll say. I keep wanting to get up to. I haven't I haven't been anywhere else outside the United States. I haven't been to Mexico or Canada or. Well I lived across the street almost from Canada. <SEP> Oh. So that was that that's a nice place. Canada is very nice. Yeah. That would be nice. I had a friend from there. Uh-huh. <SEP> Then I I'd love to go somewhere in Asia. But I'd have to have a tour guide with me to help with all the language and all that. Oh yes. Absolutely. Sure. Somebody that knows their way around. <SEP> So yeah. That's why that's why England was nice. Even we traveled in Europe for about a week. And that was even nice because there wasn't uh the. Most the places we went we went to Germany and Switzerland and. Well you've been quite a few places there. Yeah. We have. We. We did we whirlwinded through Europe. Once you think about it huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. It was just insane twelve days where we'd just stop like a city a day. And you slept on the train at night. Oh that's great. <SEP> But there wasn't a. It was strange. It was kind of sad. There wasn't ever a language problem there because everyone in Germany knew English. And everyone in Switzerland knew English. Uh-huh. That's great. <SEP> So we were kind of pitiful. We found one restaurant we were in and got seated. And then no one knew English in there. And we were just finally had to break out the phrase book and start looking up things. Uh-huh. But it was. What did you wind up with? <SEP> Oh I had fondue. That was easy to say. Oh okay. Tried to get fondue and white wine. And that was. Uh uh-huh. <SEP> We were able to have that pretty pretty effortlessly. There were some people at the next table who spoke English. So we elicited their aid for a while. They kind of guided you. And they were very helpful. Uh-huh. <SEP> So It was it was a pleasant time. Well good. I'd I'd love to go back there. There's just not time. There's not enough time to go see everything and then to afford to see everything. I guess that's why we need to plan for retirement so when we do have the free time we'll have the the means to uh pursue our dreams. <SEP> Right. That's. Yeah. I guess that's what retirement is all about. <SEP> That and sleeping late. Yes. I keep hoping for. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well it was nice talking with you. I understand that. Well it was nice talking with you too Craig. <SEP> And have a good afternoon. You do the same. Okay. Thank you. <SEP> Good-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2558.txt:What do you think about the uh Peace Corps or public service commitment? Uh that's the first I've ever heard of it. I haven't heard of it anything too much about it. Um. Well I think it was uh thought up when there was so much controversy about reviving a draft. And people said well they uh young people who were drafted have to provide military service to the country. But there are an awful lot of young people who would benefit from um some sort of public service like the Conservation Corps back in the thirties or uh various other things of that sort. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it seems to me that it's it's not a totally bad idea. But I don't quite see how they'd make it work. Uh-huh. How would they decide who goes into uh building fire breaks in Yosemite National Park and who goes to Saudi Arabia? <SEP> Right. Yeah. I. The. My first impression was um it would be v- very good. I think it would be good for people to serve. But I don't know if it should be an option. It would be great to have some of those organizations like you mentioned that were during the Depression or coming out of the Depression available for kids. And I think there are some available now where they are able to work. But making it a mandatory thing kind of. Yeah. The the difficulty would be in whether it's voluntary or involuntary. Right. And the people who were proposing it said that it should be involuntary that it should be like a draft. <SEP> Uh-huh. And some people would get military service. And some people would get civilian uh service like working in hospitals. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. This. I assume it's the kinds of things that they had conscientious objectors do when people were drafted and they refused to serve in the Army. <SEP> They were allowed to do hospital service or uh things like that. And if they re-. Or farm work in World War One I remember uh reading about. Uh-huh. And and I suppose that there is uh justification for taking everybody if you take anybody. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I just really think that the difficulties involved in paying them uh sorting them out assigning them training them would be insurmountable. Uh-huh. <SEP> It seems like you'd have a lot more conscie- conscientious objectors if they had that choice. Yeah. Well it's a possibility. Yeah. You know I'd I'd much rather work in a hospital than than to go war. And I'm sure most young men and women would. And so uh. Well I think that in the in the cases that like that uh they had to be uh pretty thoroughly examined to prove that they had pacifist and religious beliefs and so forth and that this wasn't something new just to keep out of going to war. <SEP> Uh-huh. It was uh something that was a fundamental part of their philosophy of life. Uh-huh. Well that makes sense. And then you run into again to um the bureaucracy in running it. You know how you going to cover that many people because we've got a lot more people now than we did then. Oh yeah. <SEP> Sure. And in addition to that we have the cost because you have to pay something for their room and board. So. <SEP> Right. And then you have to pay them some kind of a stipend uh even if it's like the Peace Corps where they don't get most of it until they come home you have t- have to pay them something. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Plus the training involved. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. That would be expensive in most cases. Yeah. Because. Now I had a lot of friends who went to the Peace Corps uh back in the mid sixties. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it really did seem to be a worthwhile organization. But on the other hand I'm not sure what the permanent value of it was. I don't know what we got for all the money. Uh-huh. We had an awful lot of idealistic people who went off to uh what was then East Pakistan is now Bangladesh and to uh Algeria and to uh Southeast Asia and lots of uh out-of-the-way places. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I don't know if they really had significant effects in the places where they went in teaching the people how to cope with their lives better. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I know in. I personally took a year and a half and went as a missionary and taught Christianity in Japan. Uh-huh. And I was living such a stringent lifestyle that it was very beneficial to me. It taught me not to be so self-centered and it you know to think of others. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I don't know if I was doing it in different situation you know not a really religious background if if I would get a lot out of it. You know I think I did because it you know it emphasized that sort of thing. You know a lot of self evaluation. Sure. And it was definitely voluntary too. They were not drafting you and sending you against your will. <SEP> Right. Right. And that I'm sure that would make a big difference too. You know you've got. Yeah. Well what about a voluntary program? Do you think that would be a good idea? <SEP> Um well like I say I know that there are some type of programs that they have available for a youth like teenagers to go and do um work in the national parks and work in uh neighborhoods to do um clean up and that sort of thing. But I don't know what organization it's under. I don't know if it's a government run or if it's a private charity that's put it together. I don't either. But I know that that helps a lot with training and um a lot of. Yeah. Out here in California there's a program like that for uh juvenile delinquents the the ones that are not dangerous. <SEP> And they don't have to be locked up go to these uh camps. And they do forestry work. Uh-huh. They maintain trails. And they uh put up signs. And they do fire prevention work and certainly things of that sort. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that I know is run by the State. But there may be other things. I'm not so sure what kind of uh training that is for the future for those kids. Yeah. How much benefit it'll do them in the long run? It's probably a a very good way to keep them off the streets and out of trouble. <SEP> But whether it's something that they can put to to economic use later on is a different subject. Right. Especially in you know if you take a a child that's from the inner city and then put them in the a middle of a park. If they go back to the inner city they may not see trees for a while much less be able to take care of them. That's true. <SEP> Good point oh. So that's yeah so that may not may not benefit them in the long run. Yeah. <SEP> But. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm going to have to go. But my other line is blinking. Okay. Well thank you. But it was good to talk to you. <SEP> You too. Bye-bye.
sw2603.txt:Okay. Um I guess what I guess my task. I usually ride my bike. I have uh a stationary bike and uh a regular bike. And when I can I like to ride my regular bike outside because it's so much nicer. The stationary bike is is so uh boring. Boring. But I have head phones. And I plus I have it uh in the living room. So I either watch T V or we have a fish tank. <SEP> So I watch the fish you know. Whatever I can do to keep myself occupied. If I like to have the T V on because that usually keeps me um more occupied. It kind of takes the time away. And I don't realize really that's really the only time I ever watch T V is when I'm on the bike. But and then usually after I'm done riding the bike just to cool myself down I usually take a walk you know. And that just kind of gets myself uh gets me you know to where I'm not quite as tired I guess. But it's definitely a task. You think so? I can't say that I really enjoy it. I wish that I did enjoy it more. But I do it because I have to not because I want to. <SEP> I bought a stationary bike. But I find that if I sit on that seat too long it hurts. Yeah. Yeah. And I haven't figured how to get that soft. And I tried even tying a pillow to it. But two years ago I joined well it's not quite two years it's almost two years I joined the Cosmopolitan Lady here in Plano. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I love it. Really? I just love it. So is it just women that go there? <SEP> Yeah. It's totally women. See I think that's what's my biggest problem with going to a place uh a a health club. Because I don't feel like having a bunch of other people watch me exercise. You know so I have tried to just do stuff at home. And uh I just feel conscious about it. I mean I'm not big you know or anything. But I still don't like other people watching me. I like to be able to sweat have my hair a mess. Uh feel that okay fine if my bathing suit slips a little bit I don't have to be conscious of it being a little bit too low. Yeah. <SEP> Right. <SEP> And I my bathing suit's just one piece. So there's no big deal all the way around. But I don't have to be conscious of what I'm doing or how I'm doing it. Uh-huh. And it's uh oh it's just I don't know it's it's a total free relaxation. Because hey you can do what you want. You're a female. And no one is staring at anybody else or worrying about what anything else is doing. That's what. <SEP> And they've got such fantastic equipment in there. Really? That's that's great. Oh yeah. How. <SEP> And I love the water aerobics. I love the water aerobics. Do they have a pool. Or what is. Oh yeah. They've got a nice one. Huh. <SEP> They have two types of water aerobics. They call it aqua exercise I guess is what they call it. I've heard that that's really good for you to do. It pushes you because you're pushing against the water in itself. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it is like double strenuous. But you're not being double strenuous on your own body. Because you're pushing it yourself. Uh-huh. So you're doing it yourself. So you don't really feel like you're really working that hard do you? <SEP> Huh-uh. When you're in the water? Huh-uh. The only thing that I ever felt was every time I stop and start going again because I end up getting two jobs once in a while. I end up having to quit for a while. But I get blisters on my toes on the bottom because I really jump a lot. Oh wow. <SEP> Well that's funny. I never would have thought of that. Well a lot of people wear those little uh terry cloth with rubber soles on the bottom. Especially around the pool. So they just wear them right into the pool. Like wat- Are they water shoes? <SEP> Is that. Yeah. They're just little terry cloth things you wear for house slippers with rubber you know soles so that you know. Oh okay. Okay. <SEP> Okay. Okay. No big deal one way or the other. Huh that's really funny. <SEP> But I never think about it until after you go there for about a week your toes you start getting blisters anyway. So no big deal. Huh that's. But it's fun. So how often do find yourself going? Um on a if you're doing it on a regular basis how often do you go? <SEP> I try to make it at least three times a week. Yeah. That's really. For a while I was doing it every day. Just going uh five days a week. Really? <SEP> I wish that I could make myself exercise every day. But I do force myself to do it at least three times a week. Which I don't feel like is enough. But i- it's it's at least something. You know it it. I just force I have to force myself to do it like I said because to me I really don't enjoy it. But I know that I have to do it. I mean it's just it's it's not a question of whether I want to you know. Well. But. <SEP> When I was working up at uh The Summit here in Plano I'd leave there. Uh-huh. And I'd be at the swimming pool by four o'clock. Oh actually about four thirty because they start at five to six. Oh that's. <SEP> So I was there by four thirty every night. And the only thing that ever bothered me was my hair getting wet. Uh-huh. Because no matter what I did or how I did it I invariably got myself wet. Uh-huh. <SEP> But the water only comes up basically to your anywhere from your waist to your oh chest I'd say. Yeah. So I mean it's your choice where you want to go. But I enjoyed it higher. Did you ever. <SEP> Well I'm sorry. That's okay. Uh did you ever go to Texins at all when you were working for T I? Did you ever try that? <SEP> I have a I have a bad back. So I'm very limited what I do. Oh okay. <SEP> It's like I can walk. But if I walk for more than fifteen minutes it's going to bother me. Um. Especially when you're on cement or anything that's hard. It will bother me. Then that would. Yeah. <SEP> It will bother me. I guess then the water aerobics would be probably the best thing for you wouldn't it? Well that what pushed me that way though was basically was the fact that when I went in there is wasn't for the water aerobics. I went in there strictly to strengthen my back muscles. Oh. <SEP> And uh she said Hey go for the swimming pool. She says you get just as much if you did the aerobics on the floor. She says in fact you get more. Wow. I said okay because I'm not a swimmer. Uh-huh. <SEP> I like water. I'm not scared of it. But I couldn't. I guess I could swim across the pool. But I'm no swimmer per se. Yeah. But I found that this worked really well. And I came out of there. And I saw my stomach going down well. Oh. <SEP> I dropped oh I'd say almost twenty pounds. Just by watching what I ate. Wow. And they fix you up with a diet which worked real good. What if you're already on one? I mean. <SEP> What? A diet? Yeah. I mean when you go in there they wouldn't make you do theirs. Would they? Oh no. They have nothing to do with that. Okay. <SEP> See I joined uh when this one down here opened up I joined as a V I P. And the V I P gives you uh oh gives you a diet a computerized diet. And they go over all your health and all your history. And they show you how everything to do and how to do it and the whole nine yards. So it became part of the package. So I went through it. It worked out well. But they have packages where they just offer the exercise program. Is that what you're saying? Oh yeah. You can just go in there and join just like anywhere else too. I see. Okay. <SEP> I just went and took the because they were offering it as an opening benefit. So it was it's less than what you pay now for going in there after all this time. Um. So it's like when I got laid off. I went back in there and start all over again because it had been a while since I'd done it. Um. <SEP> So I get all the same treatment again. So it's kind of nice. Wow. That's. Like I said I like it. I like the heat. I like the. I jump out of the swimming pool. And I go into the hot tub. Oh. <SEP> And I love it. Yeah. That would be really nice. Because I have n- I have never. Let me reword that. I think I have gone home maybe once or twice slightly sore. But that's because of my physical condition and nothing to do what they did. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's. I knew I was pushing too far. Uh-huh. But usually when I go into the hot tub before I go swimming or when I come out I'm totally relaxed when I go home. It's no big deal. So you really do enjoy your exercise then since your. <SEP> It's fun. It's fun. Uh I've gotten on the bike. And they've got uh the stepping bike where you step. Uh-huh. And I've enjoyed that watching how well I can walk up and down stairs. That's you know. I wanted I wanted to get one of those steppers when I bought the bike. <SEP> But most of the others to me are very dull. But I got talked into the bike instead. And I don't know. I really wanted a stepper. I'm considering maybe even buying one of those too. But I'm not sure if I'll get benefit out of both of them. I mean I don't know if it would really do any good having both of them. Which one do you feel is better since you use them both? Um I get bored very easily. Uh the one nice thing about the bicycle is you just sit. Like you said you can sit and do it and watch the T V and not even really be conscious of what you are doing. Uh-huh. <SEP> With the stepper you are conscious of what you are doing because you're basically watching each step as it gets harder and down. Huh. So you have a little you know little. You can program the one at Cosmopolitan Lady so to what your gear is. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I. It would depend upon which one you want. I think now that I've had the bicycle. I would go to the stepper. But if I were you I would go apply to either a health club or one of the others and use it for a while. Because you can buy a month's membership. And see what you feel is best for you. Oh really? Um. <SEP> Because it all depends you know for everyone their own what they want to do. Because I jump on the bike here at home. Mine has its see the handle bars go up and down. Uh-hum. So I can sit there and read and listen to music like what you said. And it has no effect on me. So I mean it's boring. Uh-huh.
sw3406.txt:Okay. So what do you uh think is the uh the worst culprit for air pollution? Well I think it's it's probably a combination of things. Um factories that that burn coal as a an energy source with sulfur and nitrogen contaminants you know. And you get sulfur oxides and nitrogen oxides. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh those are the ones I think primarily contribute to acid rain. And I think that's that's probably hurting us a little bit. It's hurting you know it's hurting Germany for example too and some other parts of Europe where they where they have high industry. So we're not the lone ranger here. Yeah. I uh I. It's hard to put the finger on uh what's worse you know the acid rain situation or the ozone depletion um with uh your hydrocarbons uh causing the damage in which. Yeah. <SEP> Hopefully we're backing off from that a little bit. But I know we haven't cured it yet by a long shot. Well I notice on one of these uh home shopping networks they were selling these uh halogen uh fire extinguishers. Yeah. <SEP> And the halogen is uh an ozone depleter. And it got hydrocarbons in there. It's a very clean uh fire extinguisher. But it's you know really bad on the environment. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. I guess I missed that one. Uh. Yeah. Automobiles of course are contributing too. And you know how how we are with our love affair with the auto. <SEP> Yeah. Kind of hard to do anything about that I guess. I know. Uh in the Twin Cities area. I just moved out of there and was kind of happy I timed it just right. But they had a new policy where in order to get your uh your license uh your car license uh renewed you had to meet the pollution standards. Yeah. <SEP> And uh. We have that here too. But it's part of the inspection sticker you know. They put a probe in your exhaust pipe. And and the computer reads whatever the ionization is coming out. And so that's you know that's the way they're dealing with it here. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah uh. Yeah. I guess that was just mainly in the cities there. And as far as where I live I don't have to do that. But I have an old car which I doubt would uh would uh pass the inspection a seventy-six. Yeah. And uh you know there's no way I would put in a lot of money to to repair it to meet standards. Yeah. <SEP> It'd probably be difficult anyway. Yeah. So although I do what I can to to cut down pollution. But uh. I was just reading an article in uh MOTHER EARTH NEWS MOTHER EARTH NEWS magazine. <SEP> Yeah. And uh they've got a new uh. You know a lot of places are burning wood. Yeah. A lot a lot of people are burning wood. Those of us who have. I've got a place in the country you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh they've had catalytic con- you know catalytic converters on those on. Uh I think they're required in California and Oregon and and Washington. But they've had up those for quite a while. And somebody's come up with a new one that uh sort of. It's a it's a catalytic converter. It's it's a plate that fits in you know into the smoke pipe. Yeah. And uh apparently it sort of feeds itself. The more smoke is produced you know. After you get to like five hundred degrees the higher it gets the more complete the combustion is. And it sounds real neat. I haven't seen them priced anywhere yet. But that that sounds like that might help solve that problem even on you know old old uh older stoves that don't have any kind of E P A requirements on them. <SEP> Yeah. That might help a little bit especially in some places. We're really lucky here. We have a prevailing southerly wind that blows just about everything out. Yeah. Now sometimes we get a kind of a. Especially in in uh autumn it seem like we get kind of a brown haze sitting on us. But most of the time it's blowing out pretty well. <SEP> Yeah. Probably blowing up there to you guys. Yeah. Well well around here I we get uh. Well it depends you know. Either in the in the winter time it it blows it your way. And in the summer time we probably get yours. Yeah. <SEP> It comes back. Yeah. I really think uh you know we're doing some some important things. Education raising consciousness awareness. Uh I know school kids. I work for the school district here. And uh you know this is one of the big things with kids. Kids are writing letters to the newspapers about you know telling adults to clean up their act. <SEP> Yeah. And it's uh you know. I hope we're not too late with it. We're we're uh we're having all kinds of recycling. Yeah. Well it uh th- that's a big thing too. I know it has nothing to do with air pollution. But I kind of look at the way people treat our.
sw3697.txt:Okay. Now then you heard the question. What what do you like to do for yourself in car automobile repairs? Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I'll tell you I used to do a lot more repairs when cars were easy to work on than I do now. Okay. I do uh I do the easy stuff now. I change oil. Uh and then what some people would consider a little more difficult I I'll change spark plugs. And I'll change you know points and you you know do air filters that kind of stuff. Um. <SEP> Well. But uh I can't do as much as I used to. Um I used to do a whole lot more but not any more. They're just too weird to work on now. Is that the reason you're not doing it. Or are you so busy you don't have time to do it? <SEP> Well that's part of it. Uh. Yeah. Part of it is like you said I don't have time. Okay. Well being a female and being alone you I don't do anything but put gasoline in my car and let someone else check the oil even. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh have you had any major repairs recently? <SEP> Well um on this car I've got now no. But I had a van before. And it was only two years old. And it had transmission go out on it. Oh. But fortunately that was covered under the warranty. Okay. Well you should be feel very fortunate. I had to have a transmission replaced in an eighty-six automobile. <SEP> Um. And I'll declare that's an expensive. Oh yeah. Yes. Uh-huh. <SEP> Maybe I should have just traded the car in. Yeah. Sometimes it makes you wonder. Oh it just. Well I have a very comfortable car and I have a health problem that I need a large comfortable car. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So um anyway I have a new transmission. <SEP> And I'm sure that any of them would have cost al- or charged me almost the same amount. But. Yeah. It hurts it hurts real bad. <SEP> Did you take it to a dealership? No. I took it to an independent out in Garland. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh I see. I had um. These people were recommended by a neighbor. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you know that's the only thing. I am not a native of Dallas. Oh I see. So that means I have to depend on on trustworthy friends. <SEP> Right. And that's. Anyway it's fixed. It's running. And I pray that I get my thirteen hundred dollars out of it. Oh gosh. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's going to run for a li- for a while yet. Oh I know it. It certainly is frightening. What work are you in? <SEP> Uh I I work for T I. Oh. I I work in the networking area. Okay. Okay. <SEP> Do you work for T I? No. No. Okay. No. I have just retired from um the Southwest Medical Center. <SEP> Oh. Yeah where there are a lot of people down there that could help me with my car. But they're all too busy. So. Yeah. I have to do it the other way. And that's find someone and pay them to do it. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. So I certainly hope you have a nice New Year. Oh yeah. I'm I'm planning on it. Oh it can't be any worse than last year. That's for sure. Oh it could be. <SEP> But I don't much think so. Yeah. That's true. That's true. I'm well we're starting out a new one. So let's make it a good one. <SEP> Yeah. I'm going to try and plan on it. Okay. All right well I enjoyed the conversation. Thank you. <SEP> All right thank you. Bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3707.txt:Uh we have a Sheltie Collie a miniature Sheltie. Do you? Yeah. It's about oh about six months old. And we're try-. We live in an apartment. So we don't have a yard. So it has to stay inside. And we're having a difficult time trying to train it. <SEP> How old is it? It's about six months. Uh you you're you're in the roughest stages of pet ownership I think. Really? <SEP> But they're supposed to be real intelligent dogs. But I guess every one one one one of them or every once in a while you get one that's not so intelligent because this one it. Well. I don't I don't know if that has anything to do with the intelligence really the the the training bit uh. <SEP> I've had dogs through the years. Right now I've got two and three cats. But uh and my son and daughter-in-law have kind of a Sheltie mix. And we watched it this summer for two to three months. And it wasn't trained quite fully either. Uh-huh. And uh but it was a sweet and an intelligent dog. Yeah. So how'd you all how do you. What's the best method? <SEP> I don't know. I I'm old fashioned. And when I got my my dogs when they when they did something I hollered at them and threw them outside. Right. They say that's not the way to do it now. <SEP> You're just supposed to. Stand outside with them until they. No. Just just put them outside I guess. Unless you ca- catch them in the act. Well we're hardly ever at home. So it's kind of difficult. <SEP> Yeah. And you know you don't want to you don't want to spank it or scare it or anything like that. So. No. No. You don't want to do that. But uh. Yeah. We we try to take it you know. It gets it gets frustrating when you take it outside. And you know and then it runs right inside. <SEP> Does does it just want to sniff around? And it does it. Huh? Does it just want to sniff around and play when it's outside? Yeah. A lot of times. And you know it won't it's little job outside. <SEP> Yeah. And it comes inside. Have you praised it and given it a treat maybe when it does something outside? Uh yeah. We've tried that. And uh you know there's certain spots in the house where he likes to go. <SEP> Yeah. So and he chews on plants and all that. But you know that's natural for a little puppy. Huh? That's nothing huh. <SEP> Well it it it'll it'll catch on pretty soon I'll I'll bet you. I I have a sixteen year old almost sixteen year old Golden Retriever. And she's gone the other way. Because she's so old she doesn't have much control. Oh really. So we're battling with that problem. Oh that's sad. <SEP> And she still feels good. Uh she can't hear worth a darn or see very well. But she's got a great appetite. And she knows we're there by smell. How old is it? <SEP> She'll be sixteen in May. Man that's sad. And yeah. <SEP> But we can't bear to do anything because she's been our friend for all these years. Oh of course not. So we're putting up with all her accidents. I couldn't. <SEP> And the la-. Two nights ago she had diarrhea. And so that was a bad one. But uh I think we're buying a carpet shampooer this weekend. That is really sad. What what's the deal. We we try to we're trying to take it on walks now you know. Uh-huh. And we can't because it's not accustomed to being on a leash. <SEP> Yeah. And so it I mean this dog really feels like it's being killed or something when you try to you know tug on it to walk it. I mean it just goes like a mad dog. I mean it just jumps up and down and starts yapping. And it's you know I mean it's not even close to even being trained on a leash. Does it oh. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know maybe you nee- you can get it signed up this spring or summer for some of the dog obedience classes. Uh-huh. Well we've heard bad we've heard some bad things about some of those you know. They sometimes mis- misuse their license or whatever you know. <SEP> Oh. They treat them bad. Well you know we went we went to the junior college Richland. Oh really? <SEP> And we took. My my daughter was living at home then. And she took our Golden Retriever oh not the Golden Retriever the Norwegian Elk Hound over there. Oh really? And it it it's a pretty good class. And they did pretty good except this dog is. She's just pretty. She's not smart. Uh-huh. <SEP> So she didn't learn a lot. But it I think it calmed her down a little bit. And she's used to being around other dogs now. How long did it take? I think it was like a six week program. Every what? <SEP> Uh I think it was one night a week for like six weeks. Oh really? And uh you know it was a group class outside. It was fairly reasonable too. Well Sheltie Collies are you know timid. And they don't really. Unless they get used to something they're really nervous. And. <SEP> Yeah. They're they're usually a high-strung dog aren't they? Yeah. Yeah. And uh if they're not accustomed to something they they're really scared. So. <SEP> Um our our friend has a.
sw3327.txt:Okay. Is it Mike? Yes. Do you repair your own car? <SEP> I try to whenever I can. I've always been a a I guess a product of a handyman father. Well I tell you what that's y- count your blessings because uh it really is good when someone can do some things to a car themselves. Th-. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. There's. A- although I'll tell you you know over the years the cars get more complicated. Well that's why I don't do as much as I'd like. <SEP> Right. Yeah. Because they are I mean they've got they've gotten complicated haven't they? Yes. One of my first cars was a fifty-six Buick. Which after awhile I could you know take it apart in my sleep if I needed to. Uh-huh. <SEP> Is that right? Yeah. It it got to be pretty straightforward to understand. And now since then you know the closer a car is to a fifty-six Buick the the more I know about it. <SEP> And then start getting into these Nissans and the like. And I just can't keep up. Yeah. I I agree. About all I ever. I never was too mechanically inclined. But I used to always change my own oil and do the points and plugs and. Yeah. Course they don't use uh points anymore. <SEP> That's right. But Uh they do still use plugs. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And uh now brakes I've always done a lot of you know changing brakes. Uh-huh. And I used to do I could always do the alternator you know and starter. <SEP> Yes. I don't anymore. But I have on a lot a lot of times. Yes. I understand. My last car repair actually had to do with brakes. And it's one I did not do myself. I took the car my. I have a seventy-nine El Dorado took it to be inspected. Uh-huh. <SEP> And the parking brake failed. So I got under there and messed with the the ten- that uh that adjustment to make to t- tighten it up. Uh-huh. And that didn't do the trick. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then I got there and tried to. It probably slipped loose didn't it? Well actually that wasn't even eventually the problem. I I did a lot of things that I I did everything that I could think to do. Uh-huh. <SEP> And eventually I brought it up to a a place called Just Brakes. Uh-huh. And it turns out that there's a. The parking brake i- in the rear. There's a there's disc brakes. And the parking brake is a piston deal. Um. <SEP> And because the parking brake hadn't been used in so many years the piston froze up. Oh. So they ended up having to pound it out. And one of them they were able to get running uh kind of oiling it and playing with it. <SEP> And the other one they just it was just frozen solid. So I ended up having to buy one. And altog- all total it was just under two hundred dollars believe it or not to get all that done. Y-. Well it really wasn't quite s- as bad as you thought was it was it? Y- yeah. Actually I I think it was a lot of money. But I I don't like I s-. Well it was a lot of money. But. <SEP> Yeah. But I. It got to the point where I didn't know what was going on. So. You had to have the help didn't you? That's right. That's right. Yeah. Well do you still do much work on them then? <SEP> I do. Th-. Act- th- actually that was just a at at the beginning of September. And whenever I can I do try. I. A- actually I'd say this. I I've gotten to the point where I don't change the oil anymore. Only because. Disposal is a problem. Well that is one problem. But also these uh these fast oil change places you just can't beat them. That's true. <SEP> For sixteen bucks they'll not only will they change the oil in ten minutes and do a f- you know as good a job as I can do but they'll uh lube too. That's true. Right. That that. I've I've quit doing that myself. <SEP> Yeah. And but one of the main reasons was the disposal of the oil you know. Yep. That's right. And uh but it. But no. I guess i-. That. And the main reason that it's it's quick.
sw3040.txt:Well we uh. Taxes. Everyone thinks taxes are too high I'm sure. But uh I think we do get quite a good value for the tax dollars we spend in most cases. What do you think? Uh yeah. I I think so. I I'm uh I think I'm I think I'm uh a little out of the ordinary in that that I I uh I think I'm more worried about the deficit the national deficit than than uh a lot of other people are and think that we need to we need to either raise our taxes or or cutback on something. And I don't know what to cutback on to to get to get that to get that settled. At this stage it's hard to tell. <SEP> And and uh and uh I know I'm a real a real uh out of it in terms of taxes. So I'm no- I'm uh think that the we really ought to seriously consider what an income tax might do that uh for Texas. And and. Well at this stage I think we've taxed property almost to the limit because like the the property taxes on the homes have reached the point that it's precluding people from being able to own a home because of the cost of the taxes on them. <SEP> Yeah. I think so. Yeah. I know. I live in Richardson. <SEP> Yeah. And it's up over two thousand dollars a year for taxes on my house. Yeah. Yeah. But now we're getting public services the schools the hospitals. And if it weren't for the taxes we're putting in there uh look what the schools could cost you. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now I'm uh uh oh I. We'd when we moved to R- Richardson one of the reasons we chose it was for the uh for the schools. And and realizing that that that that quality of schools might well have higher taxes than other places but that we were willing to uh to go for that because we supported the. Yeah. Then again the the community college system here is excellent for the dollar spent. And the public colleges also the tuition has got to be among the lowest in the country. <SEP> Yeah. Uh. Yeah. One of the. Uh I believe I don't know which one it is uh down there whether it's Hobby or uh the other ex-governor down there that are proposing doubling the tuition. Well if you double the tuition it would still be considerably less than the public school tuition in most other states. <SEP> Yeah. I think that's right. Yeah. That would provide uh possibly some relief there to utilize some of the property taxes for other things see. Yeah. The so-called sin taxes on liquor and the cigarettes and such as that generate a considerable amount. But I p- eventually I think you may tax people out of smoking even. <SEP> I I don't I don't know about that. I I. Yeah. Well I quit ten years ago. So I I couldn't afford to start again. <SEP> I see. Okay. No uh. Yeah. Well that that that would be true. That would be true. But. I know uh. My children would give up eating before they gave up their cigarettes I think. <SEP> Huh. But all the various taxing authorities that come through I think the one tax I resent the most though is the additional sales tax for DART which is probably never going to be in existence in my lifetime. Yeah. And and even if it is isn't going to uh uh provide you with any any services in that it's not doing to provide a route from your your home to a business for instance you know. Well this this is a thing. I think it's like uh back east. You had to start your public transportation when you started your cities. You can't come in afterward and really be successful or economical at it. If we had been like a Chicago or a New York City or Philadelphia or someone like that and had a public transportation system starting in the horse and buggy days and when land was cheap and uh construction costs were cheap you could afford it. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. But now digging tunnels under Central Expressway and things like that becomes cost prohibitive. <SEP> And. Yeah. And the other thing is that when it when it's the public transportation is established that early on then then the business uh business and residential patterns develop to take advantage of that. Absolutely. <SEP> Whereas in in uh in Dallas here we've we've got uh those patterns were well established before before we really tried to tried to do the DART. And uh for instance all the all the the uh office buildings and stuff that are out here in in uh north Dallas as opposed to downtown. Uh to try to to try to provide efficient transportation from everywhere around the the metroplex to to uh both those centers of of business plus everything else that's scattered around here and there as opposed to having a concentrated business area. You know like New York does. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just take like in Chicago where the people depend on the public transportation system to get them everywhere. <SEP> Yeah. New York. And some people don't even own a car and know how to drive a car. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Right. Someone made the analogy uh with Texans as being like the old cowboys and their horse. An old cowboy would jump on his horse to go across the street. Well most Texans will jump in their car to drive across the street. Yeah. And I'm just as guilty as anyone else. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. I drive to work every day by myself uh without even even any thought of car pooling. Yeah. Right. And uh most people are that way. Because they're used to not having public transportation. <SEP> Yep. Yeah. So but I here again I think I resented where they were collecting the sales tax for five years before they turned a spade of dirt. So and doing all these studies and the things. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. We saw about them traveling to San Francisco to see whether they wanted ten foot wide or twelve foot wide cars or something. <SEP> I felt that was a little uh wasteful use of the tax dollars that we were paying you know. A little bit much. Oh yeah. Yep. Yep. Oh the c-. Well that's about all I can say at this time. <SEP> Yeah. I th- I think so. I think that will probably do it. So. Okay. It's been real nice talking with you. Good enough. Bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw3962.txt:Well uh what is your favorite kind of music? Well I have to say my favorite type of music would probably be uh classical music. Oh same here. <SEP> Oh really. Yeah. What type of music do you like in the classical area. Or what era do you era do you like the most? Oh well I guess I like a wide range. Uh everything from uh from Baroque through at least some modern music. <SEP> Uh-huh. And my wife and I these days are especially into opera. We've been sort of opera fans for a few years now. Um do you go to the operas that they sing English or go to the ones that they sing other languages? Well we uh generally. The places we've gone they sing in the original languages. <SEP> Uh-huh. Like the Dallas opera here normally does I guess. Uh-huh. I I haven't gotten into that too much because I uh if I don't know the story line and um I don't speak the language then I have difficult time comprehending what's going on. Well one thing that's helped us a lot is that uh you you know you can buy a lot of these operas now on video casse- uh video tape. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so we have quite a collection of those. And you watch them at home. And they have subtitles. So you you figure out what's going on after a while. And then you can enjoy it in the uh theater. Oh. But you know the uh Dallas opera now has uh super titles on on all their performances I think. <SEP> What is that? Well they they give an uh an English translation on a on a screen up above the stage. Oh I didn't know that. Yeah. <SEP> That can help people like me. In fact they even do that for operas sung sung in English because it is hard to understand the words sometimes. Well I can understand that. So I'd say Vivaldi is probably my favorite uh composer. <SEP> Yeah. Well I really like Vivaldi. Uh he's uh definitely one of the one of the top of that era. Yeah. I like Baroque music. <SEP> I like full body music uh with the um um with brass and winds woodwinds instruments you know. Uh-huh. Course I like uh also string instruments. And I have two string instruments in my house. Uh instrument players. Both my sons play string instruments. One plays the cello. And the other one plays the viola. Oh. <SEP> So I get to go to at least four or five concerts a year. Uh-huh. How how old are they? One is thirteen and one is eleven. So they're doing this in school or what? <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. Yes. Well you've got half a string quartet there. <SEP> Yeah. We're on our way. Yeah. So uh um I try to enjoy all of it. Well since you seem to like uh Italian music have you ever uh gotten into Gabrielli or anybody there in that era the uh period right before actually before Vivaldi I guess? <SEP> Um a little bit. But um a lot of the um music I don't know about uh as far as the titles. And I have to listen to it and and figure out what I'm listening to. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um I do belong to a Musical Heritage Society. Oh yes. Uh-huh. Do you belong to that? No. I don't. But I think I know what it is. Isn't that a uh uh see. Can't you get records through that or something recordings? <SEP> You can get recordings. Uh they know have them on compact disc or or uh or cassettes or L P -s. Uh-huh. And uh they do their they do a lot of original recordings themselves. Yes. Yeah. I think uh. <SEP> But they also uh they also uh go to the different composers or the different I guess. What do you call them the guys that orchestrate the con- the conductors. Uh. Uh yes. Right. <SEP> Yeah. They go to conductors uh. And and they actually have them perform the music. And they record it. So they're actually commissioned performances. Sure. A lot of them are. Uh-huh. <SEP> Or they will kno- find out when they're performing. And they will uh record the music at that time. And so uh it is uh uh high quality grade music. And of course now they're getting they also have a jazz section. And they also have a uh more contemporary and American uh composer section. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I had go- heard good things about the uh Music Heritage Society. But if I get involved in one of those things I end up spending all my money on on music. Yeah. <SEP> Well you can control it. I almost uh almost uh bankrupted myself out of college as a freshman when I got into the Columbia Record Club many years ago. Oh really. Yeah. My roommate signed me up. He got a bonus record. And I got a lot of bills. <SEP> I see. So we have to watch that. Well that's good. Uh do you play any instrument yourself? <SEP> Yes. I I play guitar and and early years played saxophone.
sw2488.txt:Okay Deanna uh. On capital punishment in our state they give the death penalty for shooting of a policeman. Uh-huh. And I believe also in shooting of uh rape I mean killing a rape victim. I mean someone in the process of rape. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I don't know what el- I don't really remember what else. Uh-huh. But. <SEP> How do yo- wh- what do you think about it. I think it's justified. Yeah. Yeah. Very much so. <SEP> I agree I I agree you know. I. I think it should be in other cases other than just shooting a policeman. Yeah. Oh I do too. I do too. I mean I think they're doing their duty. But I think if they're going to come out and kill somebody else then they deserve it. <SEP> They ought to get it for killing a civilian just as easily as a policeman. That's right. I agree. Yeah. I agree. Uh I heard something on the news the other night they were talking about uh oh I know what it was. It was in our in our little local paper our little Lewisville paper that comes out twice a week on the front page every week uh. There's a little thing at the bottom. Tha- it's like a call in survey that says you know do you think so. And so and then you call this number. And you press like one for yes and two for no. Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> And one of the things the questions the other day this last paper and I haven't seen the results of it I'm anxious to was do you think that um capital punishment ought to apply to drug dealers. Which I thought was a real interesting question. Oh I think. Right. Right. Did you see SIXTY MINUTES tonight by any chance? <SEP> No. I didn't. Huh-uh. Well they were showing a segment on a man in Philadelphia that's going after the drug dealers. He's just a civilian. He's a black man. Uh-huh. And he just got fed up with it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And he said he's had his house broken into and windows smashed and his car stolen three times and everything trying to ge- keep him quiet. Uh-huh. But he's organizing people. And they're going out and marching on the corners and takin- taking back their territory. <SEP> You know I think that's what it's going to take though. I think so. I think. I really do. Oh yeah. It's going to take uh you know. The police I think I don't think can do it can do it alone you know. That's right. I think you're right. <SEP> It's going to take uh it's going to take all of us getting together. I'm sorry I'm trying to. My kid is asking for a kiss and a hug so he can go to bed. It's going to take all of us you know getting together and just saying we are not going to take it any more. Right. <SEP> We won't allow this in our neighborhood. That's right. That's right. And it said they're going to other neighborhoods from there. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then quite often they'll get shot because they're horning in on somebody else's territory. Uh. <SEP> That's right. That's right uh. I think they said forty-one had been shot out of one church in the last year. Oh my gosh. The only thing about the death penalty and and I know that that they try to be careful. And they try to be sure. But these people are on death row for like twenty years you know. Right. I know it. <SEP> An- you know. If if you know. I I think to be you know being convicted is one thing you know. And that's and that's great if they're con- if they're sentenced to death. To me you could not sentence them to death unless the case was for sure. I mean it ha-. Well it goes all through the st- it goes all through the state supreme court system before they're. Right. Right. By the time it gets there. And they've been convicted. And then they've been sentenced to death. They're sure. I mean there's no doubt. I mean I. Uh-huh. Then it should happen. Yeah. <SEP> There can be no shadow of a doubt in my mind. There has to be no shadow of a doubt to get that penalty. That's right. So once they've gotten the penalty and there is no doubt do it you know. Just. Right. <SEP> I don- I guess I mean that may sound that sounds cold. But gosh you know we're keeping you know we're we're keeping these men in prison for fifteen or twenty years on death row and not doing anything with them. Uh-huh. That's right. And it's costing us a heck of a lot of money. And that's terrible to look at it that way. But. Yeah. It is. I know. But that that's the way it is. <SEP> Ye- if the crime was bad enough that they were sentenced to death then do it you know uh. We had one in Virginia that was sentenced to death. And the execution was to have taken place a few weeks ago. I don't know if there was anything in your paper about it. I didn't notice it. Huh-uh. And there was a lot of protest. Even Robert Redford you know was protesting this guy's execution. <SEP> Gosh. Yeah. So the governor backed down. And I was so mad. Oh man. The crime was horrible his crime was just horrible. <SEP> Yeah. And those kind of people I'm sorry you don't reform them you know. No. I don't think. I really beli-. You don't. Huh-uh. <SEP> If they're the kind of people that commit these excuse me grotesque crimes and have done it over and over and over again you don't reform those kind of people. Huh-uh. And being under the influence of drugs is no excuse to me. No. No. And I don't know. The same thing goes with some of these insanity pleas you know. Right. Yeah. <SEP> Well if you're insane enough that you can go cut twelve people up into little bitty pieces and bury them in your back yard then are y- can can you be helped you know. I have I have my doubts you know. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. I do too. <SEP> I you know I don't know. I think there's a point. Some of these plea bargains and all this kind of stuff that they do it's just it just gets out of hand. Right. And I understand that you know that you know. My husband and I. Wasn't it Lewisburg that had a lot of uh bad things happening just in the last couple of weeks. Or was it not. <SEP> No. No. No. Huh-uh. Mayb-. It was I think it was the south east area from Dallas. <SEP> Oh really. My daughter my daughter lives down in Rowlett. Yeah. And she was telling me about it. <SEP> Oh really. Yeah. Yeah. Uh I can't remember what the town was some little area. <SEP> We've had several here lately. And it. There were several of them in North Dallas. And then it started kind of happening a couple of places in South Dallas. And that's maybe what you were talking about. Men breaking in uh to houses and taking or a man. They they think it's the same person taking uh little girls right straight out of their beds at night. And ku- you know breaking in obviously watching them in the house because they're breaking into the right window you know the little girl's bedroom. And taking them out putting them in a car and driving them out and taking them out and molesting them and then bringing them back and throwing them back in their own front yards. Oh gosh. And that's the last they se-. <SEP> Yeah. Oh gee. <SEP> Is that right. Yes. That is happened. I hadn't heard about that. <SEP> I think there's been I think there's been like six or seven of them over the last like probably eight or nine months. Gosh. They don't kill them? They just mo-. <SEP> They don't kill them. No. Gosh. They've tak-. And they're all like um like ni- anywhere from nine to twelve years old I think is what they've been. Gosh. <SEP> And he's taken them and and raped them and then brought them right back and just kind of thrown them out of the car in their front yard. Boy that's scary isn't it. Oh can you imagine because it it happens in the middle of the night. So the parent you know these parents didn't know this the the kid was gone until the kid is knocking on the door screaming let me in. Yeah. <SEP> Oh boy. You know can you imagine. Yeah. You wouldn't even dare put these signs in the win- little emblems in the window saying child in this room in case of fire you know. Have you seen those? <SEP> Shoo- I you know I've got one of those in Brian's room. Yeah. I never even thought about that. God maybe I'll take it out. Yeah. <SEP> I hadn't even thought about it. That's terrible. Yeah. It is. Well it's really bad that you have to be you know. We we were over at a neighbor's tonight. And Bri- my little boy is on- is just a little over two. And their little boy is like five you know. So there's a big difference. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they were playing in the back yard. And we were getting ready to leave. And I went out in the back yard to get Brian. And the boys were gone. And the back fence was open. Oh gosh. Oh gosh. You know. Yeah. <SEP> And she didn't act like it bothered her at all oh. This happens all the time. And we walked through the fence out the alleys ar- come to the back of the house you know. Uh-huh. Yeah. And wal- and I looked down both directions of the alley. And I saw neither one of them. And uh. And she was like oh God he does this all the time you know where are you. You know screaming J D. Oh. <SEP> Oh boy. And you know my heart was in my throat you know. And he's five? <SEP> Shoo I guess so. And uh he Brian was two houses down. You know. Gee. <SEP> And he you know. I don't know. I know. Parents around here just let their kids run everywhere. And I just can't do that. Yeah. There was a little girl picked up in Rowlett from uh from her front yard. And her dad was working in the back yard and had just left her few minutes in the front yard. And somebody apparently drove up and took her. And they never saw her again. <SEP> Oh man this is too scary that is just too scary. Yeah. You know I let Brian play here in the back yard. And we've got there's two gates that go into the back yard. And we've got one of those big eight foot privacy fences. Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> And one of the gates has a padlock on it. And then the other gate just has one of those slide bar things. But it's on the inside. Uh-huh. It's. You know you'd have to cli- like come over they'd have to come over the fence. They could not open a gate you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I still feel a little uneasy about him playing back there. Right. Yeah. You know I mean if I don't hear him playing I mean I I get up and come out and look out the window real often you know. So. And watch. Yeah. Yeah. I don't blame you. <SEP> It's really scary that you have to be that scared about your kids. But I mean you do. Uh-huh. Better safe than sorry. And if they find who's doing that to those little girls as far as I'm concerned he could fry. <SEP> He could fry. Yes. To put it very bluntly he could fry. Yeah. <SEP> Yes. Yes. Because sometimes there are crimes worse than murder. Right. You know. Yeah. <SEP> I and I believe that. And this is one of them. Yeah. Because these little girls will never be the same. Huh-uh. That's terrible. <SEP> Never be the same. So I don't know. It's it's really scary. And I don't know what to I don't know what needs to be done you know. It seems like there's no room in jails to put them in jail. And when they do put them in there you know. We- I'm taking a business law class at night. And the guy that teaches it is a practicing criminal attorney. And so he comes in and tell us all these bizarre cases you know. Oh gosh. And he said you can pretty much you know if you ever get on a jury you know you're not told this but if you ever get on a jury you can pretty much guess whatever you sentence them to. They're going to serve about a quarter. It's going to be reduced. Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> They'll serve they'll serve a quarter of it. Yeah. So if you want them to stay in prison for fifteen years don't sentence them to fifteen years sentence them to a hundred. Yeah. <SEP> You know because then they'll serve fifteen or twenty so. Which is really. Yeah. I don't know. It's just not it just doesn't seem right. <SEP> No. It doesn't it doesn't. They just get out you know. There was a thing on. Well what are we going to do about it? How I mean how can it be changed. Unless the legislature will do something. I don't know. And they don't seem to. <SEP> That's the thing. Ag- we're just going to have to adopt a completely different attitude. Uh-huh. And we're going to have to say if you commit this crime and if we're sure you commit this crime you are going to be sentenced to death period period. Yeah. <SEP> And do it you know. Yeah. And if you commit this crime you will be in prison for the rest of your life. Right. <SEP> We're not going to say we're going to put you there for the rest of your life and let you out in fifteen years. We're really going to do it you know. It's just the system has just. An- and I understand they're doing it because the prisons are full. But somewhere we've got to come up with some money to build to build more you know and keep these people in them you know. Right. I think so. <SEP> Yeah. I think it would be worth it everybody wo-. Well I was watching a show about this the other night. And you know they were like in a I think it was on FORTY-EIGHT HOURS.
sw2789.txt:Okay. Are you on any kind of uh regular exercise plan? I I yeah I'm yeah I I do aerobics uh step classes and uh toning classes. Step classes? <SEP> Yes. What's that? It's uh it's a new uh form I think. Uh it's like low impact aerobics. But at it. Oh instead of hopping and jumping you just step. And. Oh okay. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. You you have a step. And you literally step up on the step and move your arms. It's it's it's it's new. Huh. <SEP> It's fun. I probably couldn't do that because of my knee. Uh-huh. Bad knee. Yeah. <SEP> Um and uh I do toning a lot and uh some. Every once in a while I play tennis. Yeah. I'm not too great at it. But I I try to play. Yeah. I've I've kind of gotten out of the habit myself. I mean it's. I guess what I do now is I play softball right now. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's about. Well right now I'm on two teams. So it's four nights a week. Gosh. But uh uh so I enjoy it. But as far as you know uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Instead of having to join a health club and make myself go out there I went and bought a weight bench and don't ever hardly use it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Ha. Right. Ye-. I need to make myself do that. Yeah. I slacked off a little because of um. I'm about to graduate from college. And so this past couple months have been really hectic. So I haven't really gone. And I've really been faithful these past two months of going to the health club and working out. But. What school you going to? <SEP> I'm at East Carolina. Oh. But um no. I uh. My step classes and toning is about the only thing. Well I mean. Now what's what's toning? Is that lift- lifting weights? <SEP> It's um like isolated movements for each muscle certain muscles groups. Oh okay. You can do with. Isometrics stuff like that. <SEP> Yeah. You can do it with certain you know you can do it with weights if you wanted to. But you know you leave out of there. Usually the next morning if you haven't done it in a while you wake up the next morning. You're like oh no. What did I do to myself. And your whole body aches you know. Yeah. Um I know I'm looking forward to getting back into getting into shape. Uh I feel like I'm out of shape. But I feel guilty for not going because I really I'm I'm so used to going for you know three or four years now. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I stayed in pretty good shape during school. But um. I played baseball all the way through. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you know working out six hours a day usually six or seven days a week that kind of kept us all in pretty good shape. Oh yeah. <SEP> Oh yeah. But uh ever ever since I got out of school you know just jumped right into the job. And I guess the job that I'm in it's stuff to stay on any kind of a regular schedule. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because I work some weird hours and do some traveling. Uh-huh. <SEP> No. Some um. I walk a lot because uh you know being in in school we. Yeah. I don't know if your campus was anything like ours. But our parking lot's in one end of the of the campus. And the school the buildings are all at the other end. So. You ut-. No. I didn't have well much of a problem. We I guess I went to a small Baptist school. And we had about when I was there maybe thirteen hundred people. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh okay. That's if. So it's pretty small. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I usually get in at least a couple of miles at work just walking around the plant. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. Yeah. It's uh. I live I live on the second story apartments. So I walk up and down stairs all day long. So. <SEP> Uh. Uh we've got a one story house now. That's that's enough. I guess I push the lawn mower around. That's fairly regular. Yeah. <SEP> That's one of the exercise now. Yeah. I I um would like to start running. I've never been much of a runner. But I want to start. I want to run. But I don't I don't know if I'll be able to to do it. What. Just because yo- you don't like to or because because you won't be able to. <SEP> I'm I'm afraid I won't be able to. Oh if you do if you do aerobics you shouldn't have any problem running. I wish I'd. <SEP> Yeah. I hope not. Um. We've we ride our bike occasionally but again not nearly often enough. Uh-huh. I don't even own a bike. I think the last time I was on a bike when I was about twelve. So. Uh I don't know. I'd be afraid afraid I probably forgot how to ride a bike you know. No. You can't forget how to ride a bike. <SEP> Yeah. But um no. I guess that's about the only form. I'm trying to think of of other things that I do that will be considered exercise. Yeah. There are things I should do. I know it ju-. Now when I was going to. I I went to a junior college for a couple of years and played baseball and then transferred. Well when we were at this junior college uh our coach you know. We. One semester the whole team was required to take aerobics. And the next semester they were required to do weight lifting. <SEP> Uh-huh. So they uh. I mean it was a regular. I mean we had it for course credit. Uh-huh. But still I mean it was pretty high impact stuff. <SEP> Those aerobic classes are are tough the the high impact. Uh-huh. Definitely are are tough classes. Yeah. And she'd uh you know. Most of the guys were all in one class. So she'd kind of lay it on occasionally you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. First at eight I think we had. Eight o'clock in the morning was our class. Uh-huh. Wake up. <SEP> Well now they have those uh those exercise bands now that are better that you can use for like toning instead of using a weight. Uh-huh. You have like bands. I don't know if you've seen them. Yeah. <SEP> They're. Yeah they're they're weird. I think my wife has some. They're uh you ge- they're just made of I guess it's different kinds of rubber. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh and they get. Or sand even some of them. Well no. They're elastic. So I guess it wouldn't be sand. Uh-huh. And there's some that like the different colors denotes how much they how much the tension I guess they are and how easy they are to move. Huh. <SEP> Uh there's like I know there's purple gray and uh green. And some of them are real short. And they're the ones that are the tough ones to use you know. Yeah. But uh those classes I I enjoy. Uh I think uh with the aerobic classes you have to get an instructor that's fun. If you don't have one that's fun and not enjoy it look not acting like she's enjoying what she's doing the class is not going to get out uh what they should get out of the class. Yeah. <SEP> Uh if the. So are you going to get into instructing? Well what are you studying? Oh I'm an interior design major. Oh okay. Not in the not in the aerobic instructor type field. <SEP> Oh. No. No. No. No. Oh I could never do that I don't think. <SEP> I'd rather just be the student. And uh Occasionally I do the weights at the health club but low weights just. Yeah. Yeah. The uh the some of the Nautilus equipment that I started seeing at the one that we used to go to was really interesting. I mean they they they really know how to isolate each of the different muscle groups with those things. <SEP> Uh-huh. But man they are it ut-. I don't know. To me that was just too much of a hassle to get all geared up and take the time to drive over there and workout and then drive back. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Well they um I just noticed at our health club they will put on these computerized one these computerized machines. And you set a speed on it and the weight. And it and it makes you do it. And it tells you. Like if you're going too slow it will say my grandmother could do this faster than you. And stuff like a turtle goes faster. And um it tells it. And the whole place can hear what this machine is telling you. A little negative reinforcement there while you're going. <SEP> Yeah. So uh do that stuff like that. But just I've never used those machines. I just use the regular machines and the free weights you know like little five pound hand weights and eight pound hand weights. Yeah. Just to do you know some bicep tricep exercises. Sit-ups of course. Yeah. That's that's where I'm really starting to get noticeable. <SEP> Uh-huh. I'm just getting real soft in the middle. Oh yeah. I think that's uh number one problem with everyone. Uh-huh. I haven't really started to put on a lot of weight. I'm I guess I probably put on about ten nine or ten pounds since I stopped playing which was about four years ago. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I've just myself I just notice myself just really real soft. And I'm sure I don't have near the endurance that I did. Yeah. But I I intend I keep saying I intend to get back into it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I just need to put the old nose to the grindstone. I I I guess at that point it would turn into a task. Uh-huh. I don't consider it fun doing that. But. <SEP> Right. Yeah. I plan on getting back once I graduate next weekend. Next weekend? Next weekend. All right. <SEP> Yeah. One week. Then I plan to get right back into it. You know it's it does a lot for you I think. Yeah. Makes you feel a lot better. Oh no. Yeah. There there's no no question the the end result is great. And I I mean I enjoyed you know. We. When I was playing ball we could like run all day and not be tired you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I mean you feel so much better about yourself. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Just that you know you don't feel guilty when you eat that cake after dinner. Oh I still don't. But. That's a problem. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. Well good luck on your graduation and your. All righty. Well thank you. It was nice talking to you. Yeah. You too. <SEP> Okay. Bye-bye. Bye.
sw2657.txt:Huh? Okay. I don't know how much I know about this subject. Well I don't know if I know anything or not. <SEP> Yeah. But I've I've got some opinions on it. Okay. Go ahead. See those type of people that that have the most opinions ones that don't know anything. <SEP> Yeah. Well uh I've had teenagers. And I now have grandchildren that are teenagers. And I don't know that it might do them a little bit of good to see the world from a different perspective. Uh I think this `` me'' generation has gone far too far. And the young people are overly impressed. And I think it wouldn't hurt them to step back from themselves just slightly and see things from a m- far more disadvantaged viewpoint. That's true. Uh I personally know nothing about the Peace Corps though. <SEP> Um me either. I I went to college and then started working and then got married. And. But they have. I read somewhere. And I'm I'm out on a limb here some type of college uh volunteer work for teachers that they are straight out of college. And they do one year of volunteer work teaching in the uh lower income brackets of the United States. Have you ever heard about that one? No. I haven't. I know that uh my sister. I have a twin sister. And when they graduated she went to uh teach in a small town down in south Texas. And I know that like if you have college notes if you teach in a lower income bracket where they don't pay as much and they cancel part of your you know your college note or whatever. Oh really? <SEP> Uh-huh. If it's like you know really a you know a lower paying job you know where in a small town you don't obviously you don't need as much as far as to you know to live. And this is money that she's borrowed to form her college education? Yeah. She only taught there one year. But I. But she got credits for it? <SEP> Uh-huh. That's very interesting. And um I think it would be. I know that also one of my cousins who uh he is in like the therapy type thing. And he was um. Some group paid part of his college income. But then he was required to go back and work for a certain number of years in this town at uh uh. I mean it's a nursing home or something like that. Huh. <SEP> So you know if. I think that's a good way for people to you know maybe get people to come back to these small towns to work by helping people that normally might not be able to go to college and get the type of degree they want. Yeah. I think that is an excellent program. I really do. I like that. And it's it's beneficial to the small towns too because they really really have have a disadvantage that we wouldn't understand because we're in the Metroplex. Yeah. <SEP> As far as ge- yeah getting doctors and all that stuff yeah. Right. You know if if we had some really major health problem that required a specialist we could find one it wouldn't be convenient. Yeah. But we could find one. <SEP> Uh-huh. We wouldn't have to drive and spend the night someplace or something like that. Yeah. So I I can see the advantage to that one. The Peace Corps itself is really a uh dying out isn't it? <SEP> I really don't know that much about it. You know I I I think of the Peace Corps you know more like the sixties and that kind of stuff when. It's still in existence. Yeah. And don't they go into other countries and stuff? I want to believe they go into other countries and teach them how to do things like farm uh dig their own wells set up their schools. <SEP> Uh-huh. Things that make the. Yeah. <SEP> Make them more self-supporting? Yes. They. Yeah. It's not a program to teach them to use the American money it's a program to teach them to be more self-reliant. <SEP> Right. Yeah. And yes. You're right. I think it's a sixties program. I think it was one of Kennedy's hot points that he. That was his big deal. But it definitely would give a lot of the kids now that have everything given to them that they want to see what it's like if you don't have all the money and can't have what you want when you want it. Right. Right. Um I think I I've singled out my grandchildren. And but actually they're they're pretty good along those lines as compared to what I have seen from other people's children and grandchildren mine aren't really that bad. <SEP> Uh-huh. But at the same time I think it would do them a world of good. Yeah. But there's a. <SEP> I don't I don't know that you could require everyone to do that for yeah to do it for a whole year or two years or something like that. Mandatory just like like the draft. <SEP> No. I don't know that that would work if somebody's was didn't really want to be there and didn't have. Every time you. <SEP> They could buy their way out. Yeah. I mean there would be loopholes just like there is in anything else. Right. You know they they'd figure a way around that one in a heartbeat. But I'm wondering if there's another issue here. And maybe this is why this has died out. Can you go into. And this wasn't the question. But it's it may be the more of the issue versus should young adults. Can they go in there and can anyone go into well out of. The Kurdish community is a little bit extreme at this time. But say I think Bangladesh would have been a good example or some some really desperate situation. And teach them to farm and teach them. And it doesn't do any good. <SEP> Yeah. I don't know that it does. I I don't know that um if you step back from the current issue and look at it more intellectually there are forever over as long as we know there are races of people that are dropping out. Yeah. You know we're losing certain races of people. <SEP> Uh-huh. There are people now that are obsolete point and fact just just like endangered species of animals so there are quote tribes of people that are endangered or obsolete. Uh-huh. And I'm just wondering if you're fighting a natural process there of being winnowed out. There's a German word for it that's elegant. But I never can remember what it was. Uh but but that they're they're being winnowed because they're where they are they're not adapted to their environment essentially. <SEP> Right. Yeah. Um and one of the quick examples is the Aborigines. Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh when we were in Australia uh. Sad little things. Uh I felt sorry for them. Because their society isn't there anymore. And their belief system and a- all their structured of theirs all the structures of their society are gone essentially. <SEP> Yeah. And they're just kind of more like a side show than anything else. And that's sad. Yeah. But I don't think there's any way you could go uh the Peace Corps could go in and rescue those people. And I don't think you could have done it fifty or a hundred years ago either. <SEP> Yeah. So I I'm wondering if the Peace Corps is really an effective tool. Well. <SEP> Down here with the Peace Corps we're talking about all these people that aren't even in our own country when there's enough people here that I think probably need help and could be helped. Good point. We've got enough without lea- without a passport. There's plenty. <SEP> Yeah. Yes. I think we ought to worry about our own species. And maybe rather than just require somebody to join like the Peace Corps for a year maybe like um during college you know maybe have some kind of course where they'd be required to do some kind of community service type work and help people in that area or people in the United States. I wonder now in. And I've been out of school too long to answer this. But I wonder if there aren't some sociology courses. <SEP> There probably are you know. For. But I'm sure. That's probably like people that do that are are the people that are going to go into social work and stuff. But I think that it wouldn't really be half bad for everybody not to do something you know and realize it's everybody's responsibility to um help these people you know. And no-. I'm not saying just give them money. But I mean because they have to be taught to be. That's the last thing you want to do. Yeah. <SEP> I mean I know that's what my father-in-law was talking about you know when you give these people money. Or what was it. They were bringing up points asking as far as whether they need to give um more money to these people. I mean and that's not really the answer I mean because if they're alcoholics they'll just go out and spend it on you know booze or something like that. Yeah. That's exactly it. But. They're not going to take that money you give them and go try to figure out a way to dry out with it. Now come on let's be realistic. <SEP> Yeah. That's just not realistic. Or you know to find a job where they can learn how to support themselves. Right. <SEP> I mean I guess we're getting kind of off the subject here. But. No. We're not I don't think. I think that's more realistic than goin- making them go in the Peace Corps. Yeah. I mean it's. <SEP> True. Yeah. I think that's a lot more realistic. Uh I I think that we should be spending more time. And and again I don't think the the Peace Corps is is as successful now simply because it's not. It doesn't fit the circumstance anymore. Yeah. Uh we've got plenty. In fact we've got far too many. You're in uh what r- Flower Mound? <SEP> Flower Mound. Yeah. So we're a little fa- you know farther removed from like Dallas and some of the areas where they probably have more of the homeless and that type of thing. I was. That's exactly what I was going to ask you. Have you ever have have you been downtown recent-.
sw2005.txt:Okay. Uh first um I need to know uh how do you feel about uh about sending uh an elderly uh family member to a nursing home? Well of course it's you know it's one of the last few things in the world you'd ever want to do you know. Unless it's just you know really you know and uh for their uh you know for their own good. Yes. Yeah. <SEP> I'd be very very careful and uh you know checking them out. Uh our. Had t- place my mother in a nursing home. She had a rather massive stroke about uh about uh eight months ago I guess. Uh-huh. And uh we were I was fortunate in that. I was personally acquainted with the uh people who uh ran the nursing home in our little hometown. Yeah. <SEP> So I was very comfortable you know in doing it when it got to the point that we had to do it. But there's. Well I had an occasion for my mother-in-law who had fell and needed to be you know could not take care of herself anymore was confined to a nursing home for a while. That was really not a very good experience. Uh it had to be done in a hurry. I mean we didn't have you know like six months to check all of these places out. And it was really not not very good uh deal. Yeah. We were not really happy with nursing home that we finally had. Yeah. <SEP> Fortunately she only had to stay a few weeks. And she was able to to return to her apartment again. But it's really a big uh big uh decision as to you know when to do it. Yeah. You know is there something else we could have done you know in checking out all the places that uh might be available. Of course you know there's not one on every corner especially you know smaller areas smaller towns. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Probably the hardest thing in in my family uh my grandmother she had to be put in a nursing home. And um she had used the walker for for quite some time probably about six to nine months. And um she had a fall. And uh finally uh she had Parkinson's disease. <SEP> Oh. And it got so much that she could not take care of her house. Right. Then she lived in an apartment. And uh that was even harder actually. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Because it was you know it was just a change of change of location. And it was very disturbing for her because she had been so used to traveling. <SEP> Yes. I mean she tr- she had she had children all across the United States. Uh-huh. And you know she spent nine months out of the year just visiting her children. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. And um that was pretty heart-rending for her. I can imagine. I think when she finally came to the realization that you know no I can not I can not take care of myself. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's tough. That's tough. Yeah. I mean for somebody who is you know for most of their life has has uh not just merely had a farm but had ten children had a farm ran everything because her husband was away in the coal mines. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you know facing that situation it's it's quite a dilemma. Yes. I think. <SEP> My mother excuse me. Go ahead. Yeah. Well my uh my uh. Probably one of the biggest decisions I think that was very strengthening for our family was rather than have one child make that decision than just delegate it. Uh-huh. I think that they they had a great deal of um. All the brothers and sisters got together. And they actually had a conference. <SEP> That's great. And I mean it was just it was probably one of the most strengthening things for our family getting down together and doing that. That's right. And and just the children were involved in the decision because it involved just them. And you know making that decision and then finding a place. <SEP> Right. Yeah. And everybody had duties to perform. Uh-huh. You know whether it was just you know giving money or whether it was actually taking part in a lot of the decision making you know like finding a proper nursing home. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yep. <SEP> You were very fortunate. And they. I know. They and well they had well they had they had seen it coming. <SEP> Uh-huh. So so. I mean it. I mean I I I I har- I I truly wish that if something like that were to happen that my children would do something like that for me. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Absolutely. Unfortunately a lot of times it responsibilities like that seem to fall to you know maybe one child in the whole family you know. Yeah. Yeah. Well we we. And uh it's usually not a very smooth smooth thing. Yeah. <SEP> We were I was lucky too that I only have one brother. Uh-huh. And uh fortunately we agreed you know on exactly you know what we thought should be done. My mother also was very very independent. She had her own still had her own little house and still driving her own car at age eighty-three. Yeah. <SEP> We were lucky in that in one respect in that after she had her stroke she wasn't really you know really much aware of what was going on. Uh-huh. That nursing home life would not have been you know anything of her choosing. Of course she would she would not have been happy there at all. Um. <SEP> But as it turned out the stroke took care of that concern for us. Yeah. Yeah. Well with my with my grandmother I think it was it was such that uh that she did not have the problem with. She was very well aware. And her daughter came and visited her. Uh-huh. At least her daughter came and visited her and also her several grandchildren came and visited her every day. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's great. And I think that when she passed away it was probably one of the greatest. Um I I I think it would be. It was more of a relief for her. Uh-huh. <SEP> Sure. And um. I mean but she was truly she was truly aware. I mean I I I di- I don't know how I would how I would deal if one of my parents came with with Alzheimer's. Or something like that which is which is far more devastating. Uh-huh. <SEP> That would be tough. Yes. Absolutely. And um I I I think that what one thing that they were concerned probably was the fact it wasn't necessarily you know like the quantity of care but the quality of care. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yes. That the people that worked there were very were very interested that to make it as close a home environment as possible. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yes. It would. I think I think I think you know for myself I I see that as probably the the what everything would hinge upon. <SEP> Oh. Is it. How close is it to a home environment. Yes. That's right. That's the that's probably the major question. <SEP> I think that great strides are being made nowadays in in caring for the elderly you know in several in a in a whole lot of areas. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Just people are of course populations getting older. Yeah. You know it's it's interesting that that a lot the population of the United States is changing because you know uh now that so many more minorities where they have had extended families for such a long time. Uh-huh. Um matter of fact in the United States we used to have extended families. <SEP> Uh-huh. It wasn't. True. But I guess as we become more industrialized and more you know less in a rural situation we we don't we we we choose not to deal with the extended family because we feel it's kind of cumbersome when in reality it makes things much much easier. <SEP> Yes um. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's right. <SEP> Sure. Absolutely. And people things are scattered so much nowadays. Uh. Yeah. Yeah. I I I think that perhaps perhaps the extended family you know that it maybe one of the solutions to a lot of things even child care. <SEP> Yes. You know I mean of course there there comes other issues you know whether or not any of the grandparents whether we feel like are going to be a good they're going to be a good caretaker for our children. Yes. But. <SEP> Just because they're grandparents. I mean they raised us after all. Yeah. Just because they're grandparents that doesn't automatically make them a good child carer. Yeah. But uh I I I think that you know we always uh I mean I've I've had a lot of good experiences with uh with many many people especially where they've had uh extended family. And I and I I kind of see that that you know perhaps you know we may need to like get close to the family environment and and get down to the values of you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean uh it's. Money seems to be too big of an issue. With with with with what's going on today. Oh yeah. <SEP> Sure. Realistically it is. And I I think I think that we may not that may be you know perhaps if we put money on the back burner that may that may choose to alleviate a lot of the problem. <SEP> Uh-huh. That would certainly help. I mean I mean we may not we may not have as high a standard of living. <SEP> Uh-huh. But the qua- but actually have a truer standard of living. <SEP> Right. That's just a matter of defining priorities I guess or some priorities anyway. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> I think you're right. Okay. Well I guess that was it. Okay. It was good talking to you. Okay. <SEP> Yeah. All right. Take care. Hey. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2504.txt:Okay. Okay. Well uh do you believe only fifty percent of the people actually vote? I think it's somewhere really close to that cause I think a lot of people believe that their one little vote is not going to make that much difference. And they really don't listen to any of the issues anymore. <SEP> Huh. Because they feel like so many of the politicians are like crooked you know? Uh-huh. And so they figure why go out and vote you know. They're going to do what they want to do. They're corrupt anyway. And I think one of the good ways of solving that is to like everybody likes to come to a party so have a voting party and uh you know like in communities and have the issues there and then everybody go vote together and then maybe come back over and have brunch or something. <SEP> Well. I mean that's the only thing that I can figure out because I've heard so many people say well I'm not going on voting on that one you know I I'm going to go fishing today. Or it won't make any difference if if I don't vote. And I think it does. We vote every time. <SEP> Well it uh there's no question it does make a difference. Uh so far as having a party and then all voting uh when you have different precincts you would have to have a party in every precinct. Right. <SEP> Because people have to vote in different areas. And uh not everyone votes at the same place. Uh I personally think that we need to do more along the education lines in the schools and the children from the little ones on up with the idea of the the value of voting and the purpose of voting and that one vote does make a difference. But. Right. And ma- maybe let them have some mock I mean uh you know elections and stuff and vote for different people in their classes and start really young. <SEP> Absolutely. Absolutely. That's a real good idea. <SEP> And and they are are doing that in a number of schools. However probably not enough of them uh country wide. But it's going to take at least a whole generation of people uh to get across the idea of voting. Uh just like it's taking a whole generation of people to finally uh realize the harmfulness of drugs and uh hopefully to uh now with the many programs throughout the country on how to resist taking drugs. Right. <SEP> How to say no to it and what have you. That. Uh perhaps we'll finally get the youth weaned off of it. But uh I know I I spent thirty-four years in education here in the Dayton area. <SEP> And in nineteen fifty-one the police were telling us about the drug dealers outside the school and how they were just giving away their marijuana giving away their heroin and what have you to get them started. Um. And you know that was in fifty-one. That's forty years ago that it was already a problem. God. <SEP> So it's now uh to the forefront. And people are finally taking some action against it. And the thing we've we've neglected the value of voting. And uh and what it really means to vote. Right. And we also don't make the uh the issues perhaps in language that people fully understand them. Yeah. Well I don't know how it is up there. But down here Louisiana has a bad reputation for their politicians and all. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean I'm sure you heard about some of ours. Sure. <SEP> Right. And uh people are just. I mean it's like they're turned off on voting. And that's the reason I said maybe if you had something like a block party. Uh-huh. Okay. We're going to have a block party. Everybody's going to get together. We're going to discuss the different issues and stuff. And then we're going to go and vote you know. We're going to go vote. Like maybe they could give something like uh the top neighborhood if you had a hundred percent in your neighborhood or something like that you know. I mean it doesn't have to be it could be like a a sign that they would put down at the end of your block. You know or anything like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it it's really bad here. I mean to me it is. It seems like people just don't care anymore. They say huh well it don't make any difference you know. One crook is as good as the other one. Yeah. And they don't bother to listen to what any of them have to say. <SEP> Right. And uh I know my husband now we go vote every time. I don't care how small the ballot is I mean if there's one thing if there's one issue. Uh-huh. Right. Because the way I feel is if I don't vote then I don't have any reason to gripe. <SEP> To complain about it right? Right. <SEP> Right. And I hear so many people saying well I wish this would change I wish that. And you know but they didn't go vote. That's right. And uh maybe if they like you said if they would start when little kids and start letting them vote and learn how to vote and all. Then uh and the importance of it because okay if you don't vote for your friend over here well your friend's not going to have a chance. <SEP> That's right. Tha-. He needs your vote just like he needs everybody else's you know. Maybe if they were brought up that a way like you said it would. Because I know here uh until you get into high school now then they had the voting machines. And you voted for like cheerleaders and different things like that. <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. But they should start that a lot earlier. Yeah. I. It's the same way with everything in education though. It should begin and right down in the first grade. Uh and your very best teachers in my estimation should be first second or third grade. So that the children develop good learning patterns. And you have some success and want to go on learning and continue learning uh and not wait until they're in high school. Right. <SEP> And then it's too late to try to change them around at that point. Yeah. But uh everything should be started on the lower levels. And uh certainly if the youngsters had that opportunity that you know they they understood that the principles of the country were established so that everyone would have a say and everyone would have a vote and what that vote meant. And uh but it but you're right from the standpoint that people do have a negative attitude towards politicians. Right. <SEP> And perhaps it's because our campaigns have become so terribly expensive to run uh that only the most wealthy can do so. Right. <SEP> And they're not always the best person for the job. Right. But they have the money to be able to do it. So uh so that there are a lot of problems along that line also. Definitely. <SEP> And perhaps the Government. You know a good i- idea for the young kids like that too is to have like a a mock one. And okay this this candidate tells you some things that are going to happen. Sure. And this candidate tells you some things. <SEP> Right. Okay then this percentage of the voters I mean the kids in that class they are not going to let them vote this time. But they have to do whatever these people whichever one the other people elect do. Uh-huh. If they did something like that and started kids out real young and showed them okay now you're not going to get to vote. But you're going to have to do what that person says. <SEP> Yes. They would understand probably by the time they were in high school. Right. They'd be ready to vote. <SEP> That's right. And I think you know that's an excellent idea. They would put them to realize that that they're going to have to do what someone else says even though they didn't vote for it. And that maybe they need to think twice about voting. Yeah. Now some people object during primaries having to declare a party whether Republican or Democrat. Right. <SEP> And you do that in the primary. Uh-huh. Uh and I don't know that uh a lot of people vote in primaries for that very reason. Uh they can declare anything they want. And they can actually rig it. If they really wanted to vote Republican they could go in the primary and say they were voting Democrat and then stack the ballot for someone that perhaps the Republican could beat. But uh it's uh it's just a sad situation. And uh I do think more needs to be done along that line to help to uh teach the people uh uh everyone uh more about what is going on with voting and with nonvoting. So that uh we can make they're making some more intelligent decisions. Yeah. <SEP> And it's going to take these young. I think that sounds great. You know it's going to take the uh a whole generation of my feeling uh before that's going to be accomplished. Well you know they'd have to start when they're real young. <SEP> That's right. I mean you know it would have to be a child that is just coming into school. Because well I'll tell you another thing too now. Whenever the first time I voted I never voted in high school because there was never anyone that showed us how to use the voting machines. Uh-huh. Now this sounds dumb. But I did not know how to use those voting machines. And nobody ever showed us or anything. So I didn't vote because anybody that went in there and they asked a question all the other kids laughed at them. <SEP> Yeah. They thought that was funny. Ah she don't even know how wah wah. Right. Uh-huh. So there wasn't any way I was going to go in there and vote. And it took me I mean it took such courage you wouldn't believe to go vote the first time because I was waiting for somebody to laugh at me because I didn't know how to work the machines. <SEP> Sure. Right. <SEP> Well. Sure it is. Now that's bad. And I mean I was out of school. I was a married person. Uh-huh. And uh I didn't know how to work the machine you know. And it really scared me really bad. Because I thought all these people are going to laugh at me because I don't know how to work this machine. Where if they'd if they'd had a class or something or just to a short time you know to said okay this is the way. <SEP> Well just the just the opportunity to try the voting machines. Yeah. Right. It's this is the way it's going to be. And my son was exactly the same way that I was. And I didn't realize it until uh his senior year. I s- asked him something about well did you who did you vote for for uh cheerleader? And he said oh I didn't go vote. He said uh there's no way I'm getting in that machine. Well then I realized it. So when we went and voted the next time I asked the uh lady I said I want my son to come in with me. And she said well uh why you know. He'll have to come back out. I said because I want him to know how to use one of these. Right. And I said I won't turn any of the buttons down. But I want to show him how to use it so that he'll be able to vote. <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. And uh so he went in. And now he's a registered voter. Good. But he would not vote before then. <SEP> Yeah. And I mean I think that's bad. Sure it is. Absolutely. You know here I was. And and even of course there's a lot of years between the two of us. But even with that many years between.
sw2734.txt:What's the uh. In Texas law has a uh what does it have it has a death penalty doesn't it? Oh yes. Yeah. They just uh started it again too just late or within the past few years. You know for quite some time just about every one of the states had given up the death penalty. But now it's coming back into favor. <SEP> Uh yes. Well they find it is more deterrent. Well my sociology class at S M U's taught us that it was not a deterrent. Uh but now that's just what they said. Uh I don't know maybe maybe if I went back and took a sociology class now they'd say it is a deterrent. Well uh if you You know compare the figures I think that's where they're uh they're coming from. Maybe they've changed their minds. <SEP> The uh. Maybe that's it. Maybe that's it. Because that was back in the seventies. Oh they're yes. They are. That was before the uh uh they adopted the death law again. But uh I I myself am in favor of it uh particularly for uh well I think Texas has a good good law. Uh crimes murders related with uh drugs or killing a policemen. I think. I agree. But I think it ought to be expanded to include children. I I think they're they have they're working on uh something in Austin now. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I'm not sure what it is. I just remember seeing a uh kind of a synopsis of it. Uh-huh. Well why stop at children? Why not go to adults too? Well uh I'm I'm personally very in favor of it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh why should we let them set in prison and work on their college degrees after they've mowed down a class yard full of kids or t- or tried to or done their very you know given their best effort at doing that. Uh-huh. Yep. I I don't care to support them. <SEP> Well I don't either. But uh uh but there is something to be said about. Or uh uh j- just for the sake of argument I'm taking the a con. Sure. I'm I'm against it. Uh you know yourself how many times have you heard where uh uh a citizen was wrongfully arrested and served time at a penitentiary uh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Just recently this uh black man served nine years was it for robbery. And then there was the black woman that uh robbed and shot the furrier. And she was set free too just in two examples in Texas recently. <SEP> Uh-huh. But she actually killed the furrier. Or someone. She was charged with murder. And then then they decided it was a case of mistaken identity or something. I didn't I don't I didn't retain all those facts very well. But I know what you're. What if we make a mistake. That's it. And that's not one of those things that you can turn the wheel back and reverse everything. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well right now our laws are so liberal that uh even with the death penalty in effect I don't think that uh they're going to use it uh too frequently uh unfortunately. I like you say yes. Let's have it put them all give them all a shot get rid of them. Well Well I guess though where I would have a problem with it if I were on the jury that that put that handed down the death sentence because it was my judgement the person's guilty. Why should they be sit- sitting in uh prison getting their college degree. <SEP> Uh-huh. Now that's tougher. It's easier to say it on the telephone. And everyone agree that yeah the death penalty's the way to go. It's a deterrent to crime. They shouldn't catch themselves in that circumstance anyway. But to be the actual one of the ones that decide that would be tougher for me. Yes. Very true. I uh I agree with you there. Uh Uh-huh. I think I'd probably do it. But we could never say what we would do if we're not in the circumstance. It that's that's that's a real easy thing to say that oh sure I would. But I don't know. <SEP> Well I myself wouldn't want to be on the jury like that. Uh I it it's uh that's an awful lot to uh to expect of a person to uh to kill somebody is what it amounts to. Well yes. But you know that's what they did. It. True. Very true. But they they did it because they have a warped mind for some reason. Or rather than have a warped mind it was just the only way to get whatever they wanted. <SEP> Yeah. Well uh Uh-huh. And they they wanted something worse than they more than they respect the human life. Yeah. Exactly. Well anyhow I guess we both agree that that it is it should be in effect. <SEP> Hang them. Yeah. I agree it should be in effect. Also I agree there should be a lot of care in the enforcement uh. So I guess I would say I want it to be in effect. But I want maybe. Well I'd I now I have a problem with this too. I think our courts have too many opportunities for them to go back and get one more chance. <SEP> Oh that's true. Well now any uh just believe in just about any state in the union uh uh a death uh or uh yeah death verdict is an automatic uh appeal. That's correct. It is. It is. And uh uh yes. I'm inclined to agree with you. I think so. There should be a limit as to the number of appeals. Now there's some. And maybe now I don't remember if this is Texas or not that has something about all drug dealers can be sentenced to the death sentence. <SEP> Um um well n- Not just for dealing in drugs. Convicted drug dealers. It uh. Is it what is what's the ru-. <SEP> There are certain circumstances. And I don't remember what they are. It's something of the dis- they're on the distribution end. Uh yes. They're not selling them. They're distributing them. It's for the large dealers is what it's reserved for. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they they are in effect killing people. Oh oh yes. Yes. I I believe it's any capital crime related to drugs. Oh okay. <SEP> I think that's the way it's worded. Is that how it's worded? I knew it was there. But I I. Or p- or is it proposed. Or is it passed? I do believe that's in. Uh I wouldn't swear to it myself. I believe it is. <SEP> But I thought it I thought it was in effect. I believe you're right though. I think it is. And I have to agree with that. Uh-huh. I I think it certainly should be one of the options. Uh I've been fortunate with my children and grandchildren so far that I know. I qualify that heavily. <SEP> Because you never know. But to the best of my knowledge we haven't had a major problem yet. Uh-huh. But it just touches so many young people. Um. Well my children are about in the same age bracket. <SEP> Oh it does. Uh I have four sons myself. And the youngest is twenty-eight. So they are all pretty well grown up. And they all went through it you know going through high school and everything. And knock wood that uh they have not. Well I won't say they didn't try it uh. I wouldn't know. But uh they. I doubt very much that they're they're using it now. In fact I'm sure they don't. I think let's see the oldest is thirty-two. And the youngest is probably twenty-seven twenty-eight. <SEP> Huh. So it's the same age bracket. Yes. And there's four two girls and two boys. And I think one of each experimented very slightly with pot. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I think that was the extent of it to the best of my knowledge. Yeah. That's usually the way it is. It it's just uh try it out with their peers. And none of them even smoke. They don't uh. They never. Strangely enough uh their mother and I both smoked when they were growing up. Now my my my wife my ex-wife she quit uh well when she was pregnant with the last one. And she never started up again. And I just quit oh about fourteen months and two weeks ago. Boy. That's tough. <SEP> Yes. It is. I. And it seems to be getting tougher as time goes by. My husband hasn't quit yet. And he knows he has to. And he knows he should. And he knows. And he knows. Um. But he hasn't. I do respect the fact though that he refuses to smoke in the same room with me. He he's very conscious of of passive smoking. And he's concerned about it but hasn't quite made it yet. <SEP> Well Well when I was still smoking I I felt that way. If I was in a public restaurant seated at table with uh non smokers I would try to pick a s- a a my seat where the smoke would blow away from them. Or I'd hold the cigarette under the table. Yeah. I've seen all of this. Yeah. <SEP> And uh but uh now I'm on the shoe's on the other foot. Uh I'm aware of other people smoking now. Well Charles will actually Charles will not smoke in anyone else's house except our own. Um. He will get up. And he'll go outside you know. And he he's. So when we're invited to people's house he will not smoke in their house. Which I think is good because there's a lot of people that are very. <SEP> Yes. Particularly if they have children. Uh-huh. But uh and he's you know he tries his best. But the actual quitting he hasn't done. He changed brands to a brand he doesn't like. He put up all of his ash trays. He will not smoke in a comfortable position you know. But still he's done everything the Smokers Anonymous tell you to do except quit smoking. <SEP> Uh uh-huh. It's a long process. Well the there's a trick I use. <SEP> They used to leave my cigarettes in the glove compartment. Oh how neat. And every time I wanted one I have to go outside and just take one. One at a time. And uh that that's gets to be uh a deterrent. He has his in the kitchen.
sw2870.txt:Okay. Do you vote regular? Yeah. I do I try and vote in every single election. Every one. <SEP> But uh that's just since in the past say about six years. Before that I really didn't pay any attention at all. Well see that's me. I've never paid any attention to voting. Oh you haven't? Huh-uh. <SEP> Yeah. I didn't use to. But now I really. Because I get so angry about what goes on. And then I feel like I can't really complain too much unless. Unless you have something to do with it. Yeah. Right. <SEP> But the problem is that I am very liberal politically. And so I hardly ever have anybody that wins that I vote for. Oh liberal. By what do you mean by liberal um. Liberal politically. I'm you know like pretty left wing Demo- Democrat. So. Well see I don't know anything about politics. <SEP> Oh you don't? Uh what's the main what's the main difference between Republicans and Democrats? Okay. Well there's a lot of them um. It depends on what issue you're talking about. But Democrats are on a lot of issues are more liberal than Republicans. And well it used to be it's kind of hard to say now especially after Desert Storm. But um I think back in the ei- times when uh my political opinions were being formed like in Viet- during the Vietnam war and stuff the Republicans were more you know what they called Hawks which is more like aggressive in war and more pro war and pro aggression. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um the Democrats were the Doves. They were more for peace. And I'm not sure how much that holds true anymore. I think you know the issues are. Okay. And you vote for the Democrats. Or. <SEP> Yeah. Usually. Yeah. And Democrats usually are su- more supportive of public assistance programs. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and programs to um. The big Republican thing is that they don't they vote for less government. They want less government involvement in society. Uh-huh. And so they're more less apt to vote in you know more aid to people. Or more uh they're less apt to vote in programs that involve the government running things. Huh okay. <SEP> So. So have you ever voted at all? No. I never have. You haven't? Huh-uh. <SEP> How old are you? I'm twenty-six. Oh gosh. I know I sho- I. <SEP> Well. Well I don't know mu- that much about it. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I don't keep up on it. And I don't feel like I ha- have enough knowledge on it to even you know to pick the right person. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well. Uh-huh. So that's what they need well it uh they said something to improve voting. <SEP> Uh-huh. If they could make it more oh easier to find out you know what's going on. Do you know what I mean? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Like uh like to me I don't I didn't know what would have been wrong with. I can't even remember who ran for president against Bush. I think it was uh that woman. Du-. Wasn't it a woman. <SEP> No. It was Dukakis from Massachusetts. Dukakis. Okay. Didn't he have a woman. Or wasn't or was that Reagan. There was a woman that was running for vice president for a while. <SEP> Oh yeah. That was. Ferraro. Yeah. Ferraro. That was a while ago. That was a couple elections ago. Yeah. Okay. <SEP> Yeah. That's okay. Well that's what I mean. Like I didn't know what the difference between Dukakis and Bush was. Uh-huh. You know I didn't know anything about Bush or Dukakis. <SEP> So what do you think about uh what do you think about what you see on T V about them like in the news or on the ads. Do you kind of just. Okay. I don't remember anything about Dukakis. You don't? But well they're all saying that they're going to do you know whatever is best for their campaign anyway. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. That's what I mean. If they had some kind of public programs where you can just go out and. Uh-huh. I don't know. Like you know in school they didn't teach you about demo- uh the government not really. <SEP> Right. You didn't get any government classes? Huh-uh. <SEP> Yeah. It's really hard too. Because before they used to have um a lot of. It seems like the stuff that they put out now it I mean I doesn't just seem like it. I know for a fact that the any kind of stuff that if you wrote and asked for material. Well what do you believe in. What do you believe in. They don't take any stands on anything. They kind of say well what do you want me to believe. Yeah. Or they word it so that it's really hard to tell where they're standing on certain issues. Well I'm not sure they're. Yeah. I know how they do it. <SEP> Uh-huh. It. Like i- with the abortion issues and stuff. Uh-huh. Yeah. They have to kind of take a stand on some things like abortion and things like that. So that's kind of how I judge. There's a few things where they have to say yes or no like abortion or gun control. Or let me see. I try to look at what if some of the newspaper articles or the. I don't trust T V as much. But newspaper articles can show wha- how they voted in the past. And but you get you know. Right. <SEP> It all depends again on who's writing it and who they're for because they can slant that too. Right. And like I said most of the poli- the politicians I'm. Also the politicians put out what makes them look good anyway. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. And everybody's got you know stuff they don't want known. <SEP> Right. Everybody's got a secret. So. Well anyway I'm sorry. I didn't I didn't have much knowledge. Well that's okay. Do you think do you think um. I don't even remember this being on there. <SEP> I mean what would it take. Like God this is really good actually tha- for to talk to somebody who hasn't voted. I mean what kind of. Incentive? How would it how what kind of stuff would they would you like them to do so that that you would know more about it. Like send stuff in the mail or have it at the library. Or. I guess that would be good. Now I'm sure they've got it at the library you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I mean if I get to the library. I've got two babies so I don't. Yeah. <SEP> Oh do you? Yeah. That will tie you down a little bit. But I I don't know. Or do you just not do you feel like it's not really going to make that much difference if you don't vote. Or. Oh I know if enough people think like that it you know would make a difference if people stopped thinking like that. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Um well a lot of people they'll vote the way their family votes you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. If since you're what Democrat? Then like your kids or whatever will follow you and just vote Democrat. Uh-huh. Yeah. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean. Well not in my family. No. <SEP> We're kind of we're really independent. All split. But a lot of families do that. I know a lot of wives feel like they have to vote the way that their husbands vote. Right. <SEP> And that kind of keeps from getting a lot of issues resolved. Golly. I lie. Huh. But well. I don't know. If I did understand politics I probably would vote more. <SEP> Uh-huh. But like I said if I voted for Bush. Or like when uh Gary Hart was running a lot of women would have voted for him just because he was nicer looking. Hart? <SEP> Uh-huh. Not that I think he was good looking. But he was young. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And then I didn't think that was right because he may have been a good president or whatever. Uh-huh. But because it. What. He had an affair. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And it just threw him out of the whole running. Yeah. And a lot of people go by their uh personal life when they vote. And. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Which I guess if you got turmoil in your personal life you're going to let it come into work. But I'm sure there's a lot of people that have had. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think everybody does. It just depends on how well you can hide it. Yeah. You know and I. That's very true. I I think that doesn't really have that much to do with um unless they've done something really horrible you know or something real abnormal. Well. <SEP> Well criminal or something like that's different. Yeah. Right. But if him and his wife weren't getting along. <SEP> But otherwise. Uh-huh. I mean what is what effect does that have on him running for president. Do you know what I mean? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It's all so secretive. See we really don't see the the true person anyway. That's right. <SEP> I think that's that's having a big effect on how poorly that the country is being run is that um the the election the people that want to get elected are turning it into a popularity contest by advertising the things that you know that really don't have anything to do with how well they do the job. Right. But see they're trying to find an excuse not to deal with what you know the issues that people really want to know about because on those issues you have to say yes or no. And if they don't say yes or no then maybe somebody will vote for them that wouldn't have if they had come down on the wrong side. Do you know what I'm saying? Right. <SEP> So they just try and make it a personal thing. I mean if you remember any of the T V commercials from the last presidential campaign they all had uh pictures of Bush with his grandchildren walking around with his grandchildren. And even from Reagan it was all just like looks like a McDonald's commercial you know. Uh-huh. That's about what it looked like. Well what did you think of Reagan as a president? <SEP> I just thought he was really inept. I don't think he did anything at all. He they just kind of sat him up there like a puppet. And the people that were. Do you think he won from Carter because of the um the hostages that were held at that time? Well I think that was part of it. I think there's a lot of thin- the economic problems that the country was having at the time and the the recession and stuff. Uh-huh. <SEP> People just had a picture of Carter as not being real capable. But he actually. All right. This. I thought he was great. I thought Carter was good too. And that was. Yeah. Did you? I always liked him. I thought he was great at the time. And I I just couldn't get over the fact that Reagan beat him. I you know that I just couldn't believe that he got voted out. But I think I wasn't. Well let's see. That's been about ten years ago right? <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Okay. So I was only fifteen or sixteen. But I remember Carter. And I liked him. You did? Have you heard stuff about him lately. Do you know what he's doing? No. I sure don't. <SEP> Well he is just he is really active still politically. He's been overseas. You remember when he was in office he did a lot of stuff for the Middle East for pe-.
sw2691.txt:Okay. Jay where do you live in Texas? I live in Dallas. In Dallas. <SEP> Uh right at the intersection of the busiest highway in the state. And a uh it goes east and west and a north south tollway. What's that the I Thirty and Central express? It's. No. It's called Six Thirty-Five's the highway. <SEP> Okay. Yeah. It's the looper that goes around the city. Right. <SEP> And then uh the tollway is called the Dallas North Tollway. Yeah. Just moved here about uh oh uh one about a month ago after twenty-one years two miles to the east. Oh is that right? <SEP> Oh how about that? So it's a very different house from the typical Dallas uh house. It's a new home? <SEP> It's about eight years old. About eight years. <SEP> It's uh it's a duplex type thing. Uh very modern and uh very open and airy light. Oh. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it's different than the than the long Texas ramblers. Right. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well we we live in a brick story and a half uh. <SEP> What's your house like? Cape Cod style I guess you'd call it. Oh great. Yeah. And uh have a big sun room on the back of it. <SEP> So it's got a lot of o- openness and light also? No. Oh it doesn't? It doesn't have. <SEP> Well that's what my wife really wanted. And so uh. With openness and light? Yeah. That's. I understand that. I would love that too. <SEP> Uh our our last house wasn't too bad. But it was just too traditional. Uh-huh. And so if uh. Yeah. This is very traditional. <SEP> The n- the next time uh probably a year and a half from now we're going to try to build. Oh uh-huh. So make one really uh contemporary and and very modern and very open and very light. Uh-huh. Do you have children at home? <SEP> No. I have three in college. Three? Oh boy. They they usually get back for the at least two of them for the summer. So But. You still need space plenty of space. <SEP> Still need a little bit of space. We we have a lot less than we had uh recently. Uh-huh. <SEP> Huh. Already cut back. Uh-huh. Well. <SEP> How big is your place? It's uh oh about twenty-five thousand twenty-five hundred square feet I guess. Oh that's good size. <SEP> It's four bedrooms and two baths and that. Yeah. We we had. It has one wing built on that's a kitchen family room and then the big room on the back. Uh. <SEP> Yeah. We had four bedrooms two and a half baths uh in the place we just left. Uh-huh. <SEP> So down now we're down to two and two. Two and two. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So it won't be terribly wonderful when the kids are home. But it won't be that long because we not for sure you know how long they're going to stay or whatever. Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> So. I was just reading an article uh that there were nineteen thousand properties available in Texas uh for sale by the Reso- Resolution Trust Com- Corporation? Oh yes. Repossessed. <SEP> Yes. And if you get in the if if you can find one in the right area you can really pick up a steal. I I guess so. <SEP> Uh we we really didn't go that route and didn't look. Uh but uh the planning of them. And the the housing market probably still going to even go lower. There are many many houses ju- for sale just by the regular route. Uh-huh. So uh. That's discouraging if you own property. <SEP> Yeah. And we just decided uh uh sell. And we got we got a pretty good price uh for for what we had. Uh not as good as it would have been say three or four years ago. Few years. Uh-huh. <SEP> But that uh that was just the timing. Right. Well our daughter and son-in-law moved up back up here. He's from Texas but course she's from here uh about a year and a half ago and had their house on the market down there. Uh-huh. And they never did sell it. So they stayed six months. And she got her job back and he got a job down there. <SEP> Oh. Because. Yeah. They're not moving very well. Huh-uh. <SEP> For sure. Nope. And that's a good uh example of it. They live in Rowlett. <SEP> Oh yeah. I know where that is. I've been we've been here for twenty-five years. Have you? I'm from Missouri. And my wife's from Kansas. So I te- I teach at a college here. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it's uh it's sort of home now. Uh-huh. So. What college are you teaching at? <SEP> I'm at uh one of the Brook- uh it's called Brookhaven College. It's one of the community colleges. Oh. And it's just about two miles to the west of where I'm living. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it's very nice very convenient. The only one I know is Richardson. <SEP> Yeah. Now Richland College is out it serves Richardson and uh Garland. Garland. Uh-huh. And that's about nine miles to the east of here. Yeah. <SEP> So uh anyway well it's good to hear from you. Well I enjoyed talking to you. And I hope we hope we did them some good uh on their little computer dealy. <SEP> I hope so. Right. <SEP> And uh have a good life the rest of it. Okay. Thank you. Same to you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3075.txt:Lynn do you do you want to start? Certainly. Okay. <SEP> Um. Do you want to tell me about summer vacations you've taken. Or. Well I I tend to uh take two kinds of vacations the vacations to visit family and the vacations to just have a week being cultural and going to the theater and doing sight-seeing and things like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Which is your favorite? Oh well I couldn't live without the family vacations. But uh my favorite is the the indulgent ones where we go off and and uh see places that have interested me since I was a kid for the most part. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh. Your family doesn't live close then? Uh not anymore. They uh they've been in San Diego for the last few years. And they're moving to Florida. Okay. <SEP> And that's one of those things. You just have to go once a year. Yep. I understand. So uh basically it it sorts out into that. And then once about once every three or four years I try to get over to England because I lived there for a while some years back. Wow. <SEP> I've only been there once. Oh. And I'd love to go back. <SEP> Beautiful country. Beautiful country. And it was. Beautiful people. Yeah. It. <SEP> But uh. And I'd real really like to go because um I'm fairly recently married. We had a great time. And and my husband has been hearing about these people for years. And uh but he's never met them. So uh I'd like I'd like to do that. But anyway that's that's our typical vacation. And uh we enjoy the family vacations. But the other ones are very special getaways. And we probably take one of each every year. How about yourself? Well uh we we as you do take family vacations uh sometimes one a year. And but this year we're not going to be taking one for several reasons. But vacations we really enjoy. I think we've been on three cruises. <SEP> Oh I've never been on a cruise. And we we really love cruises. We've gone on CARNIVAL CRUISE LINES. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh we've gone fairly inexpensive from as most cruises go. Uh we usually book just a month before it's ready to go. Yeah. And we get upgraded. Last ti- last two times in fact we had an outside room. And it was beautiful. <SEP> Um. And we like not having to take our suitcase in and out of hotel rooms and drag it all around. It's kind of. Well what do you do on a cruise? I've never been on a cruise. Oh my God you do everything. <SEP> You I mean you can be as busy as you want to be or as laid back as you want to be. You can sit in the sun all day around the pool. Or you can take part in the games that they have going on. They always have bingo. They have a casino. Uh they have a massage parlor. They have exercise. I mean you can do anything. Huh. And that's just aboard ship. And then when the ship docks you get to go sight-seeing and shopping. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that's quite fun. Uh-huh. And where have you been on these cruises? Uh Nassau San Juan Saint Thomas. We've been there twice. We went two cruises that hit those islands but with different people. We we've gone with friends each time. <SEP> I see. And then we went to uh the western Caribbean which is uh Port uh Cancun Cozumel and Ocho Rios. Oh the the Mexican coast. Pardon me? <SEP> That's all Mexico I think. Yes. Uh-huh. And but it was wonderful. So we really like those. And uh I guess we just like to go someplace someplace entirely different. We've been to a few places in this country. We still have a lot to see though. Where are you from originally? We're from Illinois originally. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we've been down in Texas eighteen years. And so like you we always try to make it you know back home to see the relatives. We both still have family there. Uh-huh. And that's fun. It brings back a lot of memories. <SEP> Oh yes. Uh things are different there though. They're uh. I don't know. It's just entirely different world than this area. Well I I grew up in Dallas. So I mean it's not it's not like I'm going home. Did you? <SEP> My my parents retired first to San Diego. Uh-huh. And they're going now to Florida. And so they're going very nice places. Thank God. Uh-huh. <SEP> That will be a pleasure to visit and get to know. I really came to love San Diego and feel very comfortable there. They've been there eight years. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh you know I just grab the car and drive everywhere. Oh that's great. So it it is it is nice. But it's not home. This is home. And um and I've never thought about a cruise. It's so funny. Oh they they they really are. We've yeah as I said we've done them three times. We'd be going again this this year if circumstances hadn't changed. We we'd probably go. <SEP> Uh-huh. My husband would you know. The minute I said the word he he he's chomping at the bit. He kind of likes the casinos a little bit. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I like all of that. What's the best part from your point of view? I like seeing other countries and shopping in other places. <SEP> Uh-huh. I like shopping. I can shop anyplace shop in London and France and wherever. Now my kids are moving to Toronto. So we're going to be able to go up there. Oh that will be nice. So I'm kind of looking forward to that except I hate to see them go. <SEP> Oh sure. But. Sure. Well go in don't go in the winter. Oh that's what everybody says. And I I think it's. I think I'll try to stay away except my my second grandchild will be born in in the winter in January. <SEP> Oh. So that will be hard to stay away from. Well th- there are exceptions made for special occasions like that. Yeah. <SEP> But the ordinary thing is to stay out of the north in the winter and get out of Texas in the summer. So. Isn't that the truth. Uh-huh. Huh. Well that sounds wonderful. I I guess I I would contemplate going on a cruise uh oh all circumstances permitting it. Well there's all age grou- groups too. And that's that's kind of fun. Uh you if you sit at a table with a lot of people for your meals you meet different people. <SEP> Uh-huh. You may meet people you know thirty years older than you or younger. And everybody is really interesting. And everybody is there to have a good time. And. Huh. How long are the cruises? Uh we've only gone on the seven day cruises. <SEP> Uh-huh. They have shorter ones. And then they have ten day ones. But I think seven days is long enough for us. By that time we're ready to get home and get back to our routine. Yeah. I think most vacations uh seven days is enough for us. We've gone. I think when we went to England and France we were there ten twelve days. And that was pushing it a bit. <SEP> Yeah. Uh I tend when when I spend enough money to go overseas. I go for a long time. Yeah. Well that that makes sense it really does. I mean oh we went to Panama too. <SEP> Oh that's interesting. Went to Panama last August. Uh-huh. Our son-in-law is from Panama. <SEP> Oh. And uh we went with our daughter and son-in-law to visit his parents who live there. Uh-huh. And his father is a a doctor. And his mother is a kindergarten teacher. And they took time off. It was their winter. And they were having a little break. So they took some time off that uh they could show us around. And it it is a beautiful country. <SEP> Huh. It is beautiful. They have mountains. We were an hour away from the mountains or an hour away from the shore. That's really nice. And it it is gorgeous. They live in a small town called David which is northern Panama up near Costa Rica. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh it's it's just it's just a gorgeous country. Most people don't realize it. I think if they could get tourists coming to their country they'd improve the economy considerably. Huh. Well may maybe now things are calming down again. That will happen. Yeah. <SEP> We really hope hope so. Well that that's really great. Uh. Yeah. <SEP> I I mean as I said basically all I've done is go back and forth to parents. And uh. Well that that's that's pretty good. That's pretty good. <SEP> And and uh we had my husband had a conference in L A. So we spent a week in L A. And of course. Oh do you like L A? Uh I'm I'm I'm very unusual. I like.
sw2095.txt:All right have you lived in this area long? No. I've only been here a couple of years. Okay. <SEP> Uh but uh I've I've noticed that uh this year it seems to have been a lot warmer than it has in the past. Yeah. It it it's it's a lot warmer a lot drier too because usually about this time of year this you know you see a little bit more rain. I mean by by mid February I mean we start getting a lot of rain. Yeah. Yeah. Well I remember last year or the year before uh we had ice and snow uh uh. But it. <SEP> Terrible ice storm uh around this time of the year. Uh-huh. And uh this year it's been so hot and uh sunny. It it's really quite uh quite amazing. Yeah. Unseasonable. I used to my wife and I we used to live in San Antonio couple years ago. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it was it was I remember the first day of Spring. It was so much ice that came down later on that afte- that afternoon and evening. Um. Yes. It was just it was horrible. <SEP> I was just talking to my son today. He's up in Boston. And it was twenty-nine there. And it was you know in the seventies out here. And it was really uh. Yeah. <SEP> He really wished he could be here rather than there. Yeah. Well um I don't know. I I guess I'm just sort of acclimated to colder weather. Oh really. Um I I like it warmer. I mean I like it you know I like it warm. But it doesn't really matter. I mean I'd I would much rather see it cool at this time of year anyway because it would mean a little bit more rain possibly. But uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I have you know. I I don-. I think it's really been delightful. I come uh I've spent most of my time in in warm weather areas. And uh uh the ice and snow just doesn't uh hold any allure for me at all. Well I spent three years in Germany. So I'm not too thrilled with the whole thing anyway. But I got used to it. It was really strange. I mean when I when when when we came to San Antonio it was just like uh you know it just just swelter. And then we got used to it. And then we went up to Dallas. And it was just. It's it's not not that it's just hot or dry. It's just not very comfortable. It just. <SEP> Her-. Do you you think San Antonio is more comfortable than Dallas. Yeah. A little bit. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> You must well uh. It must be quite a bit hotter down there isn't it? Yeah. My wife and I the last day we were in Florida we my visiting my uh my parents and my brother and sister. We were we were down there. And the last day right before we left we had to I had to ride with my sister. And the air conditioning went out on the car. Oh wow. And we you you just get used to air conditioning all the time. <SEP> Oh yes. And this. It was just. The humidity was like eighty plus eighty percent plus. And it was just killing us. Oh yeah. It's terrible. Orlando is the only place I've ever been where I've seen the car sweat. Yeah. <SEP> I mean that's really bad. Yeah. Well I mean I I I guess I've been in some places you know where the weather was just so mild you know places like Monterey California or you know. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Just you know so mild. And then you've been to such extremes like San Angelo Texas where you just where you walk outside and you sweat. You know you're sweating. <SEP> Yeah. You look down at your arm. But you see the water leaving your arm. It's so hot you just feel it pulling away bizarre. Oh wow uh. <SEP> I know I I tend to I tend to be able to get along with monotony in the weather when it's very temperate. Yeah. Uh it doesn't. Some people say uh they they like to watch the changing of the seasons. But uh I'd rather you know like southern California you know have it kind of sunny and temperate all the time. Yeah. <SEP> So it's kind of a luxury. I tend to agree. But I don't know. I I think in in some in some respects it probably more tolerable. Yeah. Well I guess this the weather isn't as lively a topic as uh as some of the others we might have gotten. No. The other topics. I got one topic. They said talk about the Middle East situ- well. <SEP> I guess we're supposed to say good-bye or something and think about what. My daughter is here prodding me to say good-bye. We messed up the conversation anyway. Well I mean I've had some pretty bad I guess some pretty controversial topics. So it's just like well that was my fault. But then the weather's like. Man I mean it gets pretty mundane. I mean you can only talk about about the situation just so long. Yeah. I know. Weather's just not all that inspiring. Okay. Well it's nice talking to you. Okay. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye.
sw2858.txt:Okay. What do you think are some current trends in uh the way families spend time together based on what you've seen. Um I I think that it's getting to where they're not spending time together. Yeah. <SEP> Um I think uh like in my situation today on a weekend when couples are supposed to spend time together my husband's been off doing his thing all day today. And I've been off doing my thing all day. And I haven't seen him since eight o'clock this morning. Really. So uh. Are you newly married. Or. <SEP> Um two years. Yeah. Same same situation here I've been married about ten months. So. Yeah. I can I can I know what you mean. It's it's really hard hard to find time to spend together when you both work full time and uh you both have hobbies that are different. Yeah. <SEP> You know if you have hobbies that are the same then you know you can enjoy your hobby together. But my husband and I have different hobbies. Is he a hunter and a fisher and all that. No. No. He's a record collector and a Hot Wheels collector. That's we- that's wild. <SEP> Um so he was off today uh looking at at records. Uh-huh. So uh and I was off you know doing you know hou- household type things. You know laundry. Yeah. <SEP> And um did some shopping and stuff. Um from the people I've talked to I don't know if I should bring this into it. But um a lot of the dads said that they would probably choose careers that are more um where they could manage their own schedule. And uh they could spend more time with their kids. Uh-huh. Because they look back. And you know they're all like um kind of regretful I think. <SEP> Yeah. I I think I think that would be the ideal situation. I think that would be the ideal situation. I think that a lot of people. Like in my case I I do shift work. Uh-huh. <SEP> I don't I don't have that choice. Yeah. Same here. Um I have to be at work at at X hour you know at just at at a certain hour. And I can't it's not flexible. Yeah. <SEP> Um it it would be nice to be able to have flexible hours. And and maybe after we decide to have kids I I might find a job that has flexible hours. I woul- I hope so anyway. Um but I would I don't know. At T I is that where you work? Uh-huh. It's really kind of sad. Some of the people that I work with they like when I worked on second shift um their paren- their kids go to school during the day. And then they wouldn't see them at night because they would be in you know at work and the kids are all ready in bed. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so it was kind of like they see their kids for fifteen minutes and the same with their spouses. This relative may work even a weirder shift like weekends or something you know. Yeah. So it was really sad jus- you know that a lot of families um have to well you know have to have dual income. A lot of people choose to which is fine. <SEP> Yeah. But uh you know then the kids kind of suffer. Yeah. I ideally it wo- it would be nice to be able to just have like back in the old days you know back like whe- when I grew up you know. Uh-huh huh. <SEP> Yeah. The the mom stayed home you know and raised the kids. My mom didn't go back to work until I was in junior high school. Yeah. <SEP> Um so she was there pretty much all my you know formative years. Yeah. And that was nice. And I liked that. And I would hope that I would be able to give that to my kids. Uh. <SEP> But I think with the way the future is um economy wise. I don't think it's going to be realistic. I know. Unfortunately that's probably true. Um do you think s- the the parents spend quality time with their kids. Are do you think it's more like watching T V and stuff like that not really uh. I yeah I I think that I think very few spend quality time. I think most of the time the kids are usually off watching cartoons or playing video games or stuff stuff like that. Yeah. <SEP> I think that um uh most most kids that I see don't really they don't really value quality time. Yeah. It's always that way unti- until it's too late. Until until they're older. And then they look back. Yeah. It's true um. What's what are some other questions they have. I'm not sure. I know my parents are growing up. I guess they never spent much time watching T V. In fact I've never seen my mom turn on the T V. We didn't really have one. <SEP> Oh really. Yeah. And and they spent a lot of time like outside with us and stuff. But you know my dad had his own business. And it was easier for them to do that. But I I don't know. It was I guess I didn't realize what a luxury it was at the time. I I think kids now a days are raised on T V. I mean that's that's almost like a surog- T V -s a surrogate parent. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. That's a good way to put it. And not a and not a very good one at that. Yeah. That's a pretty good way to put it. If I had kids well if you had kids what kind of things do you hope to do? <SEP> Um I I hope to of course be able to teach them right from wrong. I hope I hope to be able to spend um their growing up years being in the home you know not having to work. Um and being able to do. Yeah. I I I know a lot of people wh- who um um. I work part-time also. And I. A lot of people that I work for are mothers that stay home. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um and they they do a lot of volunteer work. And they're real active in the community. And um they do a lot of things with their kids that they wouldn't ordinarily be able to do if they were working. Uh-huh. And I'd I'd like to be able to do that. I'd like to be able to stay home and be able to spend time with my kids. Do volunteer work and be in clubs and stuff. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I hope that happens in my case. Yeah. But I think that's for the the few and far between. I think that uh probably ninety percent of the of the um parents out there are are probably working parents. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Huh. And I I don't I don't really see that that trend changing much. If anything I think there's going to be fewer and fewer uh single income families. I know. <SEP> Yeah. And what's sad about that is day cares end up instilling values in your kids. That may not necessarily be consistent with yours. Yeah. <SEP> Exactly. See I I never I don't even know what day care is really all about because I I never went to a day care center. Yeah. I never I never had that kind of experience. Huh. I well I don't even think we had. I don't even remember them being around when we were little. <SEP> Yeah. I I see it seems like that's that's a big trend you know in the last ten years. Day cares have have have popped up and become a lot more um a lot bigger part of of the kids' lives. Yeah. It's like a home away from home for a lot of them. Sure is um. Well. I guess we could ring this off since we we've exhausted all of our ideas. We seem to agree. <SEP> Yeah. I I think yeah I think this is a good closing point. Yeah. So. Well it was really nice talking to you. Yeah. You too. I wish you the best. <SEP> Thanks. You too. Okay. Thanks. Uh bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3720.txt:Okay. Yeah. Donna um you said you have three children. What uh kinds of activities do you spend with them? Is it? Okay. Um we have an eleven year old an eight year old and a three year old. And um uh my husband let's see he coaches basketball with Brian um. Uh-huh. <SEP> So he spends time doing that with him planning and um practicing outside. Uh-huh. Um he's a real sports kind of person. So he plays tennis with with the kids. We all kind of play tennis as a family. Except the baby plays in the playground. Uh-huh. <SEP> We take turns with her. Um uh let's see. We have a computer. And we do a lot of things with the kids on the computer. Um uh let's what else we do. Oh plus we watch a little T V together. We really don't watch I think as much T V as a lot of people. Uh-huh. We don't have H B O. We do get the Disney channel for the kids. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh my kids have a Nintendo which they play. And my husband sometimes joins them with that. Uh-huh. Uh my little girl Jennifer likes to do crafty things. And I'll take some time and do that with her. And of course we always read a bedtime story at night. And even the the older kids sometimes sit down and and will join in and listen to a story. I'm basically the story person because my husband doesn't have. Uh-huh. <SEP> He gets home from work late or whatever. And and usually once in a while he'll read the story to little one. But that's basically my job. Yeah. Um. So do you find it difficult to find time. Or is it pretty natural? <SEP> It is. It is hard because you know at the end of your day you want time for yourself. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> And and it. And that's kind of cutting into your your time. Yeah. And with the kids getting older now on the weekends they get to the bed like at ten which really is late. Uh-huh. <SEP> But you know on school nights the two older ones get to bed about nine. They go upstairs at nine. And um now this weekend we'll have a baby-sitter come. And uh my husband and I will go out to dinner and come home and um probably not too late. Uh-huh. Maybe Brian will still be up and spend some time with him. But it it's really hard. You have to be a very unselfish person to to spend a lot of time with your kids I think. Yeah. Yeah. Do you work during the day? <SEP> Uh no. I don't work. I last year um I had a little part time job in a private um high school tutoring um high school students with learning disabilities. Uh-huh. That was two days a week. And even just those two days just seemed like it was a lot. I don't know how. I admire people that that can do it all. Yeah. <SEP> But with three kids and laundry and keeping the house the way I want it kept it is hard. Yeah. I can imagine. <SEP> Um. Yeah. Even just finding the time to do the grocery shopping and everything. Uh-huh. <SEP> And that's another thing. I'll take one of the kids with me grocery shopping um usually on the weekend. And that's kind of like a special time for just myself and my little girl or myself and my son. And they'll be my helper. And then they'll get to pick out some of those favorite snacks that they get to pick out. So I try to do things like that. Yeah. But it you know it's it's uh. Yeah. <SEP> And then of course they have a pretty um busy social calendar too. Uh-huh. You fit it in with all that that. Yeah. So what do you feel are the current trends in the way families spend time in general you know in America? <SEP> I I think a lot of people a lot of people s- set their kids in front of the T V and H B O and rent movies and and kind of leave them to their own means. Um. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> I think you know it's very very easy to fall into that trap. And I'm not um totally innocent of that because there's times when you just stay here watch a tape. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> But um um I think different parts of the country. I think in Plano and maybe this area in Texas there's a lot of community activities that parents could join in with their kids. People are real sports conscious and really get involved with their kids sports activities and. Uh-huh. Oh that's good. <SEP> You know but um. Yeah. Yeah. Well families are facing a challenge. I know that with. <SEP> What. I'm a newlywed. And we're you know thinking about having children sometime in the next couple of years. Uh-huh. And. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's it's very hard because when you get used to two salaries it's very hard to to cut back to one. Yeah. And um um but you know if you have the type of job. I have a friend that's a nurse. And she can pick her hours. And. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's a a great career. I wish I would have gone into uh nursing. Yeah. Because she has such a flexible schedule. But it's very hard to uh spend time with the children and uh and your husband and do everything at once. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. But I do feel like it's important that you make the time for children because. Well I think it's a big it's a big um responsibility. You just don't have children so that you can continue the lifestyle you had when you were single. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. When you have children you have to say now this is different. And you do have to give things up. I I personally feel that it is extremely important to be with your own child um for the at least for the first two years of their lives. I mean if you can possibly swing it. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Because they.
sw3646.txt:Okay. Uh so what do you think about the school system? Well I think they're they're having a lot of trouble right now. I know my son goes to a private school. But uh I think they're big city public schools by definition are having a a tough time right now just from uh probably from budget cuts and and everything else going on. Uh why did you choose a private school? <SEP> Well I had one that was needed to be able to be moved along at a at a pace a little faster than he was going to be able to be moved in public school. So he's he has been going to private since kindergarten. Public school. Oh has he? <SEP> So. Then how does he like it? Oh he's loved it. He is a senior in high school this year. So he's. So he's been there all the time. <SEP> Yeah. He's done it the whole twelve and uh so many years. And it's been uh it's been really good for him. How big of a school is it? <SEP> Uh overall on campus about twelve hundred but in the upper school upper four grades uh about four hundred and something. So it's maybe a hundred per grade. A hundred per grade that's a good size. Yeah. It really is. Kind of gives them the you know. I get a little leery of the real small ones that they don't get much interaction with kids. But uh. <SEP> Yeah. That was we were kind of looking for one that would be a mixture. And he's done he's done really well. So they don't. That's good. <SEP> And just he was just ahead at an early age. And I didn't feel like uh in what was available particularly in the first three grades. Uh-huh. And even in the fourth grade where they started what they called reach was still a pull out one day program. Huh. <SEP> And I just didn't think that was going get it. I thought he needed to be exposed to a situation where he could push ahead uh every day. But yet still be with his peers age wise. Right. Still enjoy the. <SEP> Right. Uh one thing I think I've noticed is uh my oldest is in kindergarten. So I'm in a little different ballgame. You're just getting started. <SEP> I'm just starting her. But uh seems to me that uh kids these days uh can really get away with murder. And the teachers don't have as much aren't respected as much. And uh they have to be so careful of the things they do and say. <SEP> Yeah. I know. That's a big problem. And uh makes me a little nervous that uh students don't seem to show that respect. And. <SEP> We wouldn't have thought of crossing a teacher when we were in school. No !. Heavens. No. <SEP> Wouldn't have thought of it. And and they'll stand there now with them toe to toe. No. You wouldn't. And. And uh the things they can say and do to a teacher and they do from what I understand uh. I think that's wrong. I think we need to get back to the show some respect. And course I guess the teacher used to warrant that. But. <SEP> Yeah. But a lot of times it's not being taught in the home anymore like it used to be basic respect for for elders and adults and particularly in in responsible positions have not uh I don't think have had that basic upbringing in a lot of cases. Right. For other people. <SEP> And. And so then you wind up with little brats on your hands. Well how do you think that that's happened? You think our society's just uh stopped talking out. Or this uh generation's just kind of changed a little bit uh. <SEP> I guess I. Well the world changes. So I mean obviously kids are not the same now as they used to be. Right. <SEP> I mean they're exposed to a whole lot more things. They have a whole lot more uh variety of things they they're that they see and do at an earlier age. So life is not maybe as simple as it was at one time. But but still I think it goes back to a commitment by the parents to to teach uh basic values and basic uh respectful of uh -ness of authority. Right. And I just don't think that this doesn't always get emphasized anymore uh. That just isn't coming through is it. <SEP> No. I mean I remember uh well it was a big thing when they let girls wear Levi's. We used to have to wear dresses. <SEP> Yeah. Had to wear dresses didn't you? And then you had to a- go to dresses. They had to be a pantsuit. And it was polyester. And it had to be matching. And. <SEP> And when it was skirts it was like get down on the floor. And we hold the ruler up here. Yes. And it's no more than so many inches above the knee. Exactly. <SEP> Yes. Because it was mini skirt time back there at one time. Yes. So it's really changed. It's uh really kind of gone the rounds. So I think that maybe that's effected it to some degree. They say you kind of act how you're dressed a little bit. So I. <SEP> Yeah. I think that probably does have have something to do with it. And it's also. Do uh does this school your son goes to do they uh re- require to wear a uniform. Or. No. They do not do uniforms although one where he was between like second and eighth grade did. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. There are quite a few of your s-.
sw2435.txt:Okay. So what kind of movies have you seen lately I guess? Um a lot. Well the last movie I saw but it wasn't my choice was the NINJA TURTLE movie. Obviously you have kids. <SEP> That's right. Yeah. But my preference is the one we saw before that was SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. I haven't seen that one yet. That's an excellent movie. Um the last movie I saw was uh SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY. <SEP> Oh was that good. I heard. Uh see I'm not a big Julie Roberts fan. Oh okay. But I was a lot I was a lot more impressed with her than I thought I would be. <SEP> Well that's good. It turned out to be a better thriller than I was expecting it to be. Yeah. Yeah. It was a pretty good movie. <SEP> SILENCE OF THE LAMBS kept me on the edge of my seat. I I'm ready to go. It just. It's you know hasn't worked out that way yet. Right. You know it's uh it looks good you know if you like thrillers anyway. <SEP> Yeah. It is. Right. <SEP> And I do. In fact people I've talked to said that they hadn't slept real good for a while afterwards. So. Really. Oh I love them like that. Yeah. <SEP> I'm not. I mean I I like all ranges of movies. But I like that where they run tense. Uh-huh. I really enjoy. They keep me guessing the whole time. It's really it was really interesting. Uh-huh. Well what other movies have you seen then lately? <SEP> Oh. Other than the. I assume you were talking about the new NINJA TURTLES. Yes. The new one of course. Is that any good. I mean I'm sure I'm going to be seeing it because in a week to Amarillo where my sister lives and she's got two boys that I took to see the first one. <SEP> Oh. So I'm sure I'm going to see the next one here real soon. Amarillo. I didn't see the first one. My husband said it was um about the same lines. Oh well then it won't be too bad. <SEP> So yeah. You know it wasn't impressive necessarily. But it was better than it could have been. Right. Right. And I was impressed with the fact that um it wasn't that childish. Yeah. <SEP> You know what I mean. It wasn't. My daughter's five. I mean she understood everything. She goes to almost all movies with us except you know R rated. And she really enjoyed it. But it was on a higher level you know where there were some things that kids didn't understand that adults did. And I liked that. Yeah. I think that's important if you're going you know if you're going uh kids are going to uh parents are going to have to go you ought to make it at least semi- you know semi for them too. Right. <SEP> That's right. That's right. Yeah. <SEP> It's pretty good. But we take her to just about every movie. And she uh she does really good. We've taken her from real young. And she does real good. Like I said we don't take her to R -s. Uh-huh. So if and when we ever get a baby-sitter like we did with SILENCE OF THE LAMBS we go see it. I's about to say you're not going to take her to that one I'm sure. <SEP> Oh no. No. Do you take her or do you go to a lot of comedy movies. Or to. Yeah. Yeah. What was the last comedy you saw? <SEP> Oh gosh what was the last comedy we saw? Huh huh huh. Good question. Good question. We don't get to go that often. But something on the tip of my tongue. And I can't think of which one it was. Uh. Gosh I can't remember. The last uh. In fact I guess this was the last movie I saw. Uh-huh. I said that wrong. The last movie I saw was THE HARD WAY with Michael J. Fox. <SEP> But that that sounds good. Well that really wasn't too bad. There were. You know he's supposed. You know he's this actor right. Uh-huh. And he's playing a cop. <SEP> Right. Or he's hanging around with a cop trying to pick up the stuff. I think he did an excellent job in not being too much of a cop. Oh okay. I mean there there were times when he was like he'd be running with a gun or whatever. He didn't look like a cop when he did it. And I was so impressed with that because you know usually. <SEP> That's neat. The part was hard to do that. Oh yeah. Because I mean everybody grows up looking at these cop movies and trying to you know to imitate them or whatever. <SEP> Right. And uh I thought he did such an excellent job of not going that far. Yeah. Now by the end he was looking more like a cop. But at the beginning of the movie and all through the middle part you know he was trying to trying to get it. <SEP> Right. But he wasn't there yet. Right. And you could tell it. And I guess that I thought was a real good acting and writing job both you know because I think or directing job. I think they did a real good job of that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And James Woods I think is who it was did an excellent job as the cop. I mean you know he just. Yeah. I like him. Yeah. And there were there were some definite um should I say tense moments with him in there. <SEP> Probably the last comedy we saw now that I think about it is HOME ALONE. Yes. I I I had seen it before Christmas. But I took a date to it uh about a month ago. So I I I've seen it the second time not too long ago. So. <SEP> It was really cute. I really enjoyed it. Of course the bad thing about it was uh the second time I saw it I didn't really enjoy it as much. And I was kind of surprised at that. I thought that would be one of those that I would love to watch over and over. <SEP> Yeah. But before. Maybe it's just the idea of my reaction to the first time. I had laughed so hard I was hoarse. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I really was I was hoarse getting out of there. <SEP> Yeah. And maybe I just laughed so hard the first time that I didn't have it. I mean it just wasn't as funny the second time because I had just gone overboard the first time. Right. I don't know. But. <SEP> Maybe so. Maybe so. Yeah. I mean it was it was a great movie though. I loved the movie. Yeah. I did too. I'm looking forward to this summer uh NAKED GUN TWO AND A HALF is coming out. I love those movies. <SEP> I do too. I mean they are just slapstick. Oh yeah. It. You have to see those twice to catch everything. Well you have to see them more than that. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I I I still catch things in AIRPLANE that I didn't catch. Yeah. I mean it's amazing. <SEP> I do too. I love those movies. I do too. I really do. <SEP> So I'm looking forward to seeing that because that looks hilarious as they all do. Yeah. <SEP> Oh yeah. Well we we try to go a couple times a month I guess to see a movie. Uh-huh. <SEP> It it's just getting so expensive. Oh isn't it though. You know but that's at least the good thing about the Texas organization letting you buy the tickets cheaper. But normally we don't think about it until. That's exactly what I was going to say. <SEP> I keep not doing it until after I'm there. And then all of a sudden I'm saying I wish I'd bought these things. I know because we can go spend fifteen dollars just getting in the three of us. Easily. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And then if you want popcorn and stuff it's just I mean uh it's incredible. No. <SEP> Yeah. I don't understand why they charge you out the kazoo for both. You know popcorn is not that expensive. No. Nowhere near that expensive. <SEP> So they get you at the ticket booth and then try and get you at the popcorn and coke. And it it's just the idea that these uh these actors you know live in such lavish style. I mean it's as simple as that. Yeah. We just keep breeding them. Yeah. And as long as we keep paying the money for it they are going to keep paying them. <SEP> I guess so. Now have you seen DANCES WITH WOLVES? Yes. Oh yeah. Oh that was that was an excellent movie. I haven't seen. We're waiting for the video. No. Don't. <SEP> No. Really? Don't. That needs the big screen. Oh. It really and truly does because to get the feeling of like when the buffalos are when they're chasing the buffalos and everything you've got to be where you feel it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh really? You really truly do. Oh. I would. I mean I guess my first instinct was to wait for the video too. But I'm glad I didn't. I really and truly am. I mean that mov- that was one movie I came out impressed. <SEP> Uh-huh. I really and truly did. I mean I have absolutely no problems with them winning seven Oscars. None at all. Right. Normally I'm one of these people that I don't like one one movie taking all the honors. <SEP> Everythin-. Yeah. Yeah. I wanted him to win best actor on top of it. He was. Yeah oh. Like I said I wouldn't given the supporting actresses either one. <SEP> Yeah. But even though they were okay the girl in it. They. Somebody made an interesting observation. Now that I think back on it I'd say yeah I can't believe that either. She was the only indian to have her hair done at all times. You know what I mean you know. It was just too perfect at all times. <SEP> Yeah. That was a mistake that they made. They shouldn't have done it. Yeah. Now the best. The supporting actor he was good. But from what I heard the guy who got it was better. So I you know I can see that. <SEP> Yeah. But oh. You think my daughter would like it? Oh well there are there is one spot that was just a little bit on the gory side. <SEP> Oh okay. But um it's it's. She doesn't mind when we cover up her eyes. Okay. No problems. <SEP> It it's just the idea that there is this one spot where the white man has come by and killed a bunch a buffalo and just stripped its hide the hides. So there's. See that's the one that is the honest to God the one reason I don't want to see the movie is because I love buffalos for some weird reason. Yeah. But well And and of course. <SEP> And I know they're fake. And well yeah. That and plus I mean part of it is the idea that he goes with them on a buffalo hunt. So I mean they are killing buffalos in it. But they don't stress that very much. They really don't. Okay. Okay. And I think it's an excellent movie for. If if she enjoys movies I think it'll work pretty good. <SEP> Oh that'll be good. We really need some. My husband keeps wanting to. It's it's it's a long movie. Yeah. And I heard the video's even going to be longer. Oh yeah. <SEP> They did a lot of stuff that they cut out. I may have to see the video. Yeah. That's true. They said. I hadn't even thought of that. <SEP> Yeah. They said there's a lot that had been edited because of the length and that they wanted in. Uh-huh. So they're going to put it in the video. Yeah. <SEP> And that way you can watch it at your leisure. Well yeah. I kind of like it when they do that because the video like I said. There are certain things you can't do with a video. Yeah. And the idea that they may put a little extra in it I think is a good idea. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Because I mean when you rent a video. Videos of course are not cheap either. True. And so the idea of getting a little extra with it I think is a good idea. Because they they make bundles of money off those things. <SEP> I know it. Isn't that ridiculous. We have cable which helps a lot. Oh I do too. Yeah. But not enough. <SEP> Yeah. We keep holding out you know. Yeah. I'm getting to the point where you know I watch well I watch NICK AT NIGHT.
sw3236.txt:Why don't you go ahead and say what you feel. And then I'll respond. All right. Well I'm uh I'm very guilty of of not doing my part with recycling I'm afraid. We um recently moved here from North Carolina. And they had curbside recycling. And it was very easy to you know to put everything out there. But we don't have it in at least in our neighborhood right now. Yeah. <SEP> And uh so I've been very guilty about not making the effort to to take things where take things where they belong. Well how long have you been here? Well we've been here since January. So we we still feel very new. Well. <SEP> But uh it's working up to a year now. Yeah. So I guess we're old timers compared to some people. Yeah. I think that's a good excuse. You need to get into the the system a little more and know where to take things. <SEP> Right. Yeah. We've been here probably two and a half years. And and we didn't recycle at all before we came. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I think we're doing well. We we save most of our aluminum cans and glass and newspaper right now. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well where do you take those things? Well the um glass and the newspaper we usually take to Walmart. They have um in behind Walmart they have bins. Uh-huh. And then we usually save up our cans and and change them in for money. <SEP> Well where do you do that. Because we've been saving cans for my daughter's choir um. Uh-huh. But I didn't know where to take them. Um there's a place on Parker Road um. It's just over the overpass before you get like to K-Mart. I think there's a a service station there. There's usually a semi truck that has a a person there that will weigh them. And Now they aren't worth much right now. <SEP> Oh. But it's better than nothing. Yeah. So. <SEP> Better than nothing. Right. And what I hear a lot of neighborhoods do have the the pickup now. And we hopefully we'll be getting them in the month of October. Yeah. I. It seems like ever since we've moved here we've been hearing that you know it's coming in a couple of months. Yeah. And I think it's been delayed. <SEP> But. I think it was originally scheduled for February. But the trucks that were supposed to do it there's been some problems with from what I've read in you know the mail that we get. Oh. <SEP> Right. And I can't wait for that. That will be easy. I get tired of newspaper littering the garage. Yeah. It gets to be a bit much to haul it off. But. I feel guilty we don't recycle our our milk containers because they seem like a big waste. <SEP> Well they yeah they they're a lot of bulk anyway. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They fill up the whole kitchen garbage can. <SEP> Right. So I'll be glad when the bins do come. And I think that's when I'll I'll start doing the plastic too. Yeah. It was real easy with the bins. It really was. It was just no effort at all um no more trouble than taking out the garbage. So um. Yeah. I've gotten used to washing the you know the um salad dressing bottles and things like that. <SEP> Right. It's not that big of a deal. And it's nicer to just throw them out. But we can do our part take an extra minute or two. Yeah. <SEP> Well how much do you earn on the cans. I I didn't know ho- what kind of an idea to give her for. Oh when we first were were here it was like we'd take maybe a oh a grocery sack full or maybe two grocery sacks full. Uh-huh. And it would be like two dollars but since last time we've gotten more like a dollar. <SEP> Yeah. So it's gone down. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Which is understandable. I think more people are are recycling. Right. <SEP> Yeah. That's something we we don't really make any effort to. And whatever pop we drink we used to take the boys out for a bike ride and pick up the litter you know the the cans. Uh-huh. And that was kind of fun. But we haven't done that for a long time. <SEP> Yeah. So. Well that sounds like a pretty good project. Well the boys think it's fun plus you get your exercise. And you do get to stop once in a while when there is a can to rest. <SEP> So. <SEP> Oh. But. Well I'll have to keep myself and and ge- get on it. My neighbor across the street um is so careful about recycling. And so I keep telling myself I'll I'll get it organized. But may maybe they'll beat me and and do the city wide first. Well hopefully the bins will be here in this month. And that will spur you on. So. <SEP> Right. Right. I won't have any excuse then. That's for sure. All right well it sounds like we're doing our part and at least starting Trying. Thinking about it anyway. That's all you can do. <SEP> Yeah. But Well um have you. So. Do they time this thing for us. Or do we. Um yeah. You can do it as long as you want. They you know. If it's been long enough five minutes is is when they cut in and say say we don't have any more room for recording. <SEP> You can't chat all day huh. So we can say good-bye now. Okay. It was good talking to you. And maybe we'll get on line again. <SEP> Okay. Thanks Sherry. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2589.txt:Okay. The public school systems well everybody's kno- has known they've needed renovation for years but never really had a clear direction on which way to go with it. Uh-huh. <SEP> The first direction that I can see or I wish I would love to see them go with. Kids learn at different rates. And for too long they've kind of lumped everybody together. You'd learn at this rate. And that's the only way it's going to happen. Yeah. That's true. You've got some kids that'll pick up on it in the first three minutes you're talking about it. And the re- the other fifty-seven minutes you've been talking about a subject you've bored them. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's very true. Um I guess I can relate to that because I have two kids that are opposites like that. Uh one picks up real quick. And the other one doesn't. And you're right they do get bored uh really fast if they already know what you're talking about. What do you propose that they do? What what is your suggestions? <SEP> The educators need to be a little bit more open minded as well as innovative in dealing with uh the various students to get the maximum potential out of the person. Uh-huh. Out of each child. Out of each child. Each individual child. <SEP> Some kids are going to be great with mechanical stuff. Other kids are going to be really into math. Some are really going to be heavy into reading. Right. Instead of pushing the scales too far either direction I mean it's great to be well rounded and hav- be exposed to all this stuff. Yeah. That's. <SEP> But why not hit the points the kid's really interested in? Because if he's interested he's going to study it. And he's going to learn it. And he's going to remember it. That's true. The only I think the only thing that they would argue about that is that you know every child needs to learn every subject. I mean that's that might be the only thing. But I mean I I definitely agree with you. Uh. They need exposure to every subject. They don't need to be masters of it. Right. Right. That's true. Uh. <SEP> Everything I learned about ancient Rome ha- has not helped me anywhere in my adult life. Yes. I definitely agree. There's no doubt about that. I uh I I mean I can relate to that because I'm I'm going to college right now. And I feel like I mean I'm taking this history class. And I mean it's so boring. And I just hate it. And I think why do they make us take this stuff? I mean what does this have to do with getting you know a computer science degree or whatever you know? <SEP> What what type of history class is it that you're having to take? Uh American History. We have to take um like this is like early seventeen hundreds through I don't know I think like mid eighteen hundreds. And then we have to take another one that's mid eighteen hundreds on up to basically present. Well the early ones they could actually combine two two levels of it the one from seventeen hundred til say the end of the Civil War. Yeah. <SEP> Combine that into one. And then from eighteen sixty-five to present. And make that your second step because To a point to a point the bottom you know the early parts of it you're giving the foundations of the nation. Yeah. That's well that's basically what they're doing. <SEP> And but even then they're skimming over. They're very tri- almost trivial with it. Yeah. Oh yes. Definitely. I agree. Yeah. There's. You know I mean if they really wanted to get to the meat of the matter I mean there's they make all these people out to be oh. They were great men. And they're the father of the country and all this. He had just as much dirt on him as anybody else. <SEP> If not more. The man was not a saint. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Any way this this um school system thing. I I tell you I saw something on the news oh I don't know maybe two weeks ago. And they were talking about. I don't know where you're from. But I'm from the Dallas area. And they were talking about the Plano school system that they had one school that uh if the students did something wrong I mean whether it was behavioral or uh you know they weren't learning properly or something. They took these students and put them basically in a closet. With no windows. They had a a table or not a table but a desk in this closet. And they had to sit in there by themselves. Well parents were getting really angry about this because they said Why is my child being put in this closet. Well how is that helping my child you know. And uh the the thing you know. They said Well we're giving them isolation time. And this helps them to think. But a lot of kids. I mean if a child has uh claustrophobia I mean that's just going to terrify him you know. And. If if the isolation concept really works that good why are our prisons overcrowded? Uh that's true. That's true. But no. I mean they were uh I mean. I definitely agree with parents. I think that is a very wrong way to handle uh disciplining a child. Putting them in I mean they were they were call- they called them their quiet rooms or their isolation rooms. They didn't call them closets. But they showed these rooms on uh you know on the news. And I mean they looked like a closet to me. You know with a desk in it a real small. But they said that one of the solutions they came up with was to take the doors off of these isolation rooms. I said now what good does thi- I mean how is this helping? I mean either way. You know I I definitely had to disagree with that. I think that is that's not the way to handle a child you know discipline a child by putting him in a closet. <SEP> Th- the as a part of the revamping of the entire education system on that lev- the public school system I want to see changed too. When I was br- brought up if you crossed the line and you broke a rule bad enough you were going to get spanked. Right. Well then the extreme came in. And now we can no longer spank them. Right. <SEP> So we now isolate them. Yep. Uh. Okay. We've swung the pendulum both ways. Let's find a middle ground. Instead of there has to be some sort of discipline. And there has to be some sort of punishment. Short of physically isolating the child and short of physically hitting the child. Right. <SEP> Well. Let's put him into a situation where okay you crossed the line you broke the rule you're going to have to pay for it. Right. <SEP> But it's going to tax you physically. Uh-huh. I I don't. Have th- I mean in- instead ha- have them pick up around the school yard have them weed a flower bed somewhere on the school yar-. Do something to beautify the school property. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> But you cut you know. The the kid's having to give up his quote play time to pay his debt for what he did wrong. Well. But he's seeing something constructive come out of it. Um I have to. I think one of the positive things I mean one of the things that can come out of uh is not just di- discipline okay? But okay. For instance one of the things they do at uh my kids school uh they have what they call uh caught being good slips. And when the kids are in halls and stuff and if they're being really good I mean just being excellent they're not you know cutting up and so on. They're just standing in line doing whatever they are supposed to. They get one of these caught being good slips. And then when they collect them at the end of each week they get to go to this little what they call their caught being good store. And then they get to spend these like money. Well see to me that's positive reinforcement is much better much better than trying to find ways to discipline kids because they're going to be good and try and earn those things you know to get the positive part of it. I mean they'd ra- much rather go in the store and buy something than be spanked. So they're definitely going to work towards being good you know rather than trying to act up and be bad you know. <SEP> I think that not only applies inside the public school system but in society itself. We've been too long there's been too much negative reinforcement. How much da- like the caught being good slips. How about just the John Q citizen out there on the street? Yeah. Well that's true. I think I think really though. I mean that's one thing that I mean my kids definitely get spanked when they need they need to be spanked. But I really do try to use positive uh reinforcement with them at home also. And it really helps. And I mean they they don't get spanked very often. But they they do when they deserve it you know. But uh I don't think any kid should be exempt from being spanked. I mean I I think I wouldn't mind if a teacher spanked my child. But you know that's just my personal opinion. And that's not going to. I mean I don't think that law will ever change. They are never going to let a a teacher spank a child again. But I don't think. I mean some kids don't get don't get spanked at home. And some kids need to be spanked at home. I mean don't you think? I m- m- most wholeheartedly agree. But I don't know. <SEP> I mean there's a point of over kill. But somewhere in you've got to find an even line. Right. Right. Well there's so many parents that say you can deal with a child without spanking them. Which is true you can. But there are times when a child needs to be spanked. I mean they do things that they need that. Need that shock effect where they equate the shock of being spanked with the actions they did to get spanked. Right.
sw3354.txt:Okay. Well what do you do on your yard? Well uh typical lawn stuff. Saint Augustine uh with a little Bermuda mixed in in some of the sunny areas. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh and really all I do to it is. Uh in fact I didn't even fertilize it this year. I just mowed it. And I I mow it uh you know with a mulch mower so the the particles fall down. Comes back in the yard. <SEP> Yeah. So you don't have any one do your yard. You do it yourself? I do it myself. Yeah. We do too. <SEP> Have a lot of people trying to do it for me. Isn't that the truth. A flyer's on every door every day. Hey I need the exercise. So what the heck. That's right. Well we um we my husband does the same thing. He does the yard. And he wants me to learn how to work the lawn mower. But I keep putting off learning. <SEP> Hey you've got the right idea. That's right. But I had recently gone out and planted mums. We had decided to paint the front of the house about three weeks ago. And so while my husband was painting I went out and bought about fifty dollars worth of mums over at Calloway's. Uh-huh. And put out yellow and bronze. And they're just gorgeous and so then last week my mom comes in town. And she says Well those are going to die just the first frost. <SEP> She said You should have done pansies. And I went Well now you tell me. Yeah. So the first night that around Halloween. And we went out and covered them with a sheet. And they did okay that first night. But the second night we were at the movies and didn't do it. So I guess I've lost them. I haven't gone out to check yet. <SEP> Yeah. I don't blame you. I wouldn't want to look at them. No. Listen. But um the worst problem we've had here with this grass was about the third year we were here. I guess it was about four years ago. And we did not know in August to put down the uh whatever it is for grub worms. Uh-huh. And the next spring I guess in that March every time we would go out and just try to walk on the grass or reach down to pull a weed we'd have big whole patches come up. Have you ever seen it what grub worms do? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And we pulled up almost half of our yard just by raking it. It would just come off in the rake down to the dirt. So we had to go out and resod the whole thing with squares and wet it and put it down and rope it off and everything. It took a lot of money and a lot of time. So the most careful thing we do on our yard every August is put down that Diazinon. <SEP> Yeah. You you think that's what it was huh. Oh yeah. We found them. Okay. Yeah. We found them. We dug under there about an inch. And you could see them. They're real fat little white things. And they said they turn into black bugs in the spring. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Those kind of brown uh Ju- What we call June bugs. Yeah. But in but in the. <SEP> Uh-huh. And some people call them May beetles. Yeah. June bugs is what I'd heard them called. <SEP> So any how occasionally I find them in the flower beds. They said that every yard has some. Uh yeah. But it was a preponderance of them that caused our problem. So that's the number one thing we do whether we fertilize or anything else just because we got burned so badly before. <SEP> Yeah. Well I had some of that problem. But mine was freeze. Oh yeah. That too. Two years ago or last Christmas is that what you're talking about? Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I'm still I'm still replacing that in the back especially under the trees uh you know kind of slow and as you say very expensive. Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I caught Wolfe with uh uh one uh one of the sales where they have those big blocks for fifty cents. And uh I bought about twenty of them. Oh yeah. <SEP> I guess you did too. It's what they've done in the spring or the fall. Uh well I put you know. <SEP> That was late. That was like. Yeah. Because I started to say you can there's different times they say it's okay to do it. Yeah. That was like September I think. Yeah. <SEP> And I had to water it you know. Yeah. Gosh. Keep it damp. Well my. Out here you know we don't have as many trees in Plano. At least the area where. We're over by Collin Creek Mall. And but a lot of the shrubbery that we have in the front like the pittosporum all died. And all those variegated uh things died. So we pretty much go with that dwarf Yaupon and that Yaupon holly. And they just live. <SEP> Yeah. They're pretty tough uh. Yeah. You can you can stand those. Pittosporum is kind of borderline here. Uh-huh. <SEP> And usually it'll do pretty well. But uh you know every once in a while we get one of these really cold deals. Yeah. And it zaps it. Well it's kind of like one of these. <SEP> Oh wax leaf wax leaf ligustrum is the same way. Same way. Uh-huh. That they they warned me of that one finally. And I said You know you need to either read Neal Sperry's book before you shop or get a reputable nursery because lot of places that would are just trying to sell whatever was pretty out there. And we didn't know the difference. And every year we learn one more thing that we didn't know before. Like about these mums. Yeah. Okay. Next year I'll do pansies. <SEP> Your list is growing. And my backyard we had it really nice. And then my husband wanted a Labrador puppy. And so it was about. I guess he's three now. So the first summer he was here he dug up all of my bushes and plants and brought them to the front door and the back door and laid them on the patio. Oh yeah. Oh gee. <SEP> Um. So it's like our backyard is just kind of like. As long as he won't damage it fine. And if he'll if there's anything he'll hurt we just don't put it out there any more. Yeah. Kind of cuts your possibilities for the flower beds. Yeah. Uh-huh. Very much. But uh. <SEP> I had a had a small vegetable garden that uh. You did. It did pretty well. It's it's like on the side the apron of the of the parkway out behind the garage. Huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh our our garages come in from the back you know from the alley. So do ours. Yeah. <SEP> And uh it's it's a little piece of land over there. What did you grow? Well I had uh tomatoes and and uh uh peppers. And I had I had okra. That is amazing. <SEP> And by the fence I had cucumbers which which didn't do real well uh. Yeah. They kind of came out looking like gourds. Well put them in a salad though. And you say well I made it though at least it's mine. <SEP> But I had squash. I had zucchini and and yellow crook neck squash.
sw3201.txt:So do you have any recycling programs there? Um I don't really think we have anything in the works as of yet. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh we're a pretty small town. And uh the closest thing we have are bins like out in front of Wal-Mart that show you know plastics paper liter bottles et cetera et cetera. Oh uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> We've progressed a little bit farther than that. Yeah. Um actually they have uh. Parts of town. It may have even spread all over the whole town. And um they will have these green bins. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's just as standard as a a regular trash can that they come by and pick up and dump. Yeah. And uh just along with a trash can you have this this green plastic bin. And you put your bottles in it and paper and uh you know all those things that wh-. Aluminum. You know anything that can be recycled you just put in that bin. <SEP> Oh. And uh I guess you can al-. And a lot of the restaurants they just have uh places where you can throw away especially beer places where you can throw away green bottles and then the brown bottles. Yeah. <SEP> Huh. And uh oh I don't know. I guess they're you know clear bottles. Yeah. So um you know a lot of people do have those separated. And of course they have the um dumpsters uh the the igloos. <SEP> Yeah. Uh and they have those strateg- strategically placed around the city. Oh. And uh they're they're actually going to extend it I think one of these days maybe to apartment complexes. And uh. <SEP> Oh that would be good. Yeah. Things of that nature. So I guess when you live in a bigger city it it really becomes uh necessary. Yeah. See it's not anywhere near that. <SEP> Uh we you know. As far as our little pitch in to it we do recycle our aluminum cans. Oh yeah. But that's as far as we go. Because I take them to a girl at work. And she goes and cashes them in because you know. I just I can do that for her. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and I don't want the hassle because we have to go to another town to do it. Yeah. Oh really? <SEP> Yeah. Huh. See we don't have anything here in Belton. It's it's a pretty small little town. Yeah. I remember my grandparents and I used to always get out there on the road and pick up beer cans. <SEP> Yeah. And uh. So you know that's about all the that we're doing here. Uh they're uh getting a little bit more on. They need to a lot a more community awareness of just what is it mean to recycle and what can you recycle and what you can't. Because you know not a lot of people do really know what you know what it's for. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. They're doing a real good job of uh separating it here. And of course there you know you have a specific place to put your paper. Yeah. And uh they try to get you to go ahead and separate it. But they actually have the door to door pickup. Um and it's uh I think it started out to be um just kind of a test a pilot project. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it went over so well that they just extended it. And it's almost uh. I don't know if it's done by a private company or not. It may be. But uh they just go around to each uh door and pick it up. Wow that's excellent. Yeah. <SEP> That's good. Let's see. Oh and every year of course the phone books um they tell everybody across the city to uh put all their phone books in uh the uh recycle bins. Yeah. <SEP> Oh. Because you know phone books are pretty. Well for a bigger city they're pretty thick. Yeah. They are. And sometimes you might have two or three. <SEP> Exactly. So uh that's that's a big savings right there in itself. Yeah. See ours just goes in the regular trash. Yeah. <SEP> It just you know there's not a whole lot. Huh. And there are you know some places that will set up you know for old newspapers and stuff. Uh-huh. <SEP> But usually it's it it hasn't caught on yet. I'm hoping it will soon. Uh-huh. Well the thing about newspapers and paper. Recycled paper is actually very expensive. Yeah. So when you see something that's on recycled paper they've actually gone to a lot of expense to do that. It's uh. They're not coming out ahead at all. It's uh it's really a cost. <SEP> Huh. I wasn't totally aware of that. Yeah. So. I mean it it sounds good to the public. But there's really a big cost incurred when you do recycle something. Now aluminum I don't know. They may be coming out ahead. But I know for a fact that the paper uh on that end they're not you know. <SEP> Yeah. It's just good to recycle. But it's uh not to their advantage. Yeah. And it costs less. <SEP> Huh. Well. I can't think of anything else. I can't either. Because we're we're at a very you know beginning stages. Okay. <SEP> So. Uh-huh. We look forward to it to get better. Well I hope you all um uh come along a little farther in the future. <SEP> Yeah. Me too. It was nice talking to you. You too. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw2485.txt:Okay. Well have you ever uh had a family reunion? Yes. <SEP> Oh. And uh let me tell you. This is a really neat thing to do too that they did. I didn't do it. Some of the other people the older people organized it. Uh-huh. And what they did they had uh a book made up. And it was like when our ancestors first came over. <SEP> Oh. No kidding. And then what they did was they asked every family to write something about their family. And like how many kids you had and who you had married. <SEP> Huh. And you know it went through like. And it showed who my uh well who my husband's parents were you know. And who he married and then how many children we had and then like his brothers and sisters. Uh-huh. And it went through the whole family and stuff. <SEP> Oh that's so neat. And it was so good. Oh great. Yeah. But it it really did. You know and plus it's got a lot more people interested in it because you got to participate sort of. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. So so did everybody send in their information and they made a book up about it. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then you could get it at the reunion. Right. And everybody got a book that came to the reunion. <SEP> Oh nice. And it told like uh you know where the first Connallys came over. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And um it told what happened when they got there and how many kids they had. And it just kept coming on up through the generations. <SEP> Wow. So it was really that was really neat. That is neat. And. <SEP> So do you have a big family? Well he does. Oh he does? Yeah. He does. I don't. But uh he has enough relatives to make up for me not having any. <SEP> That's kind of how my husband and I are. I have a kind of a big family. And he just has himself and his brother and his parents. Uh-huh. And that's it. So he had to kind of get used to us when we first started going together. Yeah. That's what that's what happened when I when I first uh met my husband. I said this can't be you know. Nobody can have this many relatives. <SEP> Because a lot of them lived in like a group you know down one highway. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And there was a lake. And they all lived down there by it. <SEP> Oh how nice. And so we were going down the highway you know. And he kept saying this is where my uncle lives. And this is where my aunt lives and my uncle. <SEP> Oh my gosh. And I kept thinking this guy is putting me on. Nobody has this many relatives you know. <SEP> Yeah. So but they really were all there. How funny. And another thing that's really good about uh family reunions is having everybody just cook whatever is their specialty and bring it. At because nobody it seemed like liked the same thing. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh. But you had a choice. And then you got to taste a lot of new dishes and stuff too and get a lot of good recipes. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Where if you said a certain thing and say okay we're all going to have fried fish or we're all going to have fried chicken. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Everybody might not like that. <SEP> Not be able to do it. So did people come like from out of town to the reunion. Or. Oh yeah. Yeah. They did. They came from all over. <SEP> Did you put them up in other people's houses. Or did you have hotel rooms. Or how did you do it? Um they just stayed with different ones of them. They did. Uh-huh. They just came down and like say okay this aunt and Uncle Kip uh all their kids and their grand kids and everything. And then they had it. <SEP> Uh-huh. It had gotten so big that they had it at the church. Oh really? And they had a church service ahead of it. You know and then they had uh uh then they ate out on the ground. <SEP> How nice. And they just brought food with them? Uh-huh. <SEP> Did they just have like over a weekend? Is that how they did it? Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I'm real curious because my family. It didn't sound. I don't think my family is as big as your husband's. I don't think we'd need a whole church. But um the problem is we are all really scattered around. There isn't any one place where most of us live. So if we ever had a reunion we'd kind of all have to stay in a hotel. I mean you know there would be one person who lived there that would have a house. But they couldn't put everybody up. So it I think it would get kind of expensive. But you know what you can do? <SEP> Huh? A lot of these lakes and things if you could find a centrally located like say about the same distance for all of you all to come? Uh-huh. They have these places where you can rent them. And it you know like on a lake. <SEP> Uh-huh. Like uh it's a big place. I mean you know it's got little rooms that separate off of it and stuff. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's not very expensive that way. Oh you mean. So. Oh I see. So everybody could stay together? Right. It's like a they have like a a convention type thing. <SEP> Yeah. A house or something. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then it has little rooms off of it where you know you'd go and sleep at night time. Oh !. But then it has like a kitchenette and things like that. But you. <SEP> See that would be great because then you could spend so much more time together than if you all were in your own hotels or something. Right. And another. <SEP> And then every time you wanted to go eat with somebody you'd probably have to go to out eat or something. It would run into a lot of money. So. Yeah. But they had. That was. You know that. That sounds like fun. What you can do is you can write different places the Chamber of Commerce tell them what you're interested in. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Ask them what they have you know at area lakes and all. If they have something like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Because now every time we plan anything just about we write to the Chamber of Commerce of where we're going because you can find out so much easier that way than try to locate it you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. You get a. <SEP> Yeah. Calling different places can r- really run you up a bill. Yeah. But if you can find a centrally located place where everybody would have to come about the same distance. I mean you can't get it exact you know usually. <SEP> Oh yeah. But uh and then everybody goes to that place. And that is not bad at all. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But they have lot of times they'll have like uh little cabins. <SEP> Uh-huh. And three or four or five families can stay in those cabins because they have you know just the single bunk beds and stuff. Uh-huh. And they can all stay in those cabins. And then you know you can have cookouts and stuff like that. That doesn't cost you as much. <SEP> That would be great. That would be really nice. Yeah. But that's uh you know that's the best way I found because whenever you have something where you go and. <SEP> Yeah. That sounds good. Now we had one. This was before I lost a lot more of my family. But it wasn't any of my immediate family anyway. Because I didn't have any of them left. <SEP> Uh-huh. But um they had uh uh thing where you could everybody could come and meet and go out to eat. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I didn't think that was as good. Because it was like you know you couldn't really talk and stuff like you could when you were at the lake or somewhere you know where you were out. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Right. This was like everybody came into town and went to this restaurant. And you have to sit at a table and just. Yeah. Yeah. And it just. I didn't like that much. <SEP> Well um did you. Was it hard to decide who to invite and who not to invite. I mean did you have to draw a line. Or did the people that had that reunion have to draw a line? No. Like they just. Whoever wanted to come. What they did was Well see what they did was okay they uh they wrote to all the initial people you know the the oldest ones. <SEP> Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Okay. Then those in turn got a hold of these other ones. Uh-huh. And they had like. I think there was four or five different people that would call you know some of them if they didn't have their addresses and all on them. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And you know they told them that what we had to do was when we sent back in our information we had to tell them how many people were going to be coming you know. <SEP> Yeah. Right. And then when they when they talked to us or when they sent us the letter it uh you know to get the information and all it asked you know will you be willing to bring. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you had to check off what all you would be willing to bring. Oh I see. And so really there wasn't any problem with. That's the reason it ended up in a church because I mean there was just so many of them. <SEP> Uh. There. Yeah. Yeah. But it turned out so much better like that. Because everybody knew they knew ahead of time how many people to expect. <SEP> Yeah. Right. Now if there was a sickness or something like that I mean you know you're not going to lose that many. <SEP> Sure. Sure. No that would just be a few. Right. <SEP> But how about like because of divorce and stuff like that? Like my parents are divorced. Okay well. And they are both remarried. And you know there I mean there's. I don't know. Well see then. Okay. If you wanted them both to come then you would put you would have put that down on the list. <SEP> Yeah. And you would have sent you would have been the one that sent their invitation to them and ask for their information. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. So then. To send back to those other people. I I'm kind of like in control over who comes. Uh just from my family. Right. Because once it went to the the oldest people and then they knew who they wanted to invite. <SEP> Yeah. Then they sent their little things to us. Yeah. Okay. It was up to me who I was going to you know whether I wanted my kids and you know my any of my family to come. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> Right. I see. So. I see. That's a pretty good idea to do it that way. And then you know it never did. Like if I didn't want somebody to come then I just wouldn't send them one of the questionnaires. <SEP> Uh-huh. So there really wasn't a problem that way. Right. Right. Right. Well that's a real good idea. Well. <SEP> Yeah. But I tell you what that's the neatest book we've got. I bet. Course we've got we've still got it. And they charged us I think it was like it was like five or six dollars I can't remember exactly you know that we paid for the book to be printed. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And it's not uh it's not a hard back book it's just a oh like a you know folder type thing. Uh-huh. But it has the entire. You know it has everybody that you could ever imagine and some you couldn't. <SEP> How neat. Yeah. I know that's really neat. That's really neat. And it will be something my kids will have you know. Just like. <SEP> I was just thinking of that. What you could tell your kids. Yeah. Because if you stop and think. I don't know if you're like me. But I know very little about before my grandparents. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I mean very very little about it. I just. The thing is I know a lot of stories. But I can't remember who it was about. My grandparents told us when I was growing up and even when I was an adult. They still tell all kinds of stories about their parents and their cousins and their best friends cause they all grew up in New York City. But I can't you know I remember these stories. But I have no idea who it was that was in those stories. Yeah. <SEP> So I mean I couldn't give an accurate. I couldn't tell my kids what you know those people were like. I just remember they had some funny stories. But I don't know who it was. Maybe what you could do if you couldn't get into a full family reunion and you wanted to go back some. Uh-huh. But then usually when you find out some information from like your parents then you can find out from you know you can find somebody else that can tell you something else about these. <SEP> Yeah.
sw2093.txt:I guess um I'm going to school while I'm working at T I. So there's not a whole a lot of time that I've got uh for hobbies it seems like lately. But one of the things that I do when I've got some spare time is I do some woodworking. And that oh I guess ranges anywhere from uh carpentry work to um um some types of furniture and um oh I don't know what you would call them knickknacks I guess stuff you hang on the wall to put a mirror on. And I made some um candle sconces that you hang on the. Yeah. I have quite a few of those that my uncle made. There's something about working with wood that that I enjoy that. I don't know if it's the saw dust or the mess you make or the smell of the wood. But. <SEP> As you know I think it's more like the mess you make isn't it? You don't have to worry about cleaning it up. Yeah. Because it's it's out there. You know I don't have to worry about getting stuff on the carpet except when I track in saw dust. And the wife gets kind of aggravated about that. But then I get the opportunity to vacuum. So I guess I get some of both. What are some of your things you like to do? Well when I have time I do like to sew. Um I had been doing a lot of crocheting. I make a lot of afghans or used to make a lot of them. Yeah. <SEP> My mother was real heavy into crafts. And I would help her with whatever she happened to be doing. And then she would go to these uh arts and crafts shows and sell her needlework. Oh yeah. So a lot of times I'd help her with that. I haven't had much opportunity to work on any other craft stuff lately. We've been trying to start up a business and then trying to get my garden going. Yeah. It's a good time for gardening. <SEP> Oh yeah. It's been beautiful this last week. But. I could do with a little less wind. But I think the the temperature has been pretty good so far for working outside. Yeah. Do you find you do most of your your uh crocheting or your knit work around Christmas time? <SEP> I usually start in the fall. Yeah. And my husband says I do it you know make afghans so I can keep my lap warm. Well that's kind of what my wife says. She enjoys doing it during the cold weather because she's always got something to cover her her legs and feet with while she is working on it. <SEP> Yeah. I know it seems like she. I think she made three this year one for uh my father-in-law and then a couple of brothers and sisters. So those things they take some time to make. Yeah. I found one that's real easy. It's it's um um um. Shoot I can't even remember the name of it now. But you make it in strips. And it's real easy to do. And it's just that it doesn't keep your feet quite as warm because you do it in strips like that. But it's. Well that's kind of like quilting. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I think tha-. Mile a Minute. That's the name of it. Mile a Minute. <SEP> Mile a Minute. Well I'm not sure what she does. I I. First thing that comes to mind is some kind of chain stitch because she starts and goes all the way across you know back and forth until she winds up with this big piece of of afghan. I guess that is your standard knitting isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Usually single crochet would is is always starts it off. Yeah. I know. <SEP> If we have a problem with our connection and get disconnected some time or other don't worry about it. We have a a very small phone company down here. Oh okay. And my husband says that's called rinky-dink. Instead of call waiting or call anything else. <SEP> No. No. We can't have that down here. We get disconnected all the time. Well I guess that's that's one way to end a conversation. <SEP> Yeah. Well it gets a little aggravating. I've got kids all over the United States. And and you know sometimes they get disconnected when I'm talking to them. Yeah. What. Have you started your garden yet? Yes. We planted um potatoes and onions and bell peppers. Um boy. <SEP> Uh what else did I get in there. And jalapeno peppers. Oh yeah. Always got to have those. Yeah. I think I had four uh jalapeno plants last year. I think one of them died. But I I've got s- I've put them I chop them up and put them in jars and usually give them away because I there is no way that I can eat all of those. Nobody else in the family likes them. But always got to the keep those planted. <SEP> Yeah. Oh my husband doesn't like them either. But I can always give them away. Well that's kind of the way I am um. Besides they're fun to grow. I planted uh zucchini last year. Uh I planted four hills of them. I think I had three or four seeds in each one of them. And those things just flat took over. Um it wasn't until late I guess in the summer. Maybe it was because it was too dry. They finally started making zucchini. And I'm not sure when a good time to plant those is if they should be planted early or later. It seems like all I got was. <SEP> Supposedly after the soil warms up. I would think so um. Seems like these all they all went to uh to leaf. And it wasn't until late in the summer they started making fruit. So I don't know if I. Mom would say you planted them in the wrong sign of the moon. You know. Uh-huh. But I don't I hadn't looked at a farmers almanac to find out when a good time for zucchini is. <SEP> I I doubt if zucchini is in there. It may not be. It may not be. Probably the same time the the other squash is though. You think they're later in the year? <SEP> Yeah. Uh. About the same time that you plant okra because it's supposed to be warm. Well that's true. Most of the okra that is growing around higher is is uh later okra. <SEP> Yeah. Well that's about um. We decided this year. Go ahead. <SEP> I'm sorry. Go ahead. Well I was just going to say it's a little over six or seven minutes. So whenever you feel comfortable about concluding well I'm. That would be fine. Oh just any time. Well all right. I guess we'll call this one quits. An and thanks for participating. <SEP> All right. Well I've enjoyed talking to you. All right. Have a good time. Okay. Bye. Bye.
sw3313.txt:Jeri? Yes. We're supposed to discuss crime in the United States and what can be done with it. <SEP> That's a rather rather broad topic. They're usually pretty broad anyway. Yeah. Where do you live? <SEP> Uh we live in Plano. Okay. So that's a. Uh and where you are? I'm in Richardson. So when I heard the topic I was thinking of the thing down at uh Maceo High School in Dallas. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> Right. That is so frightening. It is you know. Uh do you have children in school? No. Mine are already in college now. So I don't have to. <SEP> Yeah. At least when they were in high school it was beginning but not like the rampages. Well I have. My oldest is his first year in high school. So we have all this to to look forward to. And it is really frightening uh to think that you can't even send them to school in safety. I mean certainly you know you can't just turn them loose in the middle of Dallas. But you know when you can't even send them on their normal activities in safety it it's really frightening. That's true. <SEP> And uh I really you know. They're coming down on the principal. But I really don't know what they can do. I mean it's just in so much of society with the violence. And the kids having access to weapons and drugs. And I I really don't know what what can be done. Yeah. Well I just I just don't understand how of course in my little world how guns could be so available. Well I don't either. But apparently they just really are. Uh I mean to me in Plano you would think that would be about you know about as innocent as you could get for for being in a a large area. But you know my son comes home and tells me that you know he hears kids talk about having guns. And uh someone came to his football practice about two weeks ago with a gun. Oh my heavens. <SEP> And I mean it just scared me to death. And you know they called the police. And and nothing happened. But my goodness you know it it could have easily. Well maybe that's the answer to crime is getting more prosecution. Maybe so. You know because I don't. Now I somehow I feel we're living in an impartial society as far as people seeing something happen you know across the street or seeing someone get mugged or unfortunately raped. And people don't do anything. <SEP> Yeah. A woman was raped in Richardson I read in the paper oh about a two weeks ago now. And all the neighbors said they heard her yelling for help. Oh no. But nobody nobody did anything. <SEP> I just can't imagine that. You know I mean they heard someone calling for help. Nobody even called the police to say you know I hear a strange screaming. Right. I'm afraid you know if you. I don't blame people with today's society about going out to help themselves. <SEP> Right. Well I can see you know especially if you heard screams from a house or something not going over there maybe because you know it could be dangerous. But certainly I can't understand not calling the police. Yeah. I. I just you know. It's it's really frightening that we're not we're trying to live in our own little cocoons. And probably one of the best things we could do for crime is to participate ourselves in its prevention. <SEP> Right. Well I I think you're right there. I guess people just kind of keep their noses pointed in their own business. But I think that's real dangerous. And uh I don't know. I try to tell my kids just just kind of be aware of what's around them you know. And if you see a situation that looks like it could be trouble just get out of it or call for help whichever. Yes. But uh. Yeah. Well you know the call for help is what scares me now because it it just. I don't know. People just don't. I don't know. I can't say they don't care because people just have to care about another person. <SEP> Yeah. But it's that not getting involved that impersonal society I think we live in today. Well maybe this thing with with the child at school maybe that will make people think a bit more and you know take some steps to to correct it. I don't know. It's it really is is frightening. Yeah. <SEP> I uh. Let me ask you. Getting back to your son's football practice because it really sort of astonished me that police aren't doing. He didn't have a license for the gun correct? I don't know. I mean I don't know the details. This was not a child that was on the team. It was someone that uh show- you know just kind of showed up at the field. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh it was a a student age person. But I'm not even.
sw3580.txt:Uh well uh to begin. I guess uh space is uh real important I think. So it's real vital to the future of not only our kids but every generation until the end of time I guess. So. Yeah. I I agree. Uh. <SEP> It's definitely new frontier stuff. So uh. But uh I'm not too up-to-date on the space on the space frontier. But uh I guess they're going going pretty far into it now. Um Star Wars is not too far I don't think. But uh. <SEP> I I I worked on some of it at T I once upon a time. Oh have you. Yeah. So what do you know about it. <SEP> Well actually I'm I I'm quite versed lately. I get on a computer network all the time. And people are talking about about the current space program all the time. They're talking about new rockets that they're designing now that you know are just like science fiction you know. It's like they take off you know. And then they land with the with the you know. The afterburners are going you know not like space shuttle landing you know gliding down but straight down to the landing pad. Really. <SEP> Oh my gosh. Yeah. It's called V C X or something like that. Also called Delta Clipper which is a decent name for something like that. Wow. <SEP> Well I don't know. You think you'd you think you'd uh go up in space if you had a chance? Oh yeah. Do you. <SEP> I think I would. I think that'd be neat. I think I would just sitting here talking about it. But if the time came it'd be real nervous. I'd be scared. Scared me worse than Six Flags roller coaster. That'd be pretty hairy. <SEP> Well you know I had a car uh uh a tire come off of a car. So you know I like I know what it's like to. Yeah. Imagine. Depending on what was left of my technology to get me home. Right. Right. So well I guess they're talking about people going to the moon and stuff now wherever. And opening up those stations whatever filling them. <SEP> Yeah. They're talking about doing that again too. Uh-huh. I don't know if we'll ever see that up there. <SEP> Well at least we're going to have a space station supposedly in the next few years. Oh really. Yeah. And they're going to put. That's all beyond my imagination really. <SEP> Yeah. But science fiction books. I mean you look at the Jetsons you know cartoon show and it's not too far fetched what what they all had in those cartoons. So you never know. Oh yeah. Yeah. Any of that stuff from the Jetsons from that cartoon that you would never imagine would come become possible and now you we have a lot of those. So. <SEP> Uh-huh. So you never know what what may occur. But as far as me seeing it you know I don't know. Yeah. <SEP> I don't know. But I think it's real vital important for the future you know generations to come. Uh-huh. So. <SEP> Yeah. I uh. It's it's it's something definitely that uh you know. It's it's uh got the extra little oomph of interest. Yeah. Uh. I'm sure it'll draw a lot more interest too once it becomes you know like it's more possible. But when they start showing the drawings and all that I'm sure you know when they. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I wish uh. Like uh Boeing or McDonald Douglas or something like that was supposed to buy uh a space shuttle sooner or later and just make it you know purely commercial. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they'd go up you know and do things. And. So did they scratch those uh that Star Wars deal you know they one we was all worried about Russia and all that? <SEP> Oh. No. It's still probably going. But I don't know whether it it research will go on. Yeah. But the economy the way it is all over they probably cut back on on that because it's not. <SEP> Oh yeah. Well they're they're going to be cutting back so much on just you know the number of troops we've got in Europe and the number of troops we have here. Right. <SEP> Yeah. I know. And then. But uh Russia's still going to have missiles. They're still going to be subs and things. Yeah. And we don't know who's handling them now. <SEP> Yeah. So that's a whole different story now. Latest I heard it was just going to be Russia that Russia itself that was going to have them. Oh really. <SEP> At least that was you know that's what everybody says. Oh yeah. Yeah. We want only Russia to have them. Uh-huh. And now they're saying Yeah. Yeah. You're a republic. You don't want those. You don't want those. Some crazy hit man over there so with those little republican- republics or whatever. <SEP> They splitting it all up now. And one of them crazy crazy guys get a hold of it. Uh-huh. You never know. <SEP> But that the guy that's taken over for Gorbachev he's supposed to be he's supposed to be on our side isn't he. Pretty much. <SEP> One hopes. Uh-huh. I think we went through him though to get to Gorbachev on a lot of subjects. So. <SEP> Uh-huh. But that way you can't never tell that. Yeah. Kiss some butt. But but uh. <SEP>
sw3152.txt:Well my favorite type of music is classical music. And uh I I enjoy orchestral classical music. And I enjoy classical guitar and classical piano you know. And that's those are that's my favorite type. Well. Uh probably the favorite instrument would be uh the violin. <SEP> Oh well my favorite well. I I don't really have a favorite. I I like everything basically. Um I guess if I had to pick it would be like pop I would think. But I like everything. So it's kind of hard to choose sometimes. Yeah you know. I guess I enjoy I enjoy jazz listening to jazz sometime although I don't feel like I have a good g- good understanding of it or a good a good feel for maybe what's good jazz and what's not. But but um I enjoy it. And uh sometimes I enjoy listening to uh fiddle music. Uh-huh. We were in Colorado recently. And heard this these uh well we heard this fiddler. And we bought his we bought his tape. And it's kind of fun to listen to the fiddle pans. <SEP> Yeah. So. I grew up next door to uh the Richardson Symphony Orchestra leader. So. Oh Chris Xeros. <SEP> Yeah. Oh you lucky thing. So we used to go and listen to them all the time. And my parents still do. Yeah. <SEP> So I grew up with a lot of his music and and what not. Plus my parents are well. Especially my dad likes a lot of classical music. And he introduced my brother and I both to a lot of it. So. Oh gosh. Chris Xeros. You grew up with his children too then? <SEP> Yeah. Oh gosh. Sure did. Gosh. Small world huh? <SEP> Yeah. We all went to high school together. And uh and we're still in contact with each other. Oh. We all go back to parents' houses on the weekends and what not. So. Oh gosh. Well actually I used to play in the Richardson Symphony. I played violin in the orchestra for several years you know. <SEP> Oh really? Yeah. So. It is a small world isn't it? Yeah. Small world. So I uh I know Chris. <SEP> Yeah. He's a pretty nice guy. Most of the time. Yeah. Well I never I had to work for him. And I never would want to work for him. So. No. No. Well life just took different turns here. So uh it just didn't work out to do that now. So he's he's about ready to retire another year. And he. <SEP> Yeah. He sure is. He just became a grandfather. Yeah. I heard that. It's it's daughter it's his daughter that. Uh uh-huh. Yeah. They just had the baby's christening. So. Oh. <SEP> It was really nice so. Was it a boy or a girl? He's a little boy. Yeah. What did they name him? <SEP> I can't. It it's a. Oh gosh. It's like Elijah or something like that. Oh. I keep forgetting what what she named him. Oh. <SEP> His middle name is Chris or Christopher for for her daddy. Of course. But I think it's Elijah. Oh. <SEP> It starts with an E. Yeah. Yeah. I can't remember. Oh so you've heard the Richardson Symphony? <SEP> Yes. Yeah. Yeah. We've heard them and liked liked it real well of course. Do you have a favorite instrument? <SEP> Um actually one of my favorite instruments is a harpsichord. Yes. I really like those. In fact I had a harpsichord played at my wedding. Oh did you? <SEP> Yeah. Oh. Which was real nice. I got married uh during the Christmas season. And we played uh old fashioned Christmas carols instead of normal wedding marches and what not. And it was real nice. I liked that a lot. Oh. <SEP> I liked the sound of the harpsichord. And it played by itself? No. Somebody played it. Well I mean but you didn't have oboe or something with it? <SEP> No. No. No. No. No. Just by itself. Just by itself. Yeah. Oh. It was real nice. Well that's really yeah that's I bet that was nice. <SEP> Yeah. It went well. It was a change you know from your traditional normal you know stuff and since it was Christmas time and and uh we had the church decorated with Christmas hollies and poinsettias and you know stuff like that. And so we did the harpsichord with old-time traditional Christmas carols. Oh. Not not you know the bouncy you know sing along kind but some of the old older ones that. Right. <SEP> Right. Some I don't even I recognize the the melodies and whatnot. But I didn't recognize the name. Right. <SEP> So it was real nice. Well actually I play I play the violin in in a string quartet that often plays at weddings. Um. So um I always think it's a nice break from the traditional organ or piano. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it makes it makes it nice. It makes you know you can say classy. Or it makes an elegant wedding to have something else. It does. <SEP> It really does. And it has such a different sound to it anyway. It's almost. I don't know the way it vibrates. It's kind of haunting you know on on some of the notes. It it's. I I like it. Oh. I don't know how else to explain. But we've got friends that are in the music business that go around Dallas. They're uh called Odessa. It's a husband and wife team that we've known for years. And uh we try to make contact with them periodically to see what's going on and stuff too. So we've had a lot of stuff you know friends and and things to do with music that constant. Plus my husband's real big into music too. So. He doesn't play anything. But he just likes to listen. Yeah. <SEP> And my dad and. My kids are now well. My oldest is getting to the point where he likes certain types of music and favorite songs and when they come on we have to turn the radio up full blast. And. Oh. Now does does the school in in your in your city. Does it does it offer like band or some of the instruments? Yeah. Well my my oldest is only nine. Okay. <SEP> So h- he hasn't really gotten into um that yet. They have choir that they go to you know music class that they go to. Right. But um he's not old enough yet to get into the band yet. Right. <SEP> So. Right. I think that starts in sixth grade. Probably. Oh. <SEP> So. Gosh. But I don't know. He he's he the only thing he's shown interest in wanting to play is the drums. Cause his my brother plays. And um I don't I don't know if he's really serious about it yet or not you know. It's just one of those things I'm just going to wait and see if he's interested in something you know. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Right. You got a little ways to go too. Right. Yeah. Just a little bit. Hey oh. Well my well my oldest is eight. And and she's we've started her on piano. So uh. <SEP> Uh. But that's been it's been fun. I mean it's a lot of work to see that she's prepared. But it's been fun. It's been fun. I feel like I've learned a lot about the piano. I've learned a lot about playing the piano. Really? And uh it kind of makes me listen a little closer to to the piano when I hear it at other places or when I you know see some see and hear someone playing. I sort of watch their technique too and and see if it corresponds up to what she's learning. <SEP> Yeah. So it's been fun. I don't know if any of mine will be interested in it. Or.
sw3365.txt:Hi. This is Donna Donahue. Hi Donna. Hi. <SEP> Ready to get started? Uh yeah. I think so. Okay. Sort of an interesting topic since I just got back from lunch here. Okay. Well what did you have for lunch? <SEP> Oh it was uh it was. I'm an officer in the Air Force. Oh. And we went to the Officers' Club for a little Mexican food. Today. Yeah. Oh. Well that's interesting. <SEP> Okay. So our topic is is food today. Is that. Yeah. Okay. <SEP> If you're having a dinner party what what would you serve? Okay uh. Do you want me to go first? Sure. Okay. If I was having a dinner party I would probably um have some um some uh um some fruit to start with with some apples sliced up and maybe some cheddar cheese and crackers and grapes and um probably serve maybe some wine and beer and maybe have some uh uh salsa and chips around and peanuts. And then I would have um let's see. I usually have like a little theme when I have a dinner party. So. Um I would have maybe um say if it was like Greek night or something um maybe um on the barbecue we'd put uh cubes of lamb or I guess lamb used for Greek. And um like a shish kabob and um mushrooms and tomatoes and onions. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then we'd have um like a big Greek tossed salad kind of like a Caesar salad. Uh-huh. And um let's see what else. Um maybe some rolls and um I guess some uh some rice or something like that. How does that sound? <SEP> Jeez. Well well when is the party here? Yeah. Um yeah. That would take some planning. But. I don't know. Being a being the bachelor here that I am I I don't think I'd I'd be a- b-. I mean it it's not a question of capability here to do something like that. It's just there's there's no motivation. That's right. <SEP> You know I want to I want to throw some charcoal on the grill and and throw a steak on there and some baked potatoes and stuff like that. But um. Well that sounds good too. I have um I have three kids. Uh-huh. So um when we have friends over I have my oldest kind of baby-sit for the little two younger ones upstairs. And um usually we just have very plain kind of you know interesting not very interesting meals. Pizza and that all. <SEP> Uh-huh. So once in a while when we do something like that it's kind of fun. But it's not a not a regular thing. Yeah. Um Now are we supposed to talk for about five minutes. <SEP> Yeah. Is that. It? Okay. Yeah. That's what they they are shooting for here. <SEP> Okay. Um let's see now. Wh-. Okay. So you would have a barbecue wouldn-. Well I live on a I live on a lake here. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh so it. And then during the summertime it's real nice to be able to entertain outdoors. Oh sure. Like that's a little more a casual thing. But in mine the wintertime it's not bad too because then I've got a a fireplace and a nice nice house and all that. So we sort of a really good place to do entertaining like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh that sounds wonderful. I just haven't uh really tried a whole lot. But uh I don't know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Let's see. I have had well one time I did have a dinner party. I served a uh uh. I had a gang of people over and kind of made a fried chicken thing and biscuits and kind of southern uh southern food even though I'm up here in New York. Uh-huh. So. Oh you are in New York right now? <SEP> Yeah. Oh. I'm I'm in Texas. I didn't know this was all from all over the whole country. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh I see. <SEP> It is. It's. And I'm fr- originally from Long Island. Oh no kidding? Yes. And now where are you in New York? <SEP> Upstate. Oh upstate. Rome. In uh Griffins Air Force Base. Oh okay. <SEP> Oh okay. Is that where you you are originally from around there? Well I was born in Buffalo. Oh okay. <SEP> And uh been all over the place. Oh wow. That's interesting. Okay. Let's see. Um well I like to have um sometimes when I have a dinner party I'll have um everybody bring something. Yeah. And that's real interesting because then you get different um different kinds of foods and new recipes. And um uh sometimes somebody will be bring something that you really like. <SEP> Right. And get the recipe from them or whatever. And we are just getting interested in in Mexican food. Because here in Texas they have lots of really good Mexican restaurants. Uh-huh. And um we're we're just getting into the fajitas and all that stuff that you could. <SEP> Sure. Do you know what a fajita is? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> I've been down to Texas a few times and uh had uh the pleasure of their good Mexican cuisine down there. Okay. Yes. <SEP> They have some delicious delicious things. And I um. Since I always make chicken burritos and just take chicken breasts. Uh-huh. And you boil them maybe like four chicken breasts. And you boil them until they are cooked. Maybe like thirty minutes. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then you debone them and and kind of shred them up into the meat that has gotten cooled. And you take um s- little bit maybe two tablespoons of butter and a fr- in a big frying pan. And chop up some onion and put in oregano and salt.
sw3557.txt:You think about AIDS research? Well AIDS is a nasty terrible disease. And you die from it. So I think that uh they need to look into it. And it's kind of like cancer. I don't you know. How many years have we tried to find a cure for cancer. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think it'll probably be as difficult. Uh how about yourself. Um well I'm certainly in favor of AIDS research. And I think probably the government could spend a bit more money on it than it does. I think that. Because besides the fact that it's a deadly disease that it's a contagious disease so that it's um. Although it is not killing that many people now it still has the opportunity to get out of control and become a huge problem. Yeah. They say a million people are infected with the H I V virus. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh yeah. I think. That's in the world or in America? You. Uh in the country America. Oh really? <SEP> Yeah. Um that's. And they have millions. Whose figure is that? <SEP> I don't know. I've just heard it on the radio. Okay. Sometimes you hear things that on the radio that you know could be true or couldn't be. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh do you feel like this is. I I guess they're spending a billion or so a year on this AIDS research. Uh-huh. Do you think they should spend more? Uh I I think they should actually although prob- perhaps not a an incredible amount more than what they're doing. And I don't necessarily think that they should uh fund AIDS research and in the process neglect cancer research or whatever. I think that it would be a good thing for the government to increase funding for medical research in general. <SEP> What do you think Doug of Mister Johnson? Um well I well I am sorry that he has the virus. Magic? I um I don't know. I don't I think it's very strange that the media hasn't um questioned him more strongly to about gay sex or intravenous drugs or anything like that as they probably would for a lot of other people. <SEP> Do you think he's the hero that he's being called by a bunch of other a bunch of the media? Um well not not really though I mean I think he's probably doing the right thing for a man in his position. But I don't think it's anything exceptional that he's doing. It's what many people have done already who were just less famous. You know I took advantage of the opportunity when you know he came out. I talked to my kids about it you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's something that I hadn't hadn't done before. Uh-huh. Uh. Well that's good. <SEP> I'm glad that Mister Johnson's changed his tune on uh safe sex to abstinence. Or I was glad he did that for young kids because a lot of kids would have ended up dying because of what he was promoting. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh let's see. What are some of the other questions. Uh you don't uh. Let's see. I don't have any friends that have the disease. I guess you might might not. Um yeah. I do. My cousin does for instance. Is it pretty nasty? And um. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It is. He's actually um. He had AIDS related complex for a while. And he is now in full-blown AIDS really not doing very well and has a brain tumor or some- that sort of thing. Yeah. It sounds awful. Yeah. It's it's a very nasty thing. <SEP> Is it just that the immune system ceases to function properly. And. Um yeah. That's that's basically it that um the immune system can at first slow down. And the white blood cell count goes down. Which is that's AIDS Related Complex. But then when things get completely out of control and it basically hits bottom that's AIDS. And. And in that case you know people are prone to getting any kind of you know weird cancer that only animals got before. <SEP> Oh really. And. Yeah. That sort of thing.
sw2678.txt:Uh so Jack what type of music do you like? Well I like uh classical and uh sort of uh popular rock type music. Uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I enjoy classical too. I never really had listened to it till I I got married. Oh. And and my wife uh enjoys it. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I had never listened to it bef- till then. But now I listen to it well whenever she does. And even every once in a while I put it on myself you know. Yep. Um wh-. <SEP> Yeah. I I used to play the piano. And I like uh Bach and Um sort of the baroque music Handel and uh Vivaldi and those kinds of. Oh yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh yeah. See those those are really nice. I like those. Yep. Yep. Though I I couldn't tell you anything about them other than when my wife says This is Bach you know. <SEP> Oh. Yep. Yep. Well I you know I don't I don't know all that much myself. I just I just know when I hear it that I like it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. That you w-. What you like. How about popular music? Yeah. Uh whatsever's on the radio is is usually okay with me. But um sometimes I have a hard time unders- you know hearing the words clearly if I'm in the car and there's noise and stuff. Um. Yeah. <SEP> So. It's mostly just the tunes. Yeah. I'm pretty much the same way. You know people always say Wow ! Th- the meanings of those words. <SEP> Yeah. I know. And I'm always meaning? There's wor- well you know. I just thought they just all sort of rhymed you know. <SEP> I know. I know. About the only thing I can remember after the song is over is the refrain. Right. Yeah. That whenever they say it two or three times. Yeah. Yeah. I'm the same way. Yeah. It's funny uh depending on where you live. I I I commute back and forth between Baltimore and a rural town called Salisbury which is two and a half hours away. <SEP> Uh-huh. And the difference in the radio with popular music is totally different you know. Uh-huh. When. <SEP> Oh really? Yeah. Because Baltimore will play more uh what might be considered m- a little bit more progressive? Uh-huh. And as soon as you go down to Salisbury this town that's you know uh two and a half hours away in the suburbs or whatever uh in a real rural Balt- uh Maryland they it turns into ber- basically classic rock. <SEP> Yes? Yeah? And they don't you know. <SEP> Oldies or what? Yeah. Mostly oldies. Yeah. But classic rock you know with. If you know like when the Doors movie came out you know Doors was really on the radio there you know. Where you know you'd hear was- one or two of their more famous songs maybe top forty in Baltimore. <SEP> Uh-huh. But in Salisbury you woul- that's all you would hear was This is the Doors ! you know. Oh yeah. Yeah. So it was sort of a funny thing. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. There's a big variation among the country. I mean if you go down south country music and. Y-. Yes. That's. I'm starting to realize that. I never really thought about that much. But there is. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I never I never I didn't. So. I I lived in Pittsburgh before Baltimore. And I didn't I never really noticed the difference when I moved to this area? <SEP> Uh-huh. I really didn't notice at all. It just seemed the same. Yeah. But when I went more rural you know that it really changed. <SEP> Yeah. So. Yeah. Chicago has a lot of good stations uh. Oh does it? Yeah. <SEP> Yes. Uh in fact they have they have a continuous news station which is nice if you're driving and you want to h-. Yeah. Now you don't have to wait till the hour mark. It's it's it's sort of constant. You just turn there. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh you get the latest news and everything. It's uh it's sort of like C N N you know. You turn on your T V. And it's on. Right. Yeah. Boy that would really be beneficial. So yeah. Because you never hear the you never hear the news basically on the radio. I never get it. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. You know and if you don't if you don't read the paper you sort of fall behind if you're in the car all the time. Yep. <SEP> Yep. Yep. Yeah. That's pretty good. So. Yeah. I like to listen to tapes uh of music or or um stuff on a long trip. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um now you can even get books on tape um. Yeah. Yeah. On fact my uh my grandmother does that a lot because she's blind. <SEP> Uh-huh. Or what- she's losing her sight or whatever. Yeah. But. Yeah. That of in. I can imagine you know if you're driving cross country you know uh listening to a story. <SEP> Uh-huh. S-. Lot of the classics are really on tape. Right. <SEP> Yep. Yep. Yeah. So that's a lot of fun. But. Yeah. That's that would be good. <SEP> Yep. Well we strayed a lot from music. Yeah. I guess so. Well. But I but I guess music comes into that whole aspect of listening. So as long you're listening. <SEP> Right. So. Right. Yep. But if you do if you do have to go something I guess we can just cut off. <SEP> Yep. Okay. Well Jack it was nice to talk to you. Yep. Nice talking to you Tom. A- and good luck. And I hope you get some more calls and make some more calls. <SEP> All right. Good. Bye. Thank you. Bye bye.
sw2548.txt:What kind of a car do you drive now? I drive a Honda Prelude. Do you? I drive a Honda Accord. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. I bought mine a year ago. So I'm not buying a car any time soon. Yeah. Me either. I just bought mine uh. It will be a year in August. <SEP> Yeah. I love it though. I love Hondas. Yeah. It. I think I found my car. <SEP> Well I I like where all the controls are they're they're in good spots. Right. And I I have an automatic I can't drive a standard. Oh really. <SEP> Yeah. I have a standard. But um. I. It's an it's supposedly real reliable. The only thing I've ever heard about Hondas is that the breaks go out first. Oh really? <SEP> Yeah. I hadn't heard that. Yeah. What did you have before you bought that. <SEP> I had a Buick Regal. Did you? Yeah. I had uh a Mazda R X Seven before that. And that was the worse car I've ever driven in my life. <SEP> The Buick was was great. It was nine years old. And it was still going strong. Really? The only problems I had with it in the nine years that I owned it I had to replace the compressor when it was about seven years old. Really? <SEP> And that was the only major problem that I had I mean. I had like little piddly things like I had to replace the muffler. Yeah. And I had replaced the tires. And uh seems like it had a radiator leak once. But I never had any major anything other than the compressor. Right. <SEP> I really never had anything major with my Mazda. But it was a standard also. And the clutch went out on it toward the end. I had it five years. And the last year last two years it seemed to go out really easily. I think it went out twice in two years. And that's that's a lot. It shouldn't go out that much. Huh-uh. And so I went ahead and bought another standard when I bought the Honda. But I don't think I'm going to do that again. I think I'm going back to automatic now. <SEP> Well I never well. I kind of know how to drive standard. But I've never owned one. So I hadn't I don't drive one a lot. Right. So I don't feel comfortable in traffic with it. Right. <SEP> And for everything I've heard it's a lot easier to sell an automatic. Yeah. It is. And and resale value is really important to me. That's true. <SEP> Yeah. It is me too. That's why I got the Honda. Yeah. Hondas have great resale value. <SEP> Yeah. The Mazda definitely did not. Not at all. They're worse than American cars I think or just as bad as far as resale goes. I did pretty well with my uh Regal because it was in really good shape. But it still looked real nice. Yeah. <SEP> The the interior was still really nice. There wasn't cracks all over the dash board and stuff. Right. And it had some some nice features. So I ended up okay with the Buick. Good. <SEP> And I anticipate the same thing with the Honda whenever I decide to sell it. Of course I may never sell it. Right. I may drive it until it's dead. But. Yeah. That's what I did with the Mazda drive it until the until the clutch went out and the wheels fell off. <SEP> Yeah. So probably what I'll do again. Yeah. But I really like the Hondas. I like foreign cars a lot. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well. I looked at the Mitsubishi Galant. I was looking for a four door car having driven the R X Seven so long. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it was so small. And it's really impractical. So I wanted something with a real trunk and four doors something easy to get in and out of. And I looked at the Galant. And those were really nice. And I can get them for a great price. Yeah. But I found it hard to deal with the the dealership I was going through. <SEP> Oh. So that's how I ended up with a Honda. I wasn't even looking for a car when I bought this car. I uh I was thinking about buying a Prelude from a friend who was moving to New York or something. So and she was going to sell her car because she didn't need it anymore. And it was only like a year old. And I had never driven uh a Prelude. So I went to a dealership because they had like uh the same year and same model of Prelude on their used car lot. Right. <SEP> And I went and I test drove it. And you know I just fell in love with this brand new white Prelude uh you know two liter S I with the sun roof and the moon roof. Oh yeah. They're nice I think. <SEP> And I bought it loaded. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I have to have them loaded. <SEP> Oh. Um I love all those little things that you don't need. But they're so wonderful. Yeah. I went there looking at a used car. And two days later I bought this car. <SEP> I felt like I felt like that was the worst impulse that was that was largest impulse that I that I had ever made. The oth- the two other things that I bought on impulse are a V C R and a washer and dryer. I understand. <SEP> I go for the big stuff. Yeah. I noticed. Mine was definitely not impulse. I really needed a new car. Mine was just it was getting worn out I guess from being a sports car. I drove it kind of hard. <SEP> Oh. And I got it right after high school. So by the time I traded it in it was ready. Yeah. I got I got my Buick as a high school graduation gift. Ready to go. <SEP> Did you? Yeah. But I I guess this wasn't really an impulse I mean. Buying it right then and you know right quickly was kind of impulsive. But I'd been thinking about buying a new car for about three years. And I was just scared to. Right. <SEP> I was scared to start taking on payments because the Buick was long since paid for. Right. That's the same with me. Would you ever buy a used car for a new car for yourself? Buy a wha- ar- you buy a used car? Like. <SEP> Right. Sure. I I was going to buy one once. But I just I worry about who's driven them and what they've been through and the warranties and things like that. <SEP> Yeah. Just I can't seem to get over that. That just bothers me. I don't know why. Well um like on Hondas they. Supposedly the maintenance records was supposed to be registered with Honda or whatever. And you can request whatever maintenance records exist on cars. And you can have them checked out by mechanics and stuff. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> I mean they can't stop you from doing it. Hoping that they do go to a Honda dealership to get them serviced. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Well and even if they didn't you can still get a good idea from a if you can get a good mechanic to check it over real carefully and check the block and everything. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> So. Well I guess that's all. Okay. Well I enjoyed talking to you. I enjoyed talking to you. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3103.txt:Okay. All right. Well I am uh the product of uh I think as much the changing roles of women as anyone. My mother uh. We come from a. My mother and I were uh really prac- first generation divorce in our family. Yes. <SEP> My uh mother was divorced in nineteen uh fifty-seven when I was seven years old. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And was I was the first one of anyone that that anyone had ever known to have a divorce. Uh-huh. Of course now fifty percent divorces in the United States uh. My mother uh was treated very badly uh in a by a lot of people family members um especially from my father's side of the family. And also uh uh uh we were uh ostracized by his family uh basically just you know uh we just kind of dropped off the face of the earth. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. And they all felt that th- there was never an issue that my father was the was the cause of the reason for the split up even though he had impregnated another woman and forced the divorce. Oh mercy. <SEP> Uh it was always my mother's fault she was not uh sufficient you know she just was not good enough. What was wrong with her was she not attractive enough did she not take good enough care of her man to keep his interest. It was that kind of an attitude. Yeah. That that's too bad. So uh. Yeah. It was too bad. It was really rough. Um um that's sad. It really is. <SEP> Uh so you know that's so changing. Some of the changing roles of women in that respect I have been a product of. Uh-huh. Um I think that there are people that I think that uh. I was a- I was first generation going to college in my family. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh first my mother had always had a quote career but always a career as a uh uh in a secretarial position. She did rise to the highest position that a woman could rise to in a secretarial pro- profession in Des Moines Iowa. That's that's wonderful. She was a secretary to uh uh the jud- to uh a circuit court judge federal judge. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it was a lifetime appointment for her as well as for him. So that was a really high high status position. Well that's wonderful. She made over thirty thousand a year. That speaks well of your mother. <SEP> Well yeah. She a real hard la-. She had high standards. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Hard driving lady with a steel rod up her back you know. Oh bless her heart. <SEP> But uh so I went to college and now since have completed two master's degrees. And I am the director of music in a church. Um and but it's interestingly enough I am still everyday confronted with. Challenges. Absolutely. Uh-huh. <SEP> Challenges that have to do with my sex. Right. Uh for instance uh well you know I am just not taken as seriously you know at professions as many of the wom- as many of the men who are doing the same job I do. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh the choir members treat me differently because I am a woman they expect me to be more motherly. They question my authority more uh than they ever would a man. And I have experience with this because I work at both both as a director of music and also as an associate under a man. Uh-. Uh-huh. So I am pretty I am pretty ob- pretty cons- I mean I am pretty aware of what goes on uh in the church. Surely. <SEP> So basically that's that's. Well I am done talking. Do you want to talk? Well I think that you carried forth your subject matter very well uh Nickie. And I can uh relate to that uh. Uh-huh. Uh I think it's it's the image that the woman has and uh in the world as uh the lesser of the two. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh always. And uh I think things are changing. But the changing is taking a long time longer than we would like it to like it to take. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh I think we are progressing at a snail's pace. Indeed. But we are progressing. <SEP> Uh-huh. So that's the main point is that we are going ahead. Uh-huh. And uh I think that uh in the long term that women are going to be able to have the recognition that they deserve. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh men uh have a lot of them have uh come around and have seen the error of their ways. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But there are a lot of die-hards out there that will never change. Uh-huh. So we have to uh face that reality also. <SEP> I have never been able to figure out why they can not ever change why they can not bend. I mean why they can not just accept you know competent women. I I have never been able to understand that. I guess it's fear. I mean what. It could be if they are af- they are not sure of themselves. Sure. The ones that uh go along with that they are sure of themselves. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they know that they can uh you know uh be on the same level. Uh-huh. And they do not have any uh ego uh problems that they are fighting. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And uh I think that we are going to be uh on par with them in salary and in recognition in the long term. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh and I what I would like to see happen futuristically is what we are discussing is that yes uh we each have our uh jobs in life and that we should recognize that. And that we should support each other. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And uh I think our problems would be fewer if we supported each other. And just looked at each other as equals and none lesser because we are equal. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Men have a lot of trouble with that though. Uh-huh. They in their in their own peer relationships they do not treat themselves equal. And so it's really difficult for them to treat women as equals. They are they are really much more comfortable with somebody being the boss and somebody being the follower. Uh it just seems that it seems it seems that they are more comfortable that way. And I do not know if that's I mean that's it's a militaristic point of view I guess you know. Somebody can not be colonel. And everybody else is infantry. But it's just really interesting to me. I am married to a wonderful man you know who treats me very you know with a with as. Uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think probably is as enlightened as anyone can be at this particular stage in their life time. But when he gets angry it's always over control issues it's always over power issues it's never over you know it's always you said you were going to do something. And you did not do it. As if he is the boss. And I am the you know and I am the slave. Uh-huh. And it. Those are the only only issues we ever fight about. I think it's just I think it's just difficult for men to uh to accept women equally. Even if they want to they are more comfortable when somebody is the boss. Uh dictator dictatorships are real efficient. Well I guess we would have to go back to the way that the Lord made us. <SEP> Um. And uh the women when they are married they are to be subjective to their husbands. Um. And I believe that strongly. <SEP> Um. And uh but I think that they should be in harmony with what they are with what the subject matter is. Um. And I think the issue should be settled before there's a conflict. <SEP> Huh. Uh and I think that can happen in a very won- wonderful way. Huh. And if we men and women would do as the Bible said that we would esteem each other higher than ourselves. <SEP> Uh-huh. Can you picture that? Uh-huh. I mean if your husband did that to you and you did that to your husband you would always be trying to please each other and not yourself. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. It's true. And uh that's really the the divine answer and and the right answer. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So uh uh that would be a beautiful relationship. Uh-huh. It would be. And I think there are some people that have done that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I have seen it. Uh-huh. And it's it's just marvelous. And I am just in awe to see this.
sw2465.txt:Well do you own a P C? No. I don't. I have one at uh. The company I work for furnishes. So I can work at home. Oh wow. <SEP> And it's just an old old compact that is super slow. And but it does it does its job. So. What processor does it have in it? Um I don't know. It's so old. It's one of. Oh what kind of work do you do on it? <SEP> Um I do um television ratings. And I process some ratings and put do graphics for their television stations their clients. Oh okay. So. Yeah. <SEP> It's basically just data entry and running you know some some software. So it doesn't really have to be anything sophisticated you know. Huh yeah. I don't own a P C. But I've I've yeah I work for T I. And uh. Yeah. My husband does too. So. Well I have uh pretty fa- a fairly fancy one. It's a T I model. It's an S P one thousand which has a it has a fast processor in it a three eighty-six. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I. The the job that I do. I do a lot of training of our customers for new products. Uh-huh. And I have to develop uh functional specs and disk and desk top publishing and everything. So it's it's kind of fun. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I mean I I always say that I need to buy a computer for the house. But I just haven't got around to doing it yet. <SEP> Oh yeah. I'd like to have one for the house too. But sometimes my husband my husband says usually I work on the computer all day at work. I don't want to come home and have to work on one too. Your husband what what group is your husband in? Um something with the defense. Oh? <SEP> Huh? Defense systems and electronics group? Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. They've changed their name so many times I've lost track. So. I see. Yeah. <SEP> He works up in Plano. Oh okay. So. Yeah. I work on uh printers and the peripheral products division basically uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I work in the airline ma- marketing group. Oh. So we we do a lot of. <SEP> I didn't even know they had anything like that. Oh yeah. Man. There's so. They're. I learned so many things that they they do. They're into so many different things. So. <SEP> Yeah. I just kind of. In for a while you know. He had a he had uh one of those what are they top secret things you know where he couldn't talk about what he did so. For a while. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> But then he switched jobs. I don't understand half the stuff he does. And I have uh. Is he a programmer? Uh-huh. I see. <SEP> Software design engineer so as they call it. So. But I have a degree in information management which is computer you know. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> It's basically the more the bus- business end of it than the programming end of it you know. Right. So but I've been at it for you know five years. So. Everything's changed so much I probably couldn't even get a job right now. It seems like it's changed so much. So you know they've made such advances in computers. So. Really. So uh does your husband ever use uh a laptop or a notebook? Does he bring a little one home with him. Or. <SEP> No. Huh-uh. Sometimes he bri- he brought home a uh a portable one. Uh-huh. But uh it it quit working. So he brought it brought it back. And he just hasn't brought another one home. But they did give him a new computer at work. So. Oh I see. Yeah. We we build uh laptop and notebook computers here in Temple also. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. And those are really handy. I mean we they they have modems in them you can send a fax from your P C. Oh how nice. But they're they're really. <SEP> No. He doesn't have one of those. So. What's that? He doesn't have one of those. Yeah. They're they're pretty handy because you know when I travel it's easy to check messages. Just you know plug in the phone to your computer and dial in. <SEP> Uh-huh. And. Yeah. Well my husband doesn't have to travel. So. Oh okay. Yeah. I just found out I'm going to Denver Sunday night again. <SEP> Oh boy. Well at least you get to. So that kind of reeks havoc with plans. But it it's really not enough to become a big hassle. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well that's good. Some people enjoy the travel. But I don't think I'd like it if he traveled a lot. I see. Yeah. I would love to have a computer. They. But they're so expensive. Well I don't know. There you can get well. Depends on what you consider expensive. I mean. <SEP> Uh-huh. You can get real high powered stuff now for under two thousand dollars where you know just a few years ago it would have been six seven eight nine thousand dollars. Yeah. You know. I guess it's not it's all you know it's inexpensive compared to what it used to be. But it's a lot to put into one. Yeah. It's still I mean. You know two thousand dollars isn't just just pocket change to a lot of people. <SEP> That's right. No. It's not. It's it's not pocket change. So it's major. Maybe when the kids get in school that will be you know. When they start needing something you know then that will be different. But. Yeah. When I started at uh T I I was a Summer development student and finishing up at school. Uh-huh. And so those papers really. I mean it was nice having access to the equipment to uh. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yes. I remember that. I had to do some of my husband's papers because I had access to one. But you know he his was more for scientific stuff than for word processing you know. So. Yeah. <SEP> I did a lot of his papers. Yeah. They come in real handy. That was a lifesaver. Well how many different types of packages do you use? At home? Uh-huh. <SEP> Um all I. The packages I I don't really use. I what I use that outside development that we use most of it's just stuff that's been written in house that I use. Oh okay. Yeah. Golly. I've got. Up up at work anyway I use WordPerfect and Lotus and and which is uh uh a a line-draw package. Yeah. I know those two. <SEP> Uh-huh. I've just used WordPerfect and Lotus and the most. Yeah. You probably use or something like that for your uh data entry stuff that you're talking about. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. A lot of the data entry stuff they used uh survey system and and um you know just in-house programs to do what they needed. I work. Do you get do you work at home all the time. Or just. <SEP> Well no. I worked for this company before I had my first daughter. Uh-huh. And they just wanted me to continue working for them at home doing other things. So. Oh that that was that worked out pretty good then. <SEP> Yeah. It did. You know I don't do I don't really don't do basic a lot of what I used to do. I just do you know something really minor. But it's something that nobody else wants to do. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> And it's time consuming. So. So it keeps you in the company huh? That's right you know. It gives me a paycheck you know. It's only like the work's only you know three weeks. Goes for like three to four weeks three times a year. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know it's not something that's continual because you know the television ratings don't come out you know all the time. They only come out four times a year. So but. Yeah. Boy. I tell you if I could bring a computer home and do stuff here I'd get all kinds of stuff done. Oh. Phone's always ringing. And people always asking me to do something else. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I've got a lot of. Especially right now we've got several new products coming out. And I've got lots of documentation I need to review and some I need to revise. <SEP> Uh-huh. Will they let you take a computer home to work? Well yeah. But you know I need to be at the office too. Oh uh-huh. You know I've just got to deal with all those other things that happen. But a P C at the house would really take a lot of the load off. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I bet. Yeah. My hu- he took one home when they when they had it you know they had a big deadline coming up. And it was looking a little touchy to meet. So. Uh-huh. Well I've I've done that before on a couple times. <SEP> Yeah. But that would make it just that much easier. Instead of bringing home a computer you just bring home a few floppy disks you know. Uh-huh. That's right. I thought that would be you know. Because it's real nice with this because I don't even have to go into the office. I've maybe been into the office once in the past three years you know. Oh my. <SEP> They just um they just send me everything and pick it up courier or whatever. So you know. Man that sounds really nice. Yeah. It is real nice you know. I just deal with them on the telephone. Half the people don't even know who they're talking to. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I you know worked. I know most of them well. I can't say that. A lot of people changed around there. But most people know who I am. But I don't know who they are you know. Uh-huh. A lot of them just know me by name and phone voice. Right. Yeah. I've got a lot of folks that I've worked with like that as well. <SEP> Yeah. You just know them by the telephone. So. But well it's been good talking to you. I think we've got the subject. Yeah. We sort of stayed to the topic anyway. Yeah. We tried. It's hard to sometimes. Okay. Well we'll talk to you later. <SEP> Okay well thanks. Bye bye. Bye.
sw2669.txt:Okay. The topic was should the United States adopt the metric system and if so should uh. How should they do it? Why didn't it work last time? And why didn't it work last time? <SEP> Well I'm all for it. Yeah. Well I I am too. I wish uh it had started a long time ago is the problem because we're so wound up in the in the system that we've got that you know trying to convert over. Yeah. And I guess what'd they try they tried what'd the call it soft conversion and hard conversion. <SEP> Yeah. They tried the. One of them is where you just take whatever's already standard. And you give it some sort of a weird metric number like six point two eight seven instead of six millimeter. Yeah. Yeah. Direct conversion. I I don't know. Uh. <SEP> I think they just ought to you know start uh just go all the way on new products introduced or whatever you know start your packaging go to liters instead of quarts. And you know people if they have to are going to learn to think that way. Well don't most of them doesn't just about everything now have both metric and English. They do. But things are generally packaged in the English sized packages you know. You buy a quart of milk. And sure it has has the metric equivalent written on there. But it still a quart. Oh yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But if they started putting it in liters liter of oil and you know liters of gasoline people are going to learn to think in metric. As long as you can still buy a product in the English units that's how you're going to think of it. I kind of remember back when gas prices started up you know pretty dramatically when they started getting toward a dollar a gallon range. Somebody had uh. I believe it was Exxon. It figures. We were living in Lubbock at the time. They started marketing it in liters. And it was only like twenty-nine and thirty cents a liter. So they could put this sign out front that said you know thirty-nine cents a liter. <SEP> Right. And nobody had any idea what a liter was. So uh. That that's the problem. When we finally out that liters was about a quart there's about four liters in a gallon. So you can figure out what you're actually paying for it. <SEP> Right. It's kind of hard for me to believe that this day and age. I don't know. When I was growing up we were talking metric system in school. I mean not not at first. Uh-huh. But by the time I was in fifth or sixth grade anyway. Yeah. Oh. <SEP> I would expect people with any kind of buying power over the age you know under the age of thirty or so to have some idea what it is anyway. A liter's about a quart. The uh I think maybe there's where the problem came in you know. We've tried to instead of learning. It's kind of like learning a language you know. When you learn one from the other you always end up in this conversion thing all the time. Yeah. So you. It's almost like uh. Course this country isn't a dictatorship. But you know it's like somebody said okay as of such and such a date you know anybody caught talking in the English you know will be shot or something like that you know. <SEP> But uh. Well thing is it's a global global market place these days. And you know we're like what one of two backwards countries in the world as far as. Yeah. I read that what Uganda and. <SEP> Something. I don't remember what the other one is. But. There's one or two others that just. It's just time I think for for us to go over. Because all you end up doing is if you're in business or you're in any kind of international. Uh-huh. <SEP> I don't you know. I work for T I. We're all around the world. You have to perform this conversion anyway. Yeah uh I Yeah I do too. <SEP> And. And one of the things that we've run into a problem. Course you're familiar with the T I drawing well with any drawing system you end up with you end up with things in inches in parts of inches you know half fourth you know this sort of thing. Right. Mils and microns. <SEP> Right. Right. And then you end up with a decimal where you start getting into mils and that sort of thing. <SEP> Right. And then some of them are done in you know purely metric. Yeah. I remember that stink came around in the design area a few years back when it was all overseas designs were in microns. And ours were in mils. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it got to you know. Somewhere down the line they went standardized. They went microns. But uh you just you know you end up with all kinds of problems with converting your designs. Yeah. Oh I can imagine. So. The uh the one that uh uh. Have you ever lived in a country where they use metric. <SEP> No. I was with T I in El Salvador for a while. And I had to get used to you know purely metric system down there because they didn't understand anything else. You know if you start talking about miles they'd look at you like what. Yeah. So I had a little bit of experience with it. And also I noticed in Canada they uh you drop a quarter fifty cents whatever in a coke machine up there. And you get this funny looking coke you know. It's in a can that's that's taller but not as big around. <SEP> Yeah. You know I guess that's some. About half a liter. It's not a liter. It's like a half a liter or something like that. It's a strange looking can. But my daughter in law's from Panama. And she has they have had Americans down there for so long you know that they're kind of into both systems. But uh she gets real confused on distances. And temperature is the big thing the Centigrade for which she says Celsius. <SEP> Yeah. I would have more problem more problem with the temperature except that you know working in engineering we do everything in Centigrade or Celsius. <SEP> Well I had kind of gotten used to centigrade temperature you know. If it's between zero and ten it's cold. And if it's ten and twenty it's not too bad. If it's between twenty and thirty it's pretty warm. It's getting warm right. If it's more than thirty it's just hotter than all get out. So but uh. The big problem is not having the uh the resolution between temperature you know between a hundred if you're talking about a hundred degrees or what thirty zero you know thirty four degrees whatever that is. You know you don't get all the little differences. <SEP> Yeah. It's about. You know the differences between seventy and seventy-two or seventy-five degrees isn't much. But the difference thirty and thirty-five degrees is quite a bit. Is about twice as much what it works out to. Yeah. Five. <SEP> One point eight times as many points. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. So. I I think as long as people have a choice they're going to stick with the American way. Uh-huh. <SEP> And until we have to have to learn to think that way we won't. Yeah. Though we call it the English system. But I'm not sure what they do in England now. They're they're on metric aren't they? Yeah. For the most part I think so. Yeah. Except they've got a. Now okay we run into some problems once. I remember they've got a nut and bolts system called Wentworth. And this thing was was even different than you know S A E standards and stuff. So. <SEP> Right. This this ca-. Okay. My dad bought one of these little Nash Metropolitans here a few years ba- quite a few years back. And the thing had a Austin Heeley type engine you know. It was Austin motors engine and running gear. Right. And the body was built by Nash. Or who you know. Ameri- that was even before American Motors. But Nash essentially in the U S somewhere. And that thing had the darndest combination of metric and Wentworth and uh S A E. He ended up with about three sets of tools in order to work on that fool thing. <SEP> He just get one more. Because I think the Wentworth and the S A E bolt sizes were the same. But the threads were different. And uh it was a total mess. Oh that would be a mess. And on my Chevy van that's a couple of years old. Part of it's built in Canada. Matter of fact the thing is I always say it's built off shore you know because it was assembled in Canada. The only thing that was in it was built in the U S was the uh differential. And it was built in Buffalo New York. But it's got the hardest combination of uh metric. And most of the body parts seem to be metric. And most of the engine parts seem to be S A E. So. It's just crazy. <SEP> Right. It just gets bad. Now you got to you got to have one and not mix them up. Yeah. Because you're never going to get to one one system if you still got a got a mix. And of course here that that would involve changing road signs all across the country you know miles per hour to kilometers per hour and the whole nine yards. Kind of hard to do gradually. I thought maybe they would convert to uh metric back when they went to the fifty-five mile an hour speed limit because what is it fifty-six or fifty-seven's a hundred uh qua- a hundred kilometers. <SEP> Yeah. And you know. Hell you'd have people doing a hundred miles an hour. Yeah. You'd have. Hundreds on the sign looks lot better than fifty five. You'd have people going you're right a hundred miles an hour. <SEP> Yeah. And so. I don't know. I'd kind of. And the other thing too is you know between here and El Paso's what five hundred miles. But it's almost eight hundred kilometers you know. That'd sure seems like a long way. Yeah. But they'd need they'd seem to be ticking off faster too. Yeah. I guess that's it. <SEP> Every road sign you come to is like well I don't know it that far. Well they converted all the road signs to fifty-five miles an hour you know. They could've converted it to metric just about as easy. Yeah. I think they. You got the problem with all your cars are still. Yeah. You still got cars on the road that don't have both. Yeah. <SEP> At that time anyway that was still when things were. The metric system was still not. Not all that common. You know now cars they have both. Sooner or later they'll start putting the miles on the inside and the kilometers in big numbers so people start thinking that way. I know the only other place that I was ever at where they really had it mixed was was in Panama where's a lot of the road signs and everything are in in miles per hour. And some are in kilometers. And you got to know where you are because anything that was the old canal zone is going to be miles per hour. <SEP> Yeah.
sw3131.txt:We're to discuss a little bit about the process of putting someone in a nursing home and making the decision on a family basis. And probably the first question would be whether you've ever had to go through that process. Well not so much personally. But my um husband has an aunt who has been like a second mother I mean always lived in the same town and took care of him and such. They live down in College Station where his parents do too. <SEP> And they put her in a home last year. Uh-huh. She appeared to have a couple of light strokes and started to uh not be able to be in her apartment on her own. Uh-huh. <SEP> So they found a a place nearby that they put her in last year. So it was pretty much a physical decision? Uh yeah. Although she is uh in pretty good health and she's doesn't take any medication. It's just she had had her own apartment and drove a car and everything up until that point. Um. <SEP> Then she was starting to get uh you know lose memory sometimes and which is kind of frightening when she's in the car. Yeah. Uh. My husband's family are reaching that point. But it's it's so difficult. Was she in favor of it. Or or was she kind of opposed to it? <SEP> Well yeah. When it finally came down to it um she just got to the point after the. I mean it wasn't a very um strong stroke. It was just kind of all of a sudden she wasn't herself anymore. Uh-huh. And she got kind of fearful of being on her own. She never really ate very well. It was one thing. She hardly ever took care of herself. Yeah. <SEP> And she didn't eat. She ate very poor. So I think she was you know bad uh nutrition on top of it. And uh she got to the point she didn't want to alone anymore. So. So often I think though elderly people don't realize that their diet is that bad. I work with a lot of elderly people. I'm a trust officer. Um. And so often they think they're adequately caring for themselves when they're really not eating very much or very balanced meals. <SEP> Well she was almost ridiculous. Like she'd eat ice cream and cookies. She'd. Yes. Well you know that's part of the aging process That your taste buds goes back to the sweet taste. Didn't one. <SEP> It really is. Oh really? Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well she didn't want to cook for herself anymore. Yeah. Oh that's too much trouble. That's too much trouble. Didn't want to cook. And the portions. People don't want to try to figure out little bitty individual meals. I do that right now. <SEP> Yeah. And I'm not near nursing home age. Although they've got uh Meals On Wheels Which I understand is a really good you know way to handle that so that at least they eat. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. So as a family you all just visited nursing homes. Or probably in College Station there wasn't a whole lot of choice. No. I don't think there was. Um. I know a little bit more from a a co-worker. Her mother-in-law had been in for quite some time and had different degrees of a place that she was in. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um she was ambulatory. And so there was a lesser care. Uh then she got uh uh hip broken. And then uh she wasn't as ambulatory. So they were almost you know to the point of saying she can't be here anymore. Uh-huh. But I remember from her checking around she ended up staying at the Arkansas House I think out in Arlington something like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh you know the type of facilities whether it's a shared room or two separate rooms that share uh a uh bathroom. All of them all seem to say that people there are going to steal their items. Oh yeah. That's a given. They're always saying that somebody's going to. And some of them I think unconsciously do it you know as a just you know half seni-. Uh-huh. <SEP> And sometimes the the help there does it I think. Uh. So they they uh don't have too many facilities it seems for their personal items. Very limited space waste. Uh-huh. <SEP> But um at least they all seem to have uh you know people that monitor their uh medication intake and dining facilities you know go to the dining room and and eat some good meals. Uh-huh. I know when my friend's mother-in-law first went in I mean very antisocial. Maybe it takes a while for them to say okay well I'll be with other people. But. Adapt. <SEP> Yeah. I don't understand that they they don't want to be with anybody else. Yeah. I as I think I mentioned I was in the trust business. And I've seen so many elderly people. Usually there has to be some wealth involved which is great if if you're financially if if you don't make the decisions so late that you're worried about money. But the the places like Presbyterian Village and some of the the retirement places where where they have different levels of care seems to be so much better as far as elderly people adapting. <SEP> Uh-huh. They're able to move in while they're still independent and still social. Uh-huh. And and they do group things. And then if health or or mental capacity deteriorates they're able to take the next steps without so much change. And oh I wish everybody could go that direction rather than just all of a sudden moving out of the home they've always been in. It's really kind of difficult. <SEP> Yeah. I have a um. My aunt's mother is uh gotten ill recently. And uh she lives in Pennsylvania. They live in Alabama. And they're saying hey we need you to be closer. And you have women like that. Yeah. I don't to men. It seems like the women out just out live their husbands but very reluctantly. That whole I mean. Uh-huh. <SEP> They don't get out of the house. They don't socialize. But it's my home. And I don't want to leave it. Well and it's the first step in in actually accepting that you are failing and and aging. Uh. You know once you make that step you know that it's just going to be downhill from then on. And and I've seen people really fight it that desperately needed to make the change. <SEP> Um. They they became. In fact that's probably what's going to happen with my husband's mother. She's going to endanger herself before she'll willingly and probably will never willingly make the decision. And that scares me the the thought of forcing somebody to do something. But it's it's so lonely. You know they can't get out and see anyone. And I mean it's hard for for someone like me to understand that. Yeah. <SEP> Because I th- I think what do you have there? It's a house. Uh-huh. It's walls. And it's furniture. But there's nobody there. Not as independence. <SEP> Don't you want to be close to me? I mean you know be with other people. Yeah. <SEP> I just don't understand why they so much want to just stay in that building. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And there's no family there. They don't get to see their grandkids. They don't get to see their children. They just there in that house. Yeah. And the quality of life really isn't there. Yeah. Oh it's tough. It really is. <SEP> That's from the child's standpoint. The child is going why don't you want to be close to me and your other family. Uh-huh. What does that house got attraction? Well they fear being dependent on somebody. <SEP> I know they're really proud of independence. They they fear being a burden to to family members. Uh. My husband's mother will have major surgery. And we'll find out about it in a casual conversation. <SEP> She'll let something slip. And we'll say wait a minute. And and that's it. She just well. I didn't want to bother you. She can't accept that we want to be the care givers. Well when she got home who took care of her? Yeah. Well she stayed she stayed in a temporary nursing home. Until she was okay. <SEP> Oh. You know it's just. But it's frightening to us because we live pretty far from her. She's down in Temple. Uh-huh. And we can't see her often enough to really know what's going on. <SEP> Um. So it's difficult. It really is. And we're all heading that way. And. Yeah. My husband and I we have been thinking about his folks are in College Station. <SEP> And we've pretty much planned that we'll be here in the Dallas area. And there's nothing to hold them there in College Station since they're retired. Uh-huh. So we thought maybe we could get them to move a little closer here. Yeah.
sw3266.txt:Very good. Uh discussion or on child care. Do you have any children? Uh they're all grown up. <SEP> Oh. I work in a day-care center. And. Oh well you know all about it then. <SEP> Yes. I enjoy it a lot. It's been quite a few years. I have grandchildren but uh haven't really been into selecting child care for them. So. Oh. And it's been quite a few years since I've had to think about that. <SEP> Do they go to a day-care center. Or do they stay at. No. Uh m- my daughter that has three stays home with her children. Oh that's nice. And one of my daughters has one. But an aunt keeps the baby. <SEP> Oh that's nice. But I would I would not really know how to go about selecting one nowadays. But I would imagine it's very hard. I I think so. I think it's hard to find a good day care. I have worked in anoth- at some other ones that were not very good in my opinion. Uh-huh. <SEP> But this one that I'm in now is is very good. And one of the key things is how many adults are there in ratio to the children. Uh-huh. And like in Pennsylvania for babies that's what I work with there has to be a one to four ratio at the most. No more than four babies per care giver. Uh-huh. <SEP> But we keep it down to like two to one. Oh well that's good. Yeah. That makes it a little easier to deal with. I've always thought you know it would be really tough. What if you had a fire or something with babies? <SEP> Oh I know. We. You would have to be able to have enough. You know you'd have to be able to get them all out. What we do is we have these cribs in the back room where they sleep that are um low to the ground. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they're reenforced real strong. And they'll sit four babies. We would just lie them in there. And they roll real well and maneuver. Oh well that's that's a. That will get them out. I hadn't thought about that. But I was thinking oh my gosh if they had very many babies they couldn't possibly get them all out. <SEP> No. But you could put them in one of these cribs and then roll the crib out I guess. Right. Oh. <SEP> Right. Well that's neat. Yeah. That's certainly something we hope never happens. Well do most of your day-care workers really care about the children. Or is it just a job for them? <SEP> Most really care in this center really care. Uh most everyone has a college degree in like early childhood education. Uh-huh. And really there's only like eight children per room. And then there's like two or three mostly three care givers in each room. Uh-huh. <SEP> And that enables them to spend more time with the children. Sometimes I feel like all I'm doing is changing diapers giving bottles and putting babies down for a nap. So it's nice to be able to play with them and really get to know them. Uh-huh. It's easy to get attached to them too. Yeah. How old a group how old are the children go with this center where you work? <SEP> Um in my room they go from eight weeks to nine months. Uh-huh. And throughout the center it goes up to like age twelve. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I have the real real young ones in my room. You've got the little bitty ones. Uh-huh. Those are the probably the bestes- the best group to have. <SEP> They're you know they're wonderful. They don't complain too much. And they're fun. Yes. They are a lot of fun. Babies are fun. And they're not quite big enough to be getting into everything yet. So. <SEP> Not quite. It's a. When they start to crawl they try to climb up on things. And. Uh-huh. You have to be real careful all the everything is baby proof. You know all the doors have latches and stuff so they can't get into anything. But they try. Uh-huh. Do you think there's very many really good day-care centers around your area? <SEP> But yeah. In my area. Because w- I live in a college town in Penn State University. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I. There is a lot of a lot of college educated people and stuff that are in the centers that really seem to have an idea of what's going on. Uh-huh. And uh in general though I've I've been really disappointed with a lot of other centers I've worked at and it all and all. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's not my choice for when when I have children. But but some people don't have a choice. Sometimes it's a have to. Yes. I hear a lot of the girls I work with uh constantly oh. I wish I could find someplace I really felt good about. You know? <SEP> Uh-huh. Most of them don't really feel that it's a great place to leave their kids. That is sad. And it's really bad you know. One of the girls she was leaving hers at where she felt like was a really good place. And then they called her one afternoon and said well we thought we'd better call and tell you before you got over here. Lacy fell asleep on the bus after our field trip today. And we just now found her. <SEP> What? They had left her on the bus closed up all afternoon. Oh my God. And so immediately she says well I can't have any confidence in them anymore. If they'll take a group of kids to the zoo or somewhere and then come back and not even count them and realize they're one short. <SEP> Oh. But one of the teachers happened to walk by and see her pounding on the window trying to get out of the bus. Oh my God. And this was four hours later you know. <SEP> Oh that poor child. And uh so you know i-. What do you do? That's awful. So she has switched to a different center now. And uh. <SEP> Well I.
sw3090.txt:Okay uh. Well do you uh keep a family budget. Or do you have some. No. I don't use a family budget. My father who is very old has kept one his entire life. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I probably re- rebelled against it. I probably should have kept one. He keeps every penny that comes in and goes out on a very strict percentage. Oh interesting. <SEP> Yes. Well uh we sort of started doing it years and years ago. And my husband started graduate school when we were first married. And I sort of just got in the habit I guess. And you know never have gotten out of it. I can not really say that it's a formal budget. It's more just a a pretty uh a fairly uh accurate uh recording of what I spend and what I think I am going to have to spend. Right. And uh. <SEP> I think it makes much more sense. Yeah. And I have recently uh gotten out of debt and everything. And I will probably ke- start keeping a little better track of it. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I just uh spent whatever came in and and uh didn- never knew what came in and what went out. But uh just you know like about like the government runs. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Huh. That sounds real similar. <SEP> So I think it is probably better to have some sort of a a at least a record. But my dad was so precise that I mean if it said to spend eleven percent on something that's what it was spent. Um. And that was put over there. Oh my. Yeah. <SEP> And I mean of course he is from the depression. And uh so uh you know it's his life. Yeah. Sure. <SEP> But uh I would I think it would be smart if somebody would keep uh some sort of a plan that works for them. Yeah. I think you are right um uh. Well i- it must have been sort of interesting to us. Is to uh it's because since I have pretty much kept my record books for the last fifteen years I guess I can go back and look. And it's real fun to just see how things have changed over the years. Uh. Yeah. It is. For instance. <SEP> I'm a historian. And my father had kept them I think since nineteen twenty-seven. And uh but he burned the ones from twenty-seven to fi-. My goodness. I could not believe he did that. But then so I took the ones from fifty-two on to the present. Oh dear. <SEP> Yes. But to look to have looked back into the twenties thirties and forties it would have been fantastic to see that. Oh yes. <SEP> But uh. Well as a matter of fact uh my mother was going through some things not lon- not long ago I guess it has been a couple of years ago in an old trunk that she had. And she came upon a a budget book that she had back in the thirties. Uh when they. Uh-huh. It was the late well. I guess it would have been I will take that back it must have been in the forties because they had been married uh probably fifteen years at the time. And it was just uh fascinating to see how little things cost. I mean it was it was just almost laughable in some instances that you know. <SEP> Oh. Of course it's all relative of course. I know. Right. But uh never the less it was fun to see those figures next to you know. For a pr- pair of shoes was like five dollars. And. <SEP> I know. Well even in nineteen sixty-three. I found a record that I had uh I travel in Europe a lot and I what I had paid for hotels. Um. And a similar hotel in Paris is two hundred dollars a night now. Oh. <SEP> And I paid uh oh between four and five dollars in nineteen sixty. Oh isn't that something. <SEP> And that's really crazy. Cause that's about thirty years ago. Really. Oh that is that is really really something. Oh. But of course it's just what the market will bear. That's true. <SEP> If people will pay two hundred then why charge ten. Yeah. You know. That's that's right. That's exa- that's just good old economics working. <SEP> Right. Right. Well uh we have tried to uh instill some some sense of uh of budgeting in our kids. But our two children are just uh as um unlike as night and day. And our son could care less about a budget. Uh-huh. And our daughter watches her pennies so closely that she almost she almost just sounds like your father. <SEP> I mean she has everything planned so closely that if something goes wrong it just throws her for a loop. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Well then you never know how they will. One. They may flip flop when they get to be uh ol- we- older. Yes. <SEP> Right. Yes. The other one may be very careful. Yes. <SEP> And she may marry somebody. And of course it would be good because it you marry somebody a little loose then she will have that stability of watching uh. Yeah. You should have one in the in the in the house. I think that is true. I uh. And I think that is probably what happened in our house. <SEP> And I think. Because I think my husband was not quite as uh good at saving and so on before we got married. And I was I was really diligent about that. I was putting money aside and when before I was married you know when I was working out of college. And uh that really paid off. Yeah. Because when time came for him to go back to graduate school we were in in fairly good shape financially as far as not having any major debts. And. <SEP> Yeah. That's about the way it is here. Yeah. If it had not been for my wife I would have probably been in debtor's prison if we had one. <SEP> So but what does you husband do now? Uh he is an engineer. He is uh an electrical engineer. And in fact went through uh many years of graduate school and got his P H D. <SEP> Oh. So we had a lot of lot of years of budgeting. Um. <SEP> Oh yeah. You have to do it when you are in school. And you know. Yeah. <SEP> When you. My wife is still in school getting her doctorate. Uh yes. <SEP> And it uh. Well I'm working I'm working on my master's degree now. And I have got. So in fact this last year we had three. Both of the children were in college. Our son has a year left. And our daughter graduated this year. And I'm just about ready to finish my master's degree. <SEP> Um. So we have had uh once again you know some really a real lean year for us. Oh I I know. We had three in college plus my wife. But uh. <SEP> So that was four. Yeah. So we were both in the same. Yeah. Yeah. You know exactly what it what it's like then. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And it's uh. Which you learn. I guess you figure that that is an investment that is uh really a in- invaluable. <SEP> That is the best one. Uh-huh. Yeah. With education you can't take that away from you. Yeah. <SEP> That is right. So it's it's one that you can live through. And I think that that's the way that we looked at it in our beginnings when my husband was in graduate school that there was a light at the end of that tunnel. You know that that it was worth it to save and to not have uh something and uh in return know that something better was going to be at the end of it. Right. <SEP> Sure. So uh it really makes it easier. Yeah. That's true. But uh well I have enjoyed talking with you Jerry. <SEP> I have enjoyed talking with you Kathy. And I I wish I could hear more about your historian part of your life because that sounds really fascinating to me. I am interested in that. Well if I had your address I would send you. I am also in the travel business. I do tours. Oh. <SEP> And I can take some real great tours to Europe. So uh if you. Oh wow. Well my my husband and I just went there last year. Um actually we did not take a tour. We we were in England and and uh went to Ireland and Scotland and just rented cars and did it on our own. <SEP> Yeah. But uh um I. That sounds interesting. Is your business in Dallas then? Yeah. It's here in Dallas. Okay. <SEP> In the Quorum. So I I'm Jerry Hammond. And I'm out at Brookhaven College. So you could just holler at me there. Oh you are kidding. Yeah. Well I'm going to be teaching at Brookhaven in the fall. <SEP> All right. What is your last name? Kuenzer K U E N Z E R. And I'm. K U E N. Uh-huh. Z E R. And I will be in the communications department teaching uh English One Oh One to. <SEP> Well good. I will. I have a couple of sections. Oh well I know Zack Miller real well. Yes. Yeah. That's the guy who hired me. Yes. <SEP> Well wonderful. I will look you up in the fall then. Fantastic. Okay. Well it's been good ta- it's been a good type conversation. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2710.txt:I started when I was in college. You know they always offer credit cards for college students. Yes. So I went ahead and accepted every one that I was offered. Because I knew it would be easier to go ahead and get them and establish credit early. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. So I p- I pack around a lot of them. But I only use a few of them. <SEP> You have a lot of discipline. They make it really easy for people to uh to get credit cards especially college students. Yeah. I have uh two daughters who who both are in college. Or in fact one has finished now. But they both have a lot of credit cards. And they give you such high credit limits. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's it's easy to get caught up in the minimum payment trap. Uh right. And then they they give you uh uh the credit limit. And then you're always s- seemingly up to that limit. Now I have quite a few credit cards that I'm always almost up to the limit on most of them. And that's that's how a lot of people get into trouble. Yeah. I've got I've got two that I you know that usually I'll have a balance on. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then all of the others I just try to use kind of like you would an American Express card and and pay it off every month. Right. And that way I feel like I'm getting you know a thirty day loan. <SEP> Yeah. But I don't have to worry about you know running them up too high except at Christmas. Then they usually go then they usually get run up pretty good. Yeah. Well you have a lot of discipline. I uh I'm trying my best right now to pay off some of mine. I I've I've paid off about four credit cards this year. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh but still I have some that are are up to the limit. And especially the Visa Card that you can go and get cash on. Yeah. <SEP> And it seems like every time I'm short of cash I just go get get it from Visa. Now that's one that's. I've never used my Visa for cash before. Uh-huh. Can you use it like at a bank machine. J-. <SEP> Uh. Or. Well uh you can go in a bank and just hand them the Visa Card and say `` I want a cash advance. ''. Or if they've sent you a uh a number that you can use. You know a a personal identification number that you can use in the uh impact machines or whatever you you can do that. Yeah. <SEP> Oh okay. Because I have one that I don't have a pin number for. You know sometimes you have to ask them for that. Yeah. <SEP> And then I have one that uh just gave me the pin number automatically. Now we got. That's that's funny you said that. Because we got a credit card uh my husband and I got credit cards in the mail one day that we hadn't even applied for. Uh-huh. Now a couple of weeks later we got we got pin numbers. And then we got uh a bill saying you know uh the yearly fee it was like forty dollars. <SEP> Right. And we we cut them up and sent them back because we we hadn't even applied for them. And we didn't want them. But they they had just automatically approved us and sent them without even contacting us. Oh wow !. So I thought man I don't know if I trust this or not. <SEP> Well they they do that a lot if you have good credit and you have been paying your bills on time. Ev- ev- everybody in the world will offer you a a credit card. It's like let's see if we can get her to run up her bills. But it's hard. I mean it's it's tempting when you see something to say `` Well I'll just charge it. ''. And sometimes I'll do that. But usually I I will try to pay everything off the next month. Or the ones that usually have an outstanding balance all the time I'll I'll pay more than the minimum payment. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Just I fe- I feel like even that little bit helps. <SEP> Right. Well you know the way the economy's going and inflation and the recession and all that I think we we really need to try to stay out of debt as much as possible. That's that's why I've I've really started to try to to pay off mine and get out of debt. Because we never know when we might you know get laid off or something. I know it. Especially me. I work for Texas Instruments. And they've had had a lot of of uh you know layoffs lately. Well I work for T I too. <SEP> You do? And I think they're getting ready to to probably sell us out our division. Where are you? In Johnson City Tennessee. <SEP> Johnson City. Uh-huh. I know they're selling out somebody in Colorado Springs. Yeah. Yeah. They just they just announced that didn't they? <SEP> Yeah. So I mean it's it's kind of a bad time to be a slave to your credit cards. It it certainly is. I've uh I have worked on a part part time job uh where I was a collector. For uh uh a jewelry company. Uh-huh. <SEP> People uh that. They just had this jewelry account. It was Zales jewelry in fact. And uh a whole bunch of peop-. I mean they have about a thousand collectors I guess. Man !. And uh there's just so many people that have bought jewelry which is really a luxury item. Yeah. <SEP> And then they they just can't pay for it. Something something happens. You know and you hear so many stories listening to them. Like uh you know they lost their job. Or uh they they've signed for a friend. You know they got it in their name. But they got it for a friend. Oh. And then the friend wouldn't pay them. Didn't pay them. <SEP> And now they're stuck with the bill. And it's ruining their credit. And you really have to watch it this you know. Man. Because. That's scary. <SEP> Yeah. Because every every month all of these credit cards report to the credit bureau you know. Automatically mo- most of them do. I didn't realize that. Yeah. And if you if you're uh. It's bad because if you you know your bill is due on the fifteenth then i- y- y- y- you- you're not past due until the fifteenth of the next month. Yeah. <SEP> Oh okay. But you know if you if you pay one day after that fifteenth you're not one day late. You're thirty days late. They don't they don't recognize any time difference do they? <SEP> Right. Ooh. Right. That's scary. <SEP> A- a-. And anyway we need to watch our credit reports and all that kind of. That's something I never thought about getting you know checking with to see what what your credit report looked like. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well you know you you can do that. I believe it costs about ten dollars. Might be worth it for peace of mind. Oh yeah. It is. It is. You might even find somebody's been reporting on you. And you didn't even know it. You know you I mean you might think you're paying something on time. Or and you by that day. And you're thir- thirty days is not real bad though anyway. If you've got a charge off on your credit report or something like that. Yeah. <SEP> That's when it really gets bad. Or something you haven't paid in sixty days or ninety days you know. And things like that. I think that Discover Card has a good idea with you know giving you a little cash back incentive for each amount you you purchase. As long as you don't go crazy trying to get cash back. Uh-huh. And since they don't have the yearly fee. <SEP> Do they charge a lot of interest on that card? I don't know. I don't. I've never I haven't gotten one. Just because it's uh uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I felt like with Visa and Mastercard and American Express you didn't need another one. Uh-huh. I would think it wouldn't be you know much more than the eighteen or nineteen percent everyone else charges. <SEP> Yeah. So that that wouldn't be too bad. Well always watch out for s- anybody who bills you out of Atlanta Georgia. Or there's a couple of other places that are able to charge us like twenty-one and twenty-two percent interest. I know I had a charge with uh Spiegel. And I hadn't read the uh terms of the credit agreement really. Yeah. <SEP> And uh when I did I you know I realized that that it just looked seemed like I was never paying the balance off you know. And I looked at the credit card agreement one day. And it was like twenty-three percent interest. Holy cow !. <SEP> And that's the one bill that I hurry up hurried and paid up. Definitely. And and I've always watched it since then. That's awful. <SEP> You really have to watch those interest rates. I mean. I mean there's no point in giving them any more money than we have to. That's true. So. <SEP> So anyway they can't bill you any higher than eighteen percent I think in in Texas. But there there are a couple of states that can. Oh that's great. And one to watch out for is anybody that bills you out of Atlanta Atlanta Georgia. I'll try to remember that one. <SEP> Well. Well let's see. I was trying to think if there was anything else. <SEP> Uh the I guess the worst problem I ever had with with a credit card though was um I got a an item on my bill that I had never purchased. Uh-huh. I had ordered a sofa and had filled out the paperwork. But they weren't supposed to process it until they delivered it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I changed my mind. Uh-huh. But then they went ahead and charged it on my account. <SEP> Oh. And it took me about eighteen months to get that all of that mess off of my account. Wow !. So that's that's probably the worst thing I've ever had happen with a credit card. <SEP> I wonder if they.
sw2989.txt:Well Wayne I uh feel very strongly about parents doing things with their children and making time available even sometimes when time isn't available. How do you feel about it? Well yeah. I feel much the same way. I've uh two kids right now. Yeah. <SEP> One is two and a half. And one's nine months. And uh that age of course everything you do they're trying to learn to do. And so uh it's important for you to spend time doing the things that you want them to learn you know that that they need to learn at the age you know reading and uh reading and playing nice with others and that sort of thing. Yeah. Yeah. We went through this with our children and now with our grandchildren. And I've always tried to do things with them uh like when you're at the little league helping out even though I'm not a good athlete myself. I was able to help the coach in in just controlling the kids if nothing else. And we've always uh oh tried to take our children and no- now at this age our grandchildren to see and do things that otherwise they might not be able to. I think that's just part of their overall educational process is to get out and see and do things. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. And so it's uh. We have uh lived several places around the U S. And we have where we've lived we've taken them to see and do things of interest and of historical significance in the area. Like when we lived in Tennessee we we took them to Washington D C to see all the capitol and and things like that when they were small. And it's just uh it's helps I think the children to when they're learning in school to say well I've been there and I've seen that. Right. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. So uh that's the type. Yeah. It certainly does because uh you know the things in the books seem so dead to the kids you know unless they've actually been there or whatever. Because I remember our family well we we we went everywhere. And uh seeing New England and uh being on Plymouth Rock and stuff like that was really made the whole thing more uh visual. Yeah. <SEP> Yes. And we could uh read the things in the history books and understand what they said when it was like we need food we need to raise food quickly because this place gets very cold very soon. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. We've uh gone through that uh. I remember my parents didn't do all those type things. And so I made a special effort with my children to do things like that. And even now with my grandchildren I feel it's a very important thing to be done. <SEP> Right. Because if uh kids don't look up to you or or ca- can't feel they can spend time with you they're going to find someone else. Yeah. And uh you know nowadays there's a lot of people out there that you don't want your kid to emulating or whatever. Yeah. Well I can remember one of the things I'm most proud of is uh when my son was. I think it was in the sixth grade. They had to write a a little brief autobiography of themselves and about what they had done and what they wanted to do. And I was very proud when my son wrote that he wanted to uh have a family and be able to help coach little league and do things like his dad had done with him. <SEP> A real point of pride with me. Yeah. That is nice. Yeah. Excuse me it sounds like we both have colds. <SEP> Yeah. Well it's um well it's uh ten o'clock here in Falls Church Virginia. Oh. So that the only reason I'm home is because I'm home with a cold. Oh well we're. <SEP> And the wife says Well you need something to do. Talk to a guy on the phone. Yeah. Well I'm sitting here on the ninth floor of an office building on the north side of Dallas Texas. So we're kind of far apart here. <SEP> Yeah. This is a very interesting program I I heard about here on this. And when I signed up for it it uh looked like it could be make a real contribution in participating. Right. Yeah. I'm an electrical engineer by trade uh here in Virginia. Yeah. <SEP> Likewise we uh we do some projects every now and then. We like to get support from uh other other companies as well. Yeah. I'm an accountant presently working as a contractor liquidating a failed savings and loan. So Trying to work myself out of a job. <SEP> But it's been an interesting uh roughly oh nine months here. And uh again this is our home area. Oh. We've lived here about seventeen years. And it's uh. We enjoy living here. It's where we originally started out. And we've lived up north for a while in Chicago and over in Tennessee. So wound up back about two hundred miles aware away from where we started out. <SEP> Yep. Well uh that's about all I can think to talk about right now. It's been a pleasure talking with you. Okay. Thank you. <SEP> Right. Bye. Bye-bye.
sw3275.txt:So do you have an opinion on credit cards? Um I do. You do? <SEP> What what do you think about them? I think they get a lot of people in trouble. Yeah. Definitely. I have one right now. And um I just got it about eight six months ago. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I find that it makes it a lot easier to get things that you generally wouldn't get. Yeah. And then you don't stop to realize that you know. You charge this for twenty charge that for twenty charge this for twenty. And pretty soon you owe a hundred dollars. And you don't stop to think about it. Yeah. I got in trouble when I was in the service quite a few years ago like ten to fifteen thousand dollars in trouble. <SEP> Oh my goodness. And then you know so I eventually got it all paid. Now I carry one. I have a gas card and a Visa card. And I never use them unless I need to. Really? So but they. <SEP> That's good. D-. Yeah. I I made a rule with myself when I got one that if I couldn't pay it in full every month that I'd have to rip it up. So. Yeah. <SEP> That's a good idea. Stops all them interest rates. That's. And interest rates aren't none too shallow these days anyway. <SEP> Yeah. But. But I know a lot of people that get in trouble with them especially you know. We have. I'm in Lubbock. And we have a bunch of college kids around here going to Tech. And they seem to get in trouble with them a lot. Uh-huh. I have I have a couple friends too that have about three of them maxed out. And they they can't do anything but work to try to pay them off. Yeah. <SEP> And and and like one of my friends she has hers is up to nine hundred dollars. And she do- she only earns like two hundred dollars a month because she's going to school. Gee. And and so I mean that's just enough to pay rent and buy like thirty-five dollars worth of food a month. So and and pay for her like like monthly fee like twen-. Yo- I guess you have to pay like twenty dollars each month is the. Yes. Something like that. <SEP> So all she's paying is interest on hers every month. Yeah. It just seems crazy to to me. But. Well my wife got in trouble one time with hers. She was making like I don't know what she was making forty-five dollars a month I think. And fifteen dollars of it was because she was over the limit. And fifteen dollars of it was interest. So she was only paying in it fifteen dollars a month. <SEP> Yeah. So and that was before we got married. So. But it's. You know we sat down and talked about it and discussed it. And it's it's come out pretty good. Now we have a eighteen year old that's fixing to get out of high school and go to college. <SEP> Oh really? That's the first thing he wanted. Was a Visa card? Yeah. <SEP> Oh my goodness. So we kind of discussed that a little bit and shot that idea down right quick. I bet. You know so. <SEP> Yeah. I I don't know. I'm about sick of mine right now. I don't. But I think they're too readily accessible. Uh-huh. And there's too many companies out there that are willing to give them to you and get you dra- get you trapped. I mean you can always file bankruptcy to get out of it. But that's a lot of pain and hassle. When you know in the olden days when my parents were growing up and we couldn't afford everything we didn't have such things as credit cards. We just waited until time come around that we could afford it. <SEP> Right. And you know we had all the necessities. So. And I very seldom use a credit card on necessities. I always use it for something I want not something I need. Exactly. So. <SEP> Yeah. My parents are really good about not using credit cards. They are against it. Yeah. I don't think they like the fact that I have one either. I think if card cards were as as stringent as say a a home mortgage loan or something like that where you have to you know be able to prove that you can afford this and the rest of your bills we probably wouldn't have the problems we have. <SEP> Uh-huh. Of course we wouldn't have the retail market we have either. So I guess they trade one for the other. Yeah. I disagree with it. But they still trade one for the other. <SEP> Huh. Well that's good. I'm. It sounds like you kind of got your head together in the credit department for. You sound pretty young. So. Yeah. I'm nine- I'm twenty right now. Are you? Yeah. <SEP> So just going to school and and working. So. All right. It does kind of get in the. When you want something that. Like last weekend was homecoming. And I needed a pair of shoes. Oh. <SEP> So I just went out and bought them and on my credit card. Yeah. I didn't really have the money to do it. But. Yeah. It's pretty easy. <SEP> Yeah. It sure is. So do you just have two kids. Or. Uh we have a eighteen year old seventeen year old and a seven year old. Oh really? Yeah. <SEP> Neat. I'm from Plano Texas. Oh are you? But right now I'm out in Provo Utah going to B Y U. So. Are you a you're a Mormon then? <SEP> Yep. Oh all right. But this is a extra long one. What's that? <SEP> They're giving us a lot of time. Oh yeah. They may not they must not have too much traffic on Saturdays. <SEP> Yeah. Have you done a lot of this? Uh fifteen or twenty I guess. Oh really? Oh yeah. <SEP> Do you do it every day? I try to every day. I uh I get calls at work. I get calls at home. So. Wha-.
sw3691.txt:You bet. They tell you our topic? Uh pets. You've got it. <SEP> Do you have pets? Yes. We do. Uh my wife and I have a dog that soon be eight years old. And we have a a cat which is uh I guess about five years old. Oh my goodness. How about you guys? <SEP> We have three dogs and two birds at this point. Three dogs. And two bi-. What kind of birds do you have? <SEP> Parakeets. No kidding. En- enjoy them? Oh have a ball with them. You let them out and let them fly around and everything? <SEP> Well no. Because my dogs chase them. Okay. So in order to have the birds not stuffed I have to keep them in their cages. You-. <SEP> You know this is like a cruelty joke. And I apologize if you're a bird lover. But uh we had a parakeet. And my fault put up our first electric fan. And never thought about it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Knocked that parakeet right out of the air. Well we had that happen once um. My son had the bird back in his room. Because it's his bir- well the first one that we had was his bird. And I had a ceiling fan put up. And it the bird got away from him one afternoon. And I mean that sucker hit that fan and went flying up against the wall. I thought oh so much for the bird. It killed him? <SEP> No. He's still alive and kicking. Oh that's. Well it killed ours. I'll be darned. No. I guess we didn't have it high enough or he didn't get hit in just the right spot. <SEP> But it threw him up against the wall you know. And he slid down the wall. Well speaking of pets I'll tell you my my kids are older now. My both of them are either in or out of college. But but we had for years about five years I guess had a my son had a Burmese boa constrictor. And that thing grew to be seven and a half feet in in length. Oh gosh. Oh I hate them. And finally my wife wife bless her heart got rid of it because I didn't really like it. <SEP> We also had a. One year down in Florida on a vacation for Father's Day my kids years ago maybe uh ten years ago go bought me a skunk from a exotic pet shop. It'd be like it'd been like deactivated as far as s- s- smell and everything. Oh my goodness. And we had that darn pet skunk for about five years. And and my son left went to school. We finally sold his boa constrictor. But my son needed some money. And we we sold it for about two hundred and fifty dollars. <SEP> You're kidding. So when the guy came over he was infatuated by that skunk. So I made him a deal. I said You take that skunk. And he said I'll sell that snake to you for two fifty. I said otherwise I'm going to give it to this other man. So he took the skunk too. And the skunk was a good a decent pet. But you know does his little jobbies in the litter box. And is is. <SEP> Oh well that's pretty good. And it was sort of a neat. But they just stink too much. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That was sort of fun you know. I tell everyone this story because my wife is a real pet lover. I use to visualize my wife. Many times my wife would be lying there on the sofa. And this snake honestly would be stretched across the top of her body and with his with his head right on her neck. <SEP> Oh you're kidding. Oh. And the skunk would be sitting at her feet. But the cat would be on the back of the sofa. And a dog would be running around crazy. <SEP> Oh my gosh. I can not ima-. I just I don't. In fact my brother has a uh a exotic pet shop out in California. And he keeps threatening to send a snake through the mail you know. I'm going don't do that because they won't come in my house. Oh gosh. Oh my son bought this snake uh. Someone gave it to him when he was in junior high school. And it was just a small thing then. But it got to be pretty big. And you know you'd feed it you'd feed it you put feed him small mice to big rats and things like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's just uh too much. That snake used to watch our cat walk around. I always told my wife. I says you know your friend's going to get our cat one of these days. Oh my gosh. <SEP> Oh my gosh. That is wild. Oh I just can't do those and the lizards and the all those those things. Oh me neither. They they need to stay outside far away from me. We're down to a simple dog and cat now. And that's the way it should be. And. <SEP> Yeah. Haven't had any parakeets for quite a while. Birds. Uh customer of mine has a parrot. And uh gosh sticks in my mind he paid eighteen hundred dollars for a parrot. And that was just mind boggling. Oh yeah. They are so expensive. Well my son was just dying for a bird. And I'm really allergic to them. So I try to stay away from them except I've gotten real attached to this one. Are you? <SEP> And and uh we went down to Canton one time oh gosh two or three years ago now. Uh-huh. And he'd saved up his allowance you know and picked him out a bird in a bird cage. And and that stinking bird when I brought it home tried to take it out of the little box that they give you. <SEP> Yes. Clamped onto my finger and would not. I mean I had to literally shake him off to get him in the cage. And he has tried to bite me for two years. And all of a sudden this bird and I have become wonderful friends. Oh gosh. <SEP> He gives me kisses. He talks now. That's neat. And it's just hysterical. I'm the only one that pays attention to him. Why sure. <SEP> And I'm a substitute teacher. And one of my fifth graders last year came up to me and said my mom's making me get rid of the bird. We have too many pets. I thought yeah right come tell me about it you know. Come to my menagerie. <SEP> They knew the sucker when they saw one. So now we have two parakeets.
sw3260.txt:Do you have children? Uh yes. Uh we have two sons. Uh one's a freshman in college. And one's a sophomore in high school. Oh. <SEP> And you? I have one that's a freshman in high school a daughter. And a son who's a sixth grader in a middle school. Okay. And I spend most of my time carpooling. <SEP> Oh. The story of my life. Yes. Yes. Uh Yeah. My kids are involved in sports. My daughter has played basketball for six years. And my son plays football. I. My rule is that they can't play a sport the same time of the year because there's just not enough of me to drive them around everywhere. <SEP> Uh well uh yeah. We've spend a lo- spend a n- did spend a lot of time uh. It really helped when the uh older one was old enough to get his license and could uh drive around by himself although that brought in a whole n- other set of problems. Yes. <SEP> I know. I know. The insurance. <SEP> But uh I uh fo-. Yeah. For one thing. Uh but yeah. We uh we do. But our two had had uh totally different interests of. But the- there was not much uh overlap as such. The the older one is not was not at all into uh sports for the most part. Uh he participated. Band and and uh scouts were his two big things. Yes. My son is in both band and scouts too. And uh and the yeah younger one is uh uh the sports one. <SEP> And the whatever season it is he's he's playing although football is really his favorite. Oh gee. Yeah. So uh yeah. We spend a lot of time uh uh carpooling and uh you know and then trying to be uh up as much as possible with anything that they that they do. Right. <SEP> But then uh we also didn't do spend uh time with them trying to trying to. Uh you know just family time. Uh-huh. Uh we had a. At a fairly young age we started teaching them to play games and card games and so forth. And and uh uh but we didn't uh do it as much or as often as uh I would have liked to. I would like to do that as a as a family and and some T V watching. Yeah. <SEP> What about you? We found this Oriental tile game called Mah-jongg. Yeah. I've I've heard of that. Have you? <SEP> I've never actually never actually played it. But. Well it's really fun. Um one of my neighbors moved here from Memphis. And a lot of them played it. And she started a group going in the neighborhood. And my kids wanted to learn how to play it. And it's more fun with four people. Yeah. Yeah. And it's a game that none of their friends know how to play. And they both enjoy it. So if they want to play they have to play with mom and dad. <SEP> Yeah. So uh we play that a lot of them. And uh we like to go miniature golfing and to movies. Yeah. We have family that lives outside of the state. So we go visit both sets of grandparents and and take car trips. <SEP> Yeah. So do we. So that. And my husband and son go camping with scouts mostly. Okay. <SEP> Yeah. My daughter and and I hate camping so we go shopping. So that just kind of works out real well. <SEP> Yeah. And um I'm a writer by profession. And my daughter enjoys writing too. So a lot of times she and I will travel to writers conferences together. Oh now that's neat. Yeah. So Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. No. We've never had anything like that. So that gives us special time together too. <SEP> Yeah. And she's on the yearbook staff and things like that. So I can help her with that. And she gives me ideas for my writing too. So. Uh-huh. Yep. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh well good. Well I you know in terms of in terms of any sorts of trends I you know. Obv- obviously things are different from for me than and my children than when I was growing up. Yeah. I I I grew up on a farm uh in Iowa. And uh you know the whole family was around the the whole time. And then what my father did was was uh in- you know obvious to me. And I I helped out with it. But uh although I have brought my boys into to see where I work it's not that easy. And it's it's certainly not at all common. And they they just don't really have that same idea. Right. <SEP> So th- they uh. It's a it's a whole different uh kind of thing there then uh. My husband has taken us to work with him. And we still don't know what he does. Yeah. So we just say he travels a lot. So that kind of covers it. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well that makes it hard though for in terms of you know family time with with him. Yes. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I've been lucky in that respect that I don't uh don't travel too much. He's been on temporary duties where he's been gone nine months. Oh. Yes. <SEP> Yeah. So those are the real killers. If he's just gone. Yes. He's gone three weeks right now. And that's that's mild compare to the big ones. <SEP> Yeah. So we just you know. I just do the carpooling and and handle whatever needs to be done. And something major always needs to be done. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. So you just have to to handle it until he gets home. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Right. And hopefully he won't have too many surprises when he gets home.
sw2540.txt:Well Stephanie what's your position on gun control? Well on a scale of one to ten uh being ten no kind of legislation and zero being uh total ban I probably would lean more towards six or seven. Um I feel like a total ban on guns is just going to put the guns in the hands the criminals. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um I lived in Massachusetts for two years. And they have a total ban on guns. And I saw that it didn't stop crime in that state. Now was that just on handguns or was that on rifles? Any any kind of firearms. Really? <SEP> Yeah. Uh it's. There's was a mandatory jail sentence if you were caught um with a firearm. And also I think there was a fine. And that didn't help at all? No. I don't. The the crime is not any better or any worse. I mean it's. Huh. <SEP> I I shouldn't say I don't know if it was any worse. But it certainly didn't get any better. Uh-huh. I usually just. I'm trying to think of. I guess I would tend myself to be more towards the the like three where I don't think you should necessarily ban guns any by any means. Uh-huh. But you should definitely have the character search and the seven day holding period and things along that nature uh. You know you shouldn't be able to go out there and just buy one and you know right off the shelf. <SEP> Yeah. I I I agree with that. And but. I I think that the the law is on who can buy a gun are are way too lax. Uh-huh. Exactly. <SEP> I think that I think that the. And so I think that kind of control is would be good. Yeah. But the uh. I you know I'm trying to think of how many times you make the statement and just to kind of exam it a little bit. And I I know that any statement in absoluteness is not necessarily true uh. Only the guns were in the hands of the criminals. But how many times. I guess I have never heard of a a robbery being foiled or spoiled because the person who's being robbed had a gun. <SEP> Um I. And maybe they just don't report those. Or I'm not sure. Or you know I can't think of ever hearing on the news or whatnot or hearing or knowing anybody who was being robbed. But good thing they had their gun on them. And they they thwarted the robbery attempt. Yeah. I I'm I'm not really sure. I don't personally I don't own a gun. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um and I don't think I probably ever would um although I would like to know how to handle one. And I think it's good that everyb- and I think everybody should learn how to handle one. Uh-huh. Um you just never know when you might come into contact with one. True. <SEP> Um. Did did you were you brought up in a family that hunted. Or. No. Uh nobody in my family hunted. Uh my father had had guns when I was in high school because he got them from a friend who lived in Massachusetts. We lived in New Hampshire at the time. How about that. <SEP> And he lived in Massachusetts and had to get rid of all his guns. Huh. So we ended up uh with these guns. Uh-huh. <SEP> And my really my only experience with a gun was shooting a pistol and not knowing how to hold it right. And the hammer came back and hit me in the thumb and blood squirted everywhere. Oh jeez. And so that was really the only experience that I've had with guns. And it it kind of scared me. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I think that if I learn how to use one I would I would feel better. Right. I've also always thought about the idea you know most sports you know which are the N R A and people have their thing you know. If you ban guns you're just banning the the recreation the sport of hunting things of that nature. Most of that's done with rifles and such. Uh though there's you know probably I'm sure some sector that does it with handguns. But just by the mere fact of outlawing handguns would make it so that it would be not as conspicuous. You couldn't be inconspicuous when you walked into a store stuff like that. <SEP> Yeah. You could see someone coming or dressed inappropriately you know. You- if they had to have a rifle or was. You know made it more difficult to get a a uh a handgun. Now of course you know in this world anytime you've freedom you can be able to get anything you want. Yeah. That's true. But I guess to make it more difficult for the person who's just so irate and upset and you know temporarily a little bit uh offset or off keel. I don't know if that's a large percentage of uh crime or not. But I guess it would be some. But I I think definitely. Like today they just introduced the what's called the Brady bill. The seven day mandatory waiting period on getting any guns. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I think that Shoot that's a good idea. I would definitely support that. <SEP> Yeah. I I I agree the thing that scares me uh though about where I would I would wa- definitely want some sort of legislation. And coming from the north east I'm just not used to seeing um these. And I I know this may sound kind of stereo typical. But the cowboys with the gun racks in the back of their trucks. That's kind of scary to me. Oh sure. That kind of to me it is more like vigilantism. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know and it kind of scares me especially with all the shootings that have been going on in L A on the freeways. Right. Yeah. That's crazy. <SEP> And then you come here in in the Dallas area um. I don't I don't believe that people should be allowed to carry guns in their vehicles. Um especially not in the back window for everybody to see. Yeah. That's kind of kind of wild. Uh-huh. <SEP> That is kind of wild. Well that's all very interesting. Well thanks for talking. Sure you're welcome. Good-bye. <SEP> Okay. Bye-bye.
sw3983.txt:Okay. Um what type of magazines do you have? We take several at home. I I take um SKIING MAGAZINE. And I take uh DISCOVER magazine and also uh C D AND STEREO REVIEW and NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC I think and BOYS LIFE. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh. Oh good. That's a good one I like to get. Um so I take it that you like to ski. Do you do you um receive a lot of information on skiing through the SKI MAGAZINE? <SEP> I presume that I do. Uh-huh. Uh I suppose that puts me on some mailing lists and so forth because I do get things from ski associations and things uh at during the year. Oh. <SEP> Oh uh and do you receive discounts and things like that. Do you think. Or. Uh not so much that I uh more likely to see those at a ski show or something. But um I just enjoy reading about the resorts and where you can go and and new equipment that's come out and so forth. Oh. <SEP> Some fashions are always in there too. Oh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So would this vacation you're taking. Did you receive information from your skiing magazine? Probably not. Uh we already knew we wanted to take one. And we just started looking around. I may have referred to a couple of them. But we went to the ski show and looked at all of the resort information picked up a lot of brochures and just decided to go to Crested Butte. Oh. <SEP> Oh. We haven't been there before. Um that sounds nice. <SEP> Kind of away from the crowd is why we chose that one. Uh-huh. It's supposedly low lift lines. Oh. <SEP> But I haven't skied Utah yet. But I want to. Oh well you need to come out. I'd like to go to Sundance and Park City and some of those. Uh-huh. <SEP> I understand Deer Valley is nice too. Deer Valley. Uh-huh. Yeah. They are. It's wonderful snow. Well how about you. What what magazines do you have at home? Uh I am currently taking DECORATIVE WOODWORKING and uh COUNTRY LIVING. And let's see we do have NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC. And then we have some church magazines. But I really enjoy the DECORATIVE WOODWORKING. I'm heavy into woodworking and tole painting and things like that. So the DECORATIVE WOODWORKING has just been a great great help. <SEP> Oh okay. Does it have uh articles on how to do things as well as equipment that you can buy and so forth? Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. They do have uh mostly they have uh the ads on the equipment. But the whole magazine is just filled with uh pictures and projects that you can make yourself. And then it has all of the patterns and instructions that you would need to make a wood project and and then how to paint it with the tole paintings. And so it's really a fun one. I like that. Well that's good. It's good to get use out of one. Uh-huh. <SEP> I'm not sure that um in the case of NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC. I mean I read it. But then they just sort of gather dust for a long period of time. Uh-huh. But then eventually there'll be a school project or something where my son will need to refer back through forty-eight back issues to find you know France or something or whatever it is he's looking for. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yes. I've I've noticed that too. But they have been nice to have around. Every once in a while they come in handy. <SEP> I used to take SMITHSONIAN too. Oh. I liked that magazine. Uh-huh. <SEP> But it was I was just found myself not ever getting around to reading it. Oh. Uh. You get so many coming in. And by the time the next round comes in I'm still not through reading the first round. Oh that. <SEP> Oh SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN comes to our house too I forgot. And that's mostly my son's. Oh. But but I do read it too. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh well that sounds like. And he takes GAMES MAGAZINE GAME MAGAZINE which has puzzles and things that he likes to solve you know crosswords and various logic puzzles and things like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh. Uh-huh. <SEP> He likes to try that. So. He does uh does get to be a lot of paper though. After a while if you don't keep them weeded out they almost take over. Uh-huh. They do they can do that. I found that they've been fun for my little girls. They're five and four years old. And they like to go through. And. <SEP> Oh yeah. They're just kind of getting started now. Uh-huh. They like to cut the pictures out and paste them on. And so we've found good use for those. Mine is a senior in high school. So he's we're kind of at the end of that trail. Oh. <SEP> You're just sort of beginning to think about first grade. Oh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. It's fun. Well I do have a boy in junior high too. So. <SEP> Oh okay. So you got a little bit of a gap there between. So we're kind of running the gamut. Yeah.
sw2472.txt:Perhaps this connection. No. It still echoes. Okay um. Do you like to cook? I love it. <SEP> I do too. Uh. It it's kind of hard to find time sometimes. But. Do you work? <SEP> Yes. And have a family? Uh I don't have a family. But I I usually work about fifty hours a week. And by the time I get home I'm so tired it's hard to cook a full meal. Oh !. <SEP> I expect so. Uh well for a dinner party I think one of my favorite things is baked chicken and white wine. That's that's really weird that you said that because for a dinner party mine is is a is a chicken in a marsala wine sauce. Oh. <SEP> So. Where did you get your recipe for it? Um I guess mostly out of an international cookbook that I have. Oh okay. Well mine actually came from the um Texas Instruments Cafeteria. Oh. <SEP> They they. They have a T I plant in Texas in Kingsport? Yeah. We have. It's in Johnson City. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> And um the cafeteria is real good about putting out recipes you know like once a month. They'll put out a recipe of the month. Uh-huh. Great. And they they put this one out. And I tried it. And it was really good. What is uh is a marsala wine a sweeter wine? <SEP> Yeah. A little bit sweeter. Uh-huh. And it uh it's a it's a red wine. Okay. <SEP> And uh I'm trying to think what else. I I roll it in bread crumbs and uh Parmesan cheese. Uh-huh. And then I rub it with a little bit I rub the chicken with a little bit of oil and pour the wine sauce over it as like the last twenty minutes so that it gets just enough flavor. Huh. <SEP> Oh. Oh so it kind of browns. And then you put wine over it. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. That sounds real good. <SEP> And it's really easy too. So. Yeah. What do you use? What do you serve with it? <SEP> Huh? What do you serve with it? I like to serve um a wild rice with it. Uh-huh. That's what I do too. <SEP> This is really neat. And I. We're big broccoli fans. Uh-huh. That's what I've got. I've got steamed broccoli down on mine. <SEP> Well I just I just don't think you can go wrong with something like that. No. It's great. I've got a good dessert recipe. Oh what? Uh do you like angel food cake? <SEP> Yes. I just break it up in a glass bowl. Uh-huh. And then I mix up uh some cream cheese and a little bit of Amaretta wi- and some cool whip. <SEP> Wow. And I make a thickened blueberry sauce. And I layer it with uh angel food cake and the blueberries and then that topping. What time should we be there? <SEP> That sounds wonderful. It is it's great. I love desserts. But since there's only two of us it's really. Uh-huh. <SEP> I I try to avoid making anything that too fancy that we'd like too much and eat too much. Right. I know I know what you mean. We don't eat desserts much any more. <SEP> But I I guess one that that I really like that I haven't made in awhile. And it's it's called a fruit pizza. Uh-huh. And you take a uh sugar cookie uh recipe and and spread it out on a pizza pan. Uh-huh. <SEP> So you make it like a pizza crust. And then you you bake that. And then you um take things like kiwi and strawberries and bananas and whatever fresh fruit you want. Uh-huh. And you mix that with um excuse me you use cream cheese and a little bit of orange juice. And I can't remember what else is in it. And you make kind of a glaze. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then you layer your fresh fruit on that. Oh and pour that over it? Yeah. That sounds great. <SEP> It is really good. And it it's real light. It would be pretty. And it. Depending on the fruit you use it's you know it's real colorful. Right. Yeah. <SEP> Especially with like the kiwi and the strawberries. Right. That would be pretty. So but usually I just opt for brownies and vanilla ice cream. We've been fixing something lately that well. We've been cooking a lot of turkey breasts. Because it's low fat. <SEP> Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. It's just so much better for you. And I've been making a hot sandwich. I toast a piece of whole wheat bread and then put the turkey on it and then slices of the low fat Swiss cheese. Uh-huh. And then I make a little honey mustard dressing and put over it and pop it in the microwave. <SEP> Oh !. That sounds great. It is delicious. <SEP> I wouldn't mind serving that to anybody. No. And that's some- that's something that just you know it doesn't take a long time to fix. No. <SEP> It's really good. And it's really good for you. Yeah. It's real quick. And we eat out a lot. And there are sometimes you just don't feel like eating out. Right. <SEP> And I wish I had something a little bit different to just zap together. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well ma-. <SEP> Mix up a little uh mayonnaise with some dijon mustard and honey until it just. Uh-huh. I mix it until it just tastes good to me. <SEP> I was going to say do you just mix it to taste? Uh-huh. Okay. Yeah. And it's real good. And it keeps in the refrigerator. <SEP> How long does it keep. Do you well. You wouldn't have to make. Oh it keeps a long time. Yeah. And you wouldn't have to mix that much together even. No. Uh-huh. It keeps a long time. <SEP> I'm sorry I keep coughing. I've had a bad cold. Oh. And I put a little um oh yogurt in it too. Plain? Plain yogurt? If I. Just plain yogurt. It gives it a little tang. <SEP> I'll bet that is really good. It makes a great sandwich. Man. I'm going to have to think of that. We're getting company tonight. Oh are you. <SEP> And I have been debating what to cook because one of my guests is a vegetarian. Oh yeah. That's kind of hard. So we're going to. I think we'll try to do something a little bit. We might try to to um to grill some flounder or salmon steaks. They'll eat fish? <SEP> Yeah. She'll eat fish. And I usually. When they come down I'll grill those and brush on a little lemon butter sauce. Uh-huh. <SEP> And um definitely go with it will have to be a rice dish lots of vegetables to make up for the lack of meat. Right. Uh-huh. That sounds good. <SEP> Right. I had a recipe from that um INTERNATIONAL COOKBOOK TWO that's a great salad in summertime. Do you do you garden or not? No. We don't. Our next door neighbors do. And some a lot of times they'll give us something. Okay. It's just sliced tomatoes. And I put it on a glass plate because it looks real pretty. Sliced tomatoes and then green pepper strips just over it and some red onion slices and just a little bit of um basil and then a little Italian dressing over it. <SEP> Yeah. Oh !. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Okay. And everybody loves it. And it's so easy. And it's delicious. That's what I was just thinking. It doesn't sound like it it would be hard at all. Huh-uh. It isn't. <SEP> Where did you get. And you can put some cucumber slices on too. Where did you get this cook book? I got it at the Checkbook Store. <SEP> Really !. And it's got beaut- all these beautiful pictures in there that are inspiring. It's going to say uh edited by Charlotte Turgeon editor of. I'm not french LaRoute Gastro LaMink. <SEP> The creative cooking course. I'll might have to visit the State Book Store. I'm trying to see who it's published by Ottenheimer. I've never heard of it. <SEP> I haven't either. This edition is published by Bonanza Books. Okay. It's a big book. But it was not expensive. <SEP> Well the ones that I've been I've been wanting to get um. I guess you've seen the THREE HUNDRED SIXTY-FIVE WAYS TO COOK CHICKEN and the THREE HUNDRED SIXTY-FIVE WAYS TO COOK PASTA. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I've been I've been wanting to get those because we eat a lot of chicken. Uh-huh. We do too. And we do eat a lot of pasta. Yeah. <SEP> So we we just said the other night it wouldn't be too difficult to be to do without red meat. That's right. I don't think it would. You know we don't have that much of it now. As long as we have plenty of vegetables and lots of chicken. Uh-huh. <SEP> I stir fried some the other night though. Some uh beef and broccoli strips. It was good. But it didn't have much beef in it. Yeah. I've got a I've got a Wok that we don't use near as often as we used to. Uh-huh. <SEP> We used to stir fry a lot especially um a lot of chicken and and a lot of rice dishes. Uh-huh. It just takes the time to cut everything up. Yeah. But usually if I'm if I'm if I take a day off or on the weekend especially I try to cook real real food. Cook. <SEP> Uh-huh. And at least cook a couple of dishes ahead. Right. <SEP> So that we can have those to enjoy. Uh-huh. So. One of my daughters sent me a COLORADO COOK BOOK put out by the Junior League of Denver. <SEP> Uh-huh. Have you ever seen any put out by Junior Leagues? Yes. Cause we have some some local ones. They are great. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we have a share alike column in the paper where people you know write in and share recipes or write in and say I'm looking for this recipe. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. And that's where I get a lot of my recipes. Yeah. They are good usually good aren't they? <SEP> Yes. And I got I got a real good one from a doctor's office one time. Oh is that right. What was that? It's uh it's a baked bean recipe. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you mix baked beans and Lima beans. And uh let's see I guess. You buy the canned baked canned baked beans? Yeah. Just mix the canned beans together and brown sugar and molasses and bake them in catsup you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And and you just bake it. And it's just it's like a a spicier baked bean dish. Oh that sounds. <SEP> And you can add hamburger if you want to give it a little more body. Uh-huh. That sounds good. <SEP> So I I try to always keep my eyes open and because a lot of time you can find find really good recipes where you wouldn't even think about it. Right. So I try to always keep a little notebook in my purse. Uh-huh. Jot them down huh? <SEP> But it's been.
sw2593.txt:So the the topic is hobbies. In your spare time. Yeah. Who has spare time? <SEP> Um I don't really don't really do any handicraft things like that. I used to. I used to do like salt ornaments and things. Uh-huh. But that was oh good many many years ago. And I have I really my spare time. <SEP> Yeah. I usually go do aerobics and read. And that's about it. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I understood that. I'm you know I work full time. And I have two kids. So my spare time usually involves something with the kids. Yeah. You know hobbies. We I I can't really say that we have hobbies. It's more like maybe projects or something on the weekend. You know we like to go out go out. Yeah. <SEP> Family. Well well that's what I meant by salt that we we did that like as a family little ornaments and things like that and just kind of really got into it. Like during the Christmas season making them up for other people and things like that. Oh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. But as far as. Uh-huh. I've just never been very skilled at far you know needle work cloths. <SEP> Uh-huh. And the things I've tried to do just don't look very good. <SEP> And. I I guess mostly as far as as crafts go I've done um some needlepoint. I've done mostly cross stitching. I used to uh do like um. One that I did for both kids are like oh. They're plaques with you know different kind of animals. And then you have their birth date on them. Yeah. <SEP> And then you have a little picture of them. And you frame them and stuff. Uh-huh. But nothing steady. Just when I get some spare time here and there I'll work on it. But you know it's nothing that I can really. It's not like you sit and knit every night. <SEP> No. Not at all. Yeah. I don't even know how to knit. And my mother used to knit you know all the time. <SEP> Uh-huh. And and I don't even know how to knit. I'm like that's a lost art from this family. <SEP> Yeah. So um. But it's not a very good topic. It feels like if you know. No. Not when you're n-. Neither one of us are really. I I have seen things I really like you know that were done especially like needlepoint. <SEP> Uh-huh. Needlepoint cushions and things. Yeah. But it just seems like there'd be so much time involved in it you know and and that the petty point and things like that. <SEP> Yeah. It's like God it it seems like it's easier just to go out and buy it already made. I don't know what what is. It's like there. But here a lot of the country stuff is in you know a lot of the woodwork a lot of uh stenciling. Yeah. <SEP> And you know you can go to any like a flea market and stuff. And there's just tons of stuff everywhere. And you know people just do it in their garage. Yeah. And then on weekends they go out and sell it. And during the week they go back and do some more. And see they do that as their job. Whereas you know for us it. <SEP> Right. And they make it cheaper for us to buy. Yeah. Definitely. So. But and I mean I'm sure it must be relaxing to do things like that. Because I can remember when I used to do you know those little salt those figurines and things. It was it was relaxing you know creative. You felt very creative. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it just was so time time involved you know so much time involved and the different steps and things. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. And. Okay. Well I think I think we're okay. I think we did the five minutes. So we don't have to keep talking about nothing anymore. Yeah. So. <SEP> Okay. Well thank you. Okay. I hope you have a good rest of your weekend. Thanks. Bye-bye. Okay. Bye-bye.
sw2956.txt:Well I I've been uh I have probably had more time than you have to think about this subject. Uh-huh. So I'll tell you is it a serious problem? Yes. I do believe it's a serious problem. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. However there are solutions to it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And foremost uh where we compare w- that we are now doing fifty percent of our uh people are voting. Uh we're probably making a comparison against uh some European and uh and uh uh s-s-say newer republics that uh that have very high percentages. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh so uh one of the reasons uh that uh o- one of the reasons that we could get uh one of the reasons that it is lower in the United States is that mostly we hold it on Tuesdays. God knows why we hold it on Tuesdays. And then we further complicate it by saying you know we will keep the polls open until eight o'clock. What. <SEP> Right. Most people uh a great number of people now work at various at different jobs that if a third of the people are shift workers they won't be able to get to the to the polls in any case. If they uh have to work late into the evening and not get up. My solution to that is that we hold it on Sundays. As do probably sixty to seventy percent of the European countries now. Right. <SEP> Oh really. They hold it on the weekends? They hold it on the week- no they hold it on a either a Saturday or a Sunday or at least a day when when uh a great number of people are not working. Sunday. <SEP> Uh-huh. Huh. I-. In America that is not true because a a great number of people work on Sundays. <SEP> Well uh. Bu- but that is one of my solutions. Uh. I I know here in Dallas that they have just instituted in the last couple of years a uh a real long period of time that you can absentee vote before the elections. And they I do not think they have seen a really high improvement. Have you absentee voted in in in Texas? <SEP> No. <SEP> No. I always vote. Well I have absentee voted in uh New Hampshire. And it is a fairly fairly complicated process where you have to go pick up the ballot. Oh really. I do not say that it is that complicated. But part of the process also is that you must register preregister at some particular point. New Hampshire is fairly easy. But other states you have to register every couple of years. And uh. Well to vote to vote to just vote. <SEP> Huh. To absentee vote specifically? <SEP> Oh. So registrations are perhaps a a problem also. And we're the mobile mobile society uh. Uh-huh. People are always mo- you know. One out of every seven people moves every year. Uh th- that is almost a fourteen percent turnover every you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. If you compound that that uh eh- eh th-. I- if it is difficult to register to vote that would remove your eligibility to vote. But I do not think it is difficult enough to prevent people who are motivated in the first place who or who are not just motivated who really believe that their they their voice is heard. Well. <SEP> I mean and the people that I have talked to. Well maybe that is another factor the motivational factor. The motivational factor is probably. Right. I think that is the biggest one. I. <SEP> That's the biggest problem. I. Well that's diminished by. W-we have noticed this in particular. I I'm just read two books. One of them is WHOSE STARS AND STRIPES NOW? Uh-huh. THE uh TRIVIAL PURSUIT OF THE PRESIDENCY IN NINETEEN EIGHTY-EIGHT. <SEP> Oh really? It's a fairly decent book. I mean it's uh it's preceded by uh several other books by these guys. Huh. Uh WAKE ME UP WHEN IT'S OVER was about the eighty-four elections. And I forget what the other books were. <SEP> But any case uh i-i-it is uh uh the mar-. Uh uh th- th- there was uh. BLUE SMOKE AND MIRRORS was the one in eighty-two. Uh they these guys uh have taken the place of Theodore White on reporting elections. In any case they say that uh there's a definite trend uh well you know toward candidates using negative voting. It is the only way that you can use television effectively. I don't understand that. Why do uh is that just because they have such a low opinion of the public? And the public's uh gullibility? No. The public would rather hear something negative about the other guy th- uh than than a positive factor. <SEP> And y- and you know. To if you if you go on the attack i- and put some sensational thing before the public as Mike Dukakis learned in the last campaign. And it is not refuted. People will you know uh believe it. If you don't refute it as he didn't there must be some truth to the matter see. Well he did refute it. <SEP> He he refuted it. It just was not effective enough to. Well he didn't refute it til the last two weeks of the campaign. He didn't believe anybody would believe that. And indeed his trend started upward. Well that see I I didn't believe anybody would believe that either. I I I guess I have a hard time coming to terms with the the fact that the American public really was you know so. Well they do. <SEP> Well don't give too much credit to the American public for their motivational ability. And and and it. <SEP> Well then how can a democracy work then? Well it uh. Well I don't know. How how can it work? Is it working? I mean that's that's the question. I guess the question also is that we discovered is that they don't throw rascals out. Everybody seems disappointed. <SEP> Right. But they don't throw the rascal out their own rascal. Right. Uh my my solution to to part of this is is to to make it a-a-an an economic incentive for people to vote. That sounds rather crass I think because then then you are saying well uh y-y-you know y- in- y-y it could be c- convoluted in many ways where people would actually uh by paying them. <SEP> What? I mean you know you would take a certain amount off their income tax or property tax or whatever. <SEP> Huh. But th- it would be very difficult to administer because I am sure that any time money and votes are involved. It just the whole thing just stinks. Well how about how about the reverse of that? <SEP> When I have heard about England's elections they are allowed to run for what a total of six or eight weeks. Even for the higher offices in the in the land. What if we totally took money out of the camp- eh ma- just severely limited the campaigns so money wasn't so much of an issue? I feel like if if we did that people would have a lot higher confidence that their vote was counting rather than their contributions would count. Yeah. But the idea is to get the individual to the polls a-a-and we have to make it as easy as possible for him to get to the polls. <SEP> I don't I don't care how easy it is for them. I do not think they are going to because they do no think that their that anybody listens to their vote. They think whoever has the b-. They really think that the packs you know no matter what you're promised during a campaign. And these days we are promised hardly anything of substance. Oh you mean the special interest groups? Right. And eh and eh y- no matter what a a candidate promises during the campaign i- which isn't very much specif-. Any th- they do not promise anything specific these days. But whatever you are promised they just they just reverse themselves depending on who pays them what once they get into office. I mean I think that's the. Well read my lips. And and and no new taxes. And yet Bush did that. But I mean but but he's excused from that. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Generally people I've read polls now where they've excused him because there was a a definite necessity to balance the budget. Well then why did he say that during his campaign? Oh he he he gave it. He did he did he promised the best he could. <SEP> Then he. It was totally irr-. And he is the president. And he should he should address those problems. And if there needs to be a change in a period of time. Wh- what was so funny about it is that I guess that it happened so rapidly you know. He knew it. He actually knew it. And being associated with government he should be held up to the light for that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And maybe he will. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well. But I think it is er-r-r. I mean I think you you still have a view that the American voter is different from other voters. <SEP> And he is motivated because we happen to be the cradle of liberty and all that. I think voters are motivated uh. What about what about voters in the other countries that you were talking about? Like in the European countries where they have higher turnouts? And well the newer democracies. Because it's going to be totally different. But. Well I don't know if they have higher turnouts overall. <SEP> You do not think so? I don't think England has. I think England has about a seventy percent sixty-five percent turn out. Uh-huh. I think that we just discovered in this in in the Indian elections is th- one of the greatest greatest and massive things in in the world. <SEP> Oh. Uh just it was got vi- more violent every year. Right. They went down almost fifty percent in this election before they blew up Ghandi. But simply because people were so concerned about their inability that to that their vote does not count any way. And the corruption of politics in in in that s-s-situation there. <SEP> Oh really? <SEP> Yeah. Huh. But th- but you know everything is relative to when uh eh w-w- you know we had higher turnouts because at that time we cur- talk about the turnout relative to the eligible voter right? <SEP> Yeah. I mean is. But but before these enormous before this Voting Rights Act what we had was a a great deal of our population uh mainly the blacks in the south and the Hispanics were precluded by by uh voting laws uh from reg- from their eligibility to register. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh. Now everybody is available. Oh. So if you really computed it they probably. When we said we had a seventy percent turnout in nineteen fifty we really only had a fifty percent turnout. Because all the eligible voters. <SEP> Oh I see. Because right. Weren't qual-. You know the- it was skewed by the eligible voters being less than the total population of. <SEP> Dis- were disqualified. But isn't that isn't that kind of a blanket racist kind of thing to say the blacks and Hispanics and other minorities just don't vote? Or is that just the the truth? No. I think the high- there's a higher percentage in in certain black areas of voters. I don't know about Hispanics you know. I just I I mean I haven't studied the statistics well enough to. <SEP> Yeah. I mean I think in this sort of conversation we can only do our own reaction. Well. Right. <SEP> Right. But you know that just made me think of something that happened down here in Dallas last year. They have this huge fight going over redistricting here. Uh-huh. And at one point they di- they took another vote on it. And they uh the minorities could not get enough of a vote out to to pass their plan. And this is something that had been going on for months. It was on the news every night. They and they have had lawsuits over it. I mean it was r- it was a major issue. And there still wasn't enough minority vote to get to pass the plan that they were backing. So that's y-. You know I think that you have really hit on something there. Wa- to say that uh those. What do you mean? <SEP> Well with the minorities and we are saying we have lower voter turnout. Maybe it is is uh now that we have minorities included in the. You know Karen I wonder if we are recording. Why. Did you not press one? I did press one. But usually by this time they tell me that the time is up.
sw2490.txt:Okay. Well what do you think? Well I'm kind of leaning towards I don't know I'm thinking about what from one to ten what my no would be. It would probably be somewhere closer to uh less control because I don't see. I'm not a member of the N R A although my father is. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I guess I believe I think the N R A has gone overboard the wrong way. You know. Yeah. <SEP> They're sitting there on number ten. They're saying absolutely no gun control we don't even want to think about it. And and I think that's a dumb situation. Yeah. <SEP> Because there has got to be some kind of background check to see that the people who are buying a gun are buying it for a useful purpose you know if if you're going to hunt with it or if you're going to do sport shooting you can wait a week. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. That's true. It's not a big deal for them to go. If they're can check your driver's license every time you get a ticket you know I mean they should be able to go back and find out if you've had any kind of psychiatric record armed you know felony record. Right. <SEP> That's true. Any of that kind of stuff. And it seems to me right now that there's not there's not that much of a check. I I'm not really sure what Texas law I think there's a check for felonies on your record. Right. But. <SEP> If the gun shop owner does it. Uh-huh. You know but. Yeah. But he has to go out and do it. That's true I think. <SEP> Yeah. If and if it's a private sale of course then there's nothing. Right. And see that's my only problem with uh. Making you um. You know get the check and everything is is I guess bad guys if you want to call them bad guys. They are going to get a gun no matter what. Uh-huh. They're not. I don't think they're going to go to a gun store or pawn shop and get it the right way when there's a check. I think they're going to go out and find it someway individual sale or something like that. <SEP> Yes. But but maybe we'll prevent a few John Hinckleys. Yeah. I hope. That's true. You know I I. That that's the kind of people. Like I say I don't think the guy who's going to rob a Seven Eleven is going to rob a Seven Eleven whether he has a gun or a knife baseball bat or you know whatever. Knife. Exactly. <SEP> He's going to do what he wants to do. But you know Yeah. That's true. I I just think it makes honest people more honest. And. <SEP> And and the people who want it it's not that big a deal like I say to wait. Right. Right. And if you have to have it in a hurry something's wrong. Yeah. It makes you wonder what they need it for all of a sudden here. Um. <SEP> That's right. That's right. Oh. Well I'm married to a policeman. So we we talk about this a lot. <SEP> Yeah. I I imagine his his opinion is a little bit towards the one there on the scale of one to ten he needs some more. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I was watching a. Gosh. If I was a cop I would be. Worried about that. <SEP> Too many people have too many too much access. Yeah. They do. They do. And I guess I think the other thing that we ought to control to some extent is there should be some law against the types of gu-. I mean some of these Saturday night specials that these companies put out that are pie- I mean they're are. <SEP> Right. Basically it says here buy me and go rob a seven eleven. Right. Or even even the um the little um toy guns look real. I mean. <SEP> Yes. They that's really gotten bad. I've heard so much about that on TV. And that's kind of scary to think that you may be shot for holding one. Or your child accidently. Yeah. <SEP> If your child is old enough. I mean there are a lot of kids who when they're ten look like they're twelve or fourteen or and and especially some of the minority children. Whether you know a racist or not. Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's the truth. And And if some of them are doing something that they shouldn't be and then they have one of those toy guns in their hands. And a cop comes up. Right. I mean you can't blame them. It looks like they've got a weapon. You can't. <SEP> Jeez and you can't take the chances. That's right. Because there's been kids that age who have killed people. Exactly. <SEP> And you know you know there was a law in I think it's in Oregon where they've now made all toy guns. They're making them neon colors. Right. And I think that's a good idea. You know like yeah. And the kids don't care. That's right. <SEP> My kid didn't care. I know. He picks up a stick and goes bang. Right. Right. <SEP> It doesn't make any difference to him. A gun is a gun to them. Yeah. They can play with anything and make it a gun. That's exactly right. <SEP> Yeah. So you like to do. I think they ought to do that with toy guns. They ought to make them very reasonably do something outrageous to them. Right. Right. Exactly. <SEP> You know so that they're not very distinguishable from a real gun. That's right. That's a good idea. I was uh watching T V yesterday. And there is a town in Georgia. And it's the law that you have a gun. Every adult you know uh is able to carry a gun. And and they encourage it. That's kind of. <SEP> They encourage it? Yeah. And the police love it. Which really surprised me. Um. And and I think and that's what they were going after uh they went to interview this town. I mean it's a little dinky town. They went to interview them about the gun control laws. And uh the police said all the people said that's fine we could care less. You know we're all honest and everything like that. <SEP> Huh. We we all carry them. But we we don't mind being checked. And uh and I think it kind of took that uh neatness away from it you know. Like well heck everybody's got one you know. And So it was it was quite unusual to see the people in that town. I don't know. I. <SEP> That's kind of an odd thing. I don't know. I have a gun. And uh my folks have always had. I learned to shoot when I was real little. Uh-huh. I think that's a lot of it too is that people need to teach their kids what not to what to do and what not to do. Right. <SEP> Exactly. Because I started shooting my Dad started letting me shoot like a little air B B gun when I was probably five or six years old. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. But you know it was. This is how you hold. It this is the only place that you do it which was you know out far and away. Right. <SEP> And you don't ever touch it unless I'm here. And you don't you don't point it at people. That's what we're doing. And then they had. Then they went to the Texas Parks and Recreation I guess. But anyway the s- hunter safety program that you have to do now. Oh yeah. <SEP> I think it started in about nineteen seventy. Oh. If you want if you want to go deer hunting. And your birthday's after nineteen something fifty-five or something then you have to attend one of these hunter safety courses. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well that's neat. Or you can't get a deer license. Well that's real neat. <SEP> And it and it it's basic stuff. It's like it's don't you know when you're climbing over a barbed wire fence don't point lean your gun against it you know. Yeah. And then you crawl over it and shoot yourself. Right. <SEP> And uh those things happen. Well that's real good. It it is always incredible to me the number of times those kind of stupid accidents happen to people. Right. Right. And they usually are real basic common sense things. <SEP> Yeah. Put the safety on the gun. Don't assume always assume it's loaded. That's that's got to be the most common thing that people. I know. And people don't want to believe that. <SEP> Yeah. It's oh it's empty. It's empty. Boom !. Yeah. Well see I. I took the clip out or whatever. And I forgot about the one in the chamber. In the chamber. That's exactly right. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. Well we we're trying to teach our daughter. She knows real well about uh about her Daddy's guns what not to do and what to do around them. Oh yeah. <SEP> Does he got them locked up all the time too? When he's. Yeah um. And and she and she's real. Um she'll know. She'll even tell her friends don't ever touch my Daddy's guns or something like that. Don't even think about it. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. So she's real she's real good about it. And she's never been curious. Um. I mean cause he's always you know. If he has them out cleaning them you know she can be there. And he'll tell how he's doing it or you know show her the insides or stuff like that. <SEP> Yeah. If you make it where it's not something Curious. To be feared. And. <SEP> Not something to be curious about and not something to be totally scared about. Right. Exactly. If it if it's just one more piece of something. But they but they've got to understand like you said never touch it. Right. They'd have that respect for what it does and what it can do. <SEP> Yeah. Ours is a. We have a shotgun. And it's up in the closet. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then the shells are in another part. And it's something to think about. And I got it because my husband used to travel and be out. He was out of the country at one time for three months. Oh yeah. And I was like I live in a nice neighborhood. But still. Still. <SEP> And then I've got it so far. Sometimes I think I wonder if I I'm not about to load it because I you know I assume that the kids are not going to ever get up there. Uh-huh. And it's in a case. And it's you know it's put up. And it's away and all that. Right. <SEP> But I don't want to take the chance. And I think if somebody ever does break in it's going to take me a year to find the shells and then get it. He's got to go to a lot of trouble. Yeah. <SEP> Hold on. Hold on. Yeah. He's in here somewhere. I know he is. <SEP> Right. Yeah. Well I know how to use one. We we go hunting every once in a while. And he showed me how to use his guns. And I really enjoy it. But boy if someone did break in I don't I don't know that I could or would even grab it. I know. I I used to think about that. It was a lot easier when I was when I was single. It was one thing. And when I was just married with no kids when it was just me it was an easy decision. Uh-huh. That's true. <SEP> Yeah. It was like you you come after me you're going to get it. You know. Yes. <SEP> And now there's so many other things where are the kids what are they doing you know where is this person coming in from. Yeah. Right. <SEP> Uh you've got. And and if if you manage to get it out. And then you know what how can you even afford to to think about what what you're going to do because you don't know where your kids are at the same time. True. True. Well we we have dogs that are pretty you know very protective you know. <SEP> Ugh. We feel if they make enough noise that. Yeah. If they're stupid enough to come through then. <SEP> Yeah. It it. We have two big dogs in the backyard and always kind of thought that too kind of an extra buffer. Yeah. Yeah. They've got to be pretty stupid. And and most people that uh break in or whatever go to houses without the dogs luckily. <SEP> Yeah. Anything that the. Well any any advantage that they can take. Right. And that's one of them. So. <SEP> Unfortunately. Yeah. Well. Guess it makes it worth the dog food over the years. Yeah. Really does. Well do you think we've. <SEP> Yeah. I I think that's about all I can. Me too on gun control. We we're in pretty good agreement actually on it. Yeah. I think we are. <SEP> It would be an interesting it would be even more interesting you you to be some of these people who are at the other end of the spectrum. Right. Right. I'm glad you're not. Me too. I'm glad to find there's another reasonable person in Garland. Okay. Well good !. <SEP> Well it's been nice talking to you. You too. Thanks. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2525.txt:Okay. All set. Do you want to start? I can go ahead and start. <SEP> Sure go ahead. Uh in Dallas there's definitely a crime problem. I know it's you know worse in the larger cities. Um it's kind of a concern for me. In fact at the moment I'm thinking of possibly moving to a new apartment. And uh it's. I am single and female. You definitely are going to worry about the location and uh you know accessibility of people to be able to break in. I live on a third floor now. But I you know I'm real concerned that I I don't want to be on a first floor where you can have problems with things like that. And the um. Do they have many buildings that have security there? Some buildings do. It depends on the location. The area I live in right now is is real good as far as crime rate is concerned. And we don't have anything at all no burglar alarms no guards. Some some places do have guard gates that you have to get through or electronic access gates and things like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well I I went to Dallas uh when I worked for T I in Abilene. And uh I'm a little familiar with the city area Forest Lane and you know through that off off the freeway. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh it didn't seem like it was that congested in that that part. You know because to me where we live out here in the north east it it's there are a lot of buildings very close to each other. Uh-huh. And the cities are very populated with tenement housing where there are more than one family in a house. And with the uh people that are coming into the country from other countries not knowing the language. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um. And uh they- they're going to the big cities. It makes it very difficult. Uh-huh. <SEP> It really does. And and I've seen the same thing that you're talking about uh much more crime than ever before. Drugs of course uh a big part of it I think. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I don't know. A lot of younger people you know into more violent crimes. Oh yeah. Yeah. Tha- that that's really sad you know. You got young boys or girls that at fourteen or twelve years old that are committing murders and no remorse what so ever. Uh-huh. There's a lot of that going on in Dallas too. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It's really sad. It is. And and I don't know if it's uh the family you know thing where they're not bonding anymore where mothers are working all the time and the kids aren't getting the attention that they need or the television. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I I really think that we're we're falling by the wayside with not incarcerating these people. Oh I agree. I think that people are getting off too easy. They're getting they're getting paroled too easily. <SEP> Uh uh. They're just getting uh put on probation or something because the prisons don't have enough room. So they get they get lighter sentences. Yeah exactly. And some of those people they don't deserve to be let loose. <SEP> And uh you know they had uh. In fact on the news last night we were watching this uh man who lost his ten year old daughter. He ran out to the store for a few minutes. And he had left her home alone. Sh- now ten years old. She's old enough to be alone for a few minutes you know. Oh yeah. And while he was gone he had looked went looking for a job and stopped at the store. That's what it was. And uh someone who was in the neighborhood cleaning carpets these two men went in raped the girl murdered her and the whole bit. Oh my gosh. <SEP> And one of the men got uh I think it was seventeen years. And the other one was in for uh life imprisonment. Uh-huh. The one that was in for the seventeen years actually served seven. And he's out. Uh that's terrible. <SEP> And the man said that you know if it weren't for the fact that he would go to jail that he would eliminate this person himself. And then go to McDonalds and have a hamburger and not thing a thing think a thing about it. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I mean I think that what this is going to lead to is people will take things into their own hands. And that innocent people. Yeah. I I shouldn't say innocent because I mean ac- actually if they commit a crime that they're in the same circumstances. But. Uh-huh. <SEP> The reasons that they're doing it compared to the reason someone else is in jail for it you know it's like two different things. Yeah. Sometimes when you lose someone that you really love you do some crazy things. Yo-. I don't know. Right. It's a little more understandable under the circumstances I guess. <SEP> I I like the idea that uh if someone is from a foreign country and they come to this country and uh commit a crime I think that irregardless of whether they have already become a citizen or anything they should be immediately deported. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Especially if they're found guilty of the crime. Uh-huh. You know once they they have been arrested. And if they know beyond a shadow of a doubt these people are guilty. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's it. We don't take care of them. We don't support them nothing. Uh-huh. I mean they go right back where they came from. Right. We have enough enough problems with overcrowding in the jails as it is. So let let their country take care of it. <SEP> Exactly. And. We don't have I guess too much trouble in Dallas with. Well I guess I guess we do have a lot of people come in from Mexico that cause problems. But uh. But that's uh the- they're so close. I I don't consider Mexican people in the same category with uh especially like uh people who come from cultures that don't have the same uh kind of moral upbringing that we have. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Like you take Asian countries or uh the Eastern countries where women are like in the foreground uh in the background and the men are in the foreground. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it's like you know um they live back in whe- where we came from two hundred years ago. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know whe- we've advanced beyond that. And I think that their uh mentality as far as the way they treat them and that kind of thing. You know what I mean. Uh-huh. It was amazing. I went to the Far East uh back in October to do some training for T I. And I. Uh-huh. Uh some of those countries were so safe it was unreal. Singapore is very supposed to be very safe. And in fact Tokyo. And I thought Tokyo would be dangerous being such a huge large city with so many people. <SEP> Yeah. But they. At at the T I there I said is there any area I should avoid. And the guy said let me ask another girl here. And he turned and asked this girl and said can you think of any place where Dana shouldn't go by herself or anything. And she she thought for a few minutes. And she said no. And he said is there any place you wouldn't go by yourself. She said no. And they said it is so safe there that you can leave your purse on the subway. Wow. And somebody will turn it in. And and nothing will be missing. They said they can just about guarantee that there that that would happen if you did that. I thought boy in America if you left a purse on a subway you would never see it again. <SEP> Wow. You better believe it. If. You wouldn't even have to leave it. I mean. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> It would get snatched right off your arm. That's true. But I was thinking boy in Dallas if somebody asked me if there were places you wouldn't go by yourself at night I'd have to set them down for about five or ten minutes to list all the places out. Oh sure. I mean I couldn't believe that she couldn't think of any place. They said the apparently the crime is just uh. <SEP> That's amazing. Well wh- what's the difference there. Do you know? I'm not sure what it is there. Now I know what it is in Singapore is they have the death penalty. And they really enforce it. Oh I I believe in the death penalty. I really do. Like for drugs for drugs they they enforce the death penalty for that. Uh they're just very very tough. And I guess maybe that's the way Tokyo is too or Japan is too. They're just very tough on criminals. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I think that we're too easy. Uh-huh. Uh and we take the the uh civil liberties uh stuff too far. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know like people that are in prison I mean we didn't put them there. They put themselves in that situation. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. And as far as like them uh entertaining the rights that they should have. Uh-huh. <SEP> I mean we educate them. We feed them. We take care of them. And they no sooner get out on the street and they're back in again. Uh-huh. I'm not saying they're all bad. But I think people who are guilty of really serious heinous crimes do not deserve to be cared for for the rest of their lives. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. I think that they should be put away. Right. And if they're overcrowded well you know they shouldn't have gotten theirself there in the first place. <SEP> Get rid of them. Exactly. I I really I I think that that's the whole key here. This plea bargaining baloney where uh you know they plead to a lesser crime or uh they plead guilty in or you know tell about someone else and they they get less time. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Or if they're in there and they've got seventeen years and they're on good behavior for every year they're in they get so many less you know that they don't serve the full penalty. Uh-huh. <SEP> I I I really think we're going to far overboard with all of this. Oh yeah. I agree because it's not fair to those of us that that deserve a safe you know life to have to. Yeah. Same with drunk drivers. Right. <SEP> I think it's too easy for them. Uh-huh. That if the the laws and and were were harsher and were enforced. Uh-huh. <SEP> I mean you have to set an example. You have to start somewhere. Uh-huh. And I think that people know that they're going to get a slap on the wrist they might serve a little bit of time and that they'll be out on the street again. Uh-huh. <SEP> An it an I feel bad for the policeman because he's out there every day facing these people. This this craziness you know people with uh automatic weapons and uh all this other stuff and trying to do a job. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> And let's face it. What do they get paid. Right. Not much. Twenty thousand dollars a year if they're lucky. I wouldn't do it for that. Yeah. Huh-uh. And especially not in some of these big cities. Like in Dallas I mean they've had. They're up in the top top five I think of cities that are getting policeman killed on on in the line of duty. And that's really sad. <SEP> It is it really is. And I mean they're the first ones that take the brunt of everything. Uh-huh. You know and I'm not saying that they're all good either because there's good and bad in everything. Uh-huh. <SEP> But they they're already uh have str- three strikes against them when they're out there. Uh-huh. Because they'll arrest someone and you know go through all that paperwork and writing a report and all this and having all kinds of evidence. And you have to even be careful how you arrest them how you talk to them uh you know what they say.
sw3633.txt:Return anything. Well really the only things that I have returned have not been faulty. <SEP> It's been because of the size or some problem like that. Right. I really haven't had to return things because they didn't perform the way they were supposed to. Most the time they have a pretty good guarantee. Yeah. The only thing I've had lately is uh my kids got all these Barbie kind of toys for uh Christmas. And uh i- it takes them less than a day. And they're broken in one way or another. But I don't know if that's just kids or if that's uh. Maybe those type of products sh- should be for older kids. <SEP> Uh-huh. What age are your children? I have a five and a half and a three and a half year old that play with them. Uh-huh. And uh I don't think they're unduly rough. But maybe they are. I don't know. But uh a lot of the little Barbie sets they come with real little pieces. And they're easily lost and easily broken. But. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well my daughter is twenty-one now. So it's been a while since we've had Barbie things. It's been a while since they've uh gone through the Barbie stuff. <SEP> But we did have Barbies we did have Barbies and things. And there. Seems to me that that became a craze when she was already oh like you know third fourth fifth grade. Right. So she wasn't in it for very long before she was out of it. But uh I don't remember her breaking a lot of stuff. Don't remember her breaking uh. <SEP> No. I don't. But I also don't remember lots of little pieces. They've got so many different things with it now. Well that's one thing they've got. They've got every type of imaginable. Camping on the beach and all of these come with oh like tiny tiny little plates and little sunglasses. And uh. Goodness. My three and a half year old has wanted this Ken doll. And so I finally got her a Ken doll. And uh less than a week later the arm was broken. <SEP> Oh dear. But they were real good about replacing it. That's one nice thing is they're real good about replacing it. Well uh I guess if they'll replace them then they assume they shouldn't have broken. Right. Well the the you know those little arms are supposed to twist almost any way. And. <SEP> Any direction. She's not that strong that I would she's not that big of a girl that I think could really take a grip on it like a bigger kid could you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Yeah. The main thing that they've they had when my daughter was playing with Barbies was just clothes. Yes. <SEP> You know that was about it. That was about it. Uh-huh. And the Barbie doll itself is usually pretty durable and that kind of stuff. But. <SEP> And the main thing my kids seem to be into nowadays are electronics. My my children are twenty-one and twenty-five and twenty-eight. Oh is that right? Uh-huh. And. Well do you see that there's a big problem with electronic things? <SEP> No. Not really. We uh haven't had that much you know problem with things that we have bought. They seem to to last. In fact when they offer us extended warranties we we don't buy them because we've We don- we find we don't need them. Don't buy them because you don't need them. Yes. <SEP> And uh it seems like it's just a an added tack on. Plus a lot of the credit cards now you know will guarantee. If you purchase on your credit card you know then they put an extended warranty on it if it doesn't work or if you have a problem with it in a certain period of time. Oh yeah. So it seems like it's a waste of money. Yes. <SEP> Well you almost assume if you're going to have problems with it it's usually bef- before that warranty would expire. Any. The first one. Uh-huh. And like I've even bought on a recliner once I bought you know a a an extended warranty for cleaning and stuff like that. And I never used it. You never nee- even needed it. <SEP> And so it seems ridiculous. And like washers and dryers and things like that I've never had one go out. In fact they usually. When they do go out it's either something my husband can buy the part and fix. And we don't even have a repairman come. Or it means it's old enough that it's time to replace the whole thing. It's time to replace it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yes. So I mean. I think these extended warranties are gimmicks really. <SEP> I do too. A lot of it. We bought when we first married we bought one on our T V. And that there's. It was a five year after the first five years. And it was ridiculous. Uh-huh. And they charge you a pretty good price for them too. Yes. They're a pretty healthy price. And you're trying to think oh maybe I'll need this. You never you always think gosh if I say no then I won't you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. But. Well my husband finally just put his foot down. I don't know. <SEP> And he said we're not going to buy any of these anymore. And if it goes out well you know. You probably got your worth out of it anyway. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh so we really have been fairly happy wi- with things. But now we take good care of things. And we don't uh run out and buy a lot of of things either. And since our kids aren't little anymore I'm not buying a lot of those little things that can get broken. Yes. The little. Well you probably are real careful of the brands you buy. And the when you do buy things you probably watch what kind of type of. Well you look at the consumer guide. Yes. <SEP> And uh you go around. And you look at the different ones and find the ones that have the.
sw3408.txt:I was going to say my uh college is Northern State University in Aberdeen South Dakota. And our head football coach Dennis Muir used to be an assistant coach at B Y U. Oh really. So I thought that was kind of an in- interesting coincidence. <SEP> Huh. So you went to what college? Uh Northern State University in Aberdeen South Dakota. And what did you graduate in? I ju-. In what major or what year? <SEP> Yeah. Major. International business. Oh really. Yeah. And you? <SEP> I'm going to B Y U. And I'm going into nursing. Okay. So. Well that sounds interesting. How long of a program is that? <SEP> Forever. Seems like anyways. It's about five years. But it's probably going to take me longer because I didn't decide to major in that until uh about a year and a half after I was already in school. So. You know I read a study once. And it said that uh like thirty-four percent of uh college students actually graduate in four years from a four year program. <SEP> Oh really. That sounds. It took me it took me five years. Yeah. So you just you get started. And you change your mind. Or you want to pick up a second major. If you're management you you thought I I'll take that marketing. It's just only was three more classes you know. <SEP> Yeah. And you just doesn't happen that you get out in four years. Uh-huh. But. <SEP> So what is your advice to picking a college. My advice is is uh look for at the student to faculty ratio you know. If you're going to go to a college where student faculty ratio is three and four hundred to one I don't think you're going to have as meaningful of a college experience as if you're down to the thirty to forty to one. <SEP> Uh-huh. Is that what was yours more like? Yeah. Was there a. It was about twenty-six to one. <SEP> Really. Yeah. Oh that's great. Which is you know. It it's interesting. But it it's. What I thought was nice is you could al- there was always time to talk to professor you know. And and they knew you. <SEP> Uh-huh. You weren't just in their class you know. And so you could you could go talk to them in their office almost at any time. And or if you ran into them in the student union or whatever you know you could sit down talk to them about a problem. They're always willing to help you out. So but I I's I I put that against uh my high school where we had uh a biology class of three hundred and fifty students. And. Wow in high school? Yeah. <SEP> Oh. It was a biology lecture class. Wow. And you know it it just wasn't the same. You're sitting there. And you're taking notes. And you know you got a computerized test scores multiple choice because there's no way they could correct a three hundred fifty point short answer test uh you know a three hundred fifty person short answer test. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it just wasn't the same. You you'd run you'd pass the teacher in high school. And even in high school you could say high to your teachers unless you're in that biology class. And they just they'd look at you like do I know you? Or should I know you? Uh-huh. Yeah. There's it's. The classes here are pretty big. So it's hard to get individual help. It's kind of you're on your own. Do you get uh a lot of tutoring. Or. <SEP> No. Very little I mean. Well like my. For example I have I'm in a chemistry class right now. Uh-huh. And there's tons of students in it. And there's one T A for the whole class. <SEP> And he only has certain office hours. And so there's only certain times you can talk to him. And. And you could get there. And his office hours could I mean he could have like a nine to eleven in the morning office hours and have forty-two people waiting to talk to him. And you still didn't get to talk to him anyway. Right. Yeah. Well what would be your advice to a parent of a child thinking of attending college? <SEP> Oh man. I think your advice is good. Um let's see. My advice would be to pick a major before you get into college. That's excellent advice. Because I I didn't. And I took tons of classes that I didn't need to. And um I don't know. I just feel like I'm it's it's going to take me a lot longer than. And not that's always bad. But it's. I don't know. It's frustrating I guess. Well it it it does get it. You know you get to the point where it's I'm never going to get done. <SEP> Right. You know I I mean I was taking summer classes. And let me get out of here. Yep. But uh no. That's good advice. Even if you don't have your major decided on have an idea what you think you might want you know. So you don't want management. But you think you want business.
sw2065.txt:Okay. The question was um what what is your opinion of youth uh spending a year or two in in public service. I think it would be a great idea. I'm not sure about requiring it you know of people because people are going you know feeling resentful. I don't know. But I think it would be a great idea. Yeah. <SEP> Seems like there's so many kids that don't have any since of you know what they want to be or do. Or you know they could learn something and maybe help other people at the same time. And we sure our country all countries sure need help. So. Huh-uh. Would uh would you be more in favor of uh you know like a local uh. My only experience with it I was in Central America for a while and uh in San Salvador in El Salvador. Huh-uh. <SEP> Huh-uh. For instance everybody had what they called there social year that they had to put in. Oh really. And basically it was a uh repayment for for uh high school education. <SEP> Huh-uh. And most of them joined the Red Cross. And it was done internally. I just. There was very little external. I think possibly what uh they're thinking about here more external Peace Corps Type things where we're sending people off shore. Yeah. <SEP> Well I think that would be real interesting for people to do. But I guess my concern about that would be the cost involved trying to train people in a new language and ship them you know to other countries. Huh-uh. And but I don't know. If you did it internally and it was just people in your own country then maybe countries that are so poor that they wouldn't be able to really you know send children to do that. Yeah. <SEP> I didn't know. I don't I don't know how the Peace Corps works. I guess I was of age when the Peace Corps came in and all that. Yeah. I was too. <SEP> I thought seriously about joining at that time. I thought it was a fantastic idea. Did you ever get any information on it like. I sent off for stuff on it. But I don't remember that much. About it. I know that they trained you in the language. And um. That's what I was wondering about was whether they actually. <SEP> You actually got paid too while in the Peace Corps. It wasn't much. Yeah. But I guess they you could put some money aside while you were there your expenses and. Wasn't Jimmy Carter's mama that was in the Peace Corps? <SEP> Yeah. I think so. Yeah. Yeah. But it might be interesting to see what would happen if you took kids at a and then took then to another country instead of having being exposed to all the drugs and violence and sex and everything here and take them to some other country that had different moral values like Saudi Arabia where they couldn't drink. Where they couldn't do that. Yeah. You might end up with a revolution. I don't know which end though. <SEP> Really. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's been interesting though the kids that have been over you know coming back right now you know. Yeah. You wonder if being exposed to that for a while what percentage of them would actually say Hey that's not a bad way to do it. Because from what I understand from some of the guys I know you know crime uh is punishable just almost uh instantly and public. <SEP> Public hanging. Yeah. Public hanging and this sort of thing you know. So you don't have just a whole lot of what we consider street crimes. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I've heard that like in China and stuff there is virtually no such thing as rape because if you rape somebody you'd be murdered you know on the you know street. So. Yeah. Well I guess that's uh the price of freedom I guess is a little anyway. The uh uh the the public service thing again. I I I guess in my own having had the whole three or four minutes to you know give it a great deal of thought you know Um I I think I agree with you one hundred percent about it being some sort of voluntary. But when you do that then it becomes almost uh a. Or it can be. <SEP> Yeah. You know there have. People will kind of set up their own little club. Yeah. That's true. And uh but if you know. <SEP> People that might benefit most from it might not go in that situation you know like people that really are trapped in a ghetto or something like that. Yeah. Might not go if it was voluntary. But I don't know how they'd enforce it. If it was. Yeah. Well if they went AWOL what are you going to do. <SEP> Yeah. Shoot them. Put them in jail. <SEP> I don't know. Send them over to Iraq. Yeah. Right. Have a vacation in Iraq for a year. I know my dad always talked about uh. He was in C C C during uh. <SEP> Yeah. And he was uh a rock rib Iowa type republican. And the only good thing he could ever say about uh the whole Roosevelt administration was uh civilian conservation corps. Huh-uh. Because he was in it. He thought that was great. <SEP> Yeah. The rest of it was all hog wash. But that was great. Well it seems like it would develop pride you know in people if if it's in their own country. It would certainly help them to appreciate some of the things that we have here and develop some pride in them if it was handled that way. I I. It would take quite a few people. I think it might build jobs for people you know that were administrating and running and training and coordinating and all that. So maybe that part of it would be helpful too. Yeah. <SEP> I don't know. Yeah. The only. Like to have a volunteer come here and rake leaves and mow the grass and. Well you know that brings up the interesting subject too you know. What would you have who who who would determine what these people do. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. You know if uh you know if it's run by the individual state. You know like C C C was run by the army. And in effect. Huh-uh. And the only opposition to it really was that it was you know starting some sort of a military elitist type you know special corps of cadre of people and that sort of thing. <SEP> Huh-uh. And uh when the politics get real confusing. Yeah. Really there could be um some scandals involved if you know it wasn't people that were really fair and le- you know in a legal way or something. Yeah. <SEP> They could send all the people over to uh you know one particular part of town or one particular project that somebody had paid somebody to you know get supported. Or. Yeah. Well. We've gotten to the point where you know if if well if the racial make up of the group was such and such you know they'd have to do that percentage of work and what is perceived to be that part of town and you know That kind of thing. <SEP> Yeah. That could be a complicated too couldn't it. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Suppose uh well you know they had a group who were construction oriented. And they went and they they built uh can't think of a good example a swimming pool or anything you know. And one you can you can only build it in one place you know. And know matter where you build it somebody else is going to scream well you didn't build one over here. Yeah. That's true. Unfair or something. Yeah. Yeah. I think uh. Oh boy. <SEP> It's one of those things on the surface you know it seems like a great idea. It's like a joke I heard once about uh elephant foot soup you know. It's easy to do once you find a elephant foot. It's uh the logistics of the thing that uh gets you going. <SEP> Yeah. Really. Yeah. Well it seems like there's there's a lot. You don't hear much on the news about young people really you know wanting to do anything good or anything like that. But you know I'm sure that there are a lot of young people out there that really do have good hearts and are willing to help and serve and that kind of thing. I just I saw on the news the other night that the uh the little girl that used to be the littlest girl on the Cosby show Kisha Knight Pullman was starting a. I guess now she's practically a teenager. Yeah. <SEP> She started some type of um national organization for youth to volunteer to teach tutor other kids to read and you know do different service projects like that and trying to get youth more directed towards you know helpful things. And I know everyone like in the high schools in Dallas. There's a couple high schools that have wanted to start like a um minority you know. I think it was in a Hispanic area. They wanted to start like a club for the teenagers instead of they said all these gangs kids could join to belong. Huh-uh. But they didn't have anything positive the kids could be doing helping you know. Yeah. <SEP> So they were trying to start that out. So if there's people out there that are willing to you know kids that are willing to sacrifice their time and energy. Gosh we ought to use them. You know. If they're willing to do it. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's it's just the you know. Here you are to the logistics of the thing again you know. <SEP> Yeah. Who's going to run it you know. What. How. Oh it's just so many. Yeah. Like like I said at the beginning I've got so many connections with people in Central America. My daughter-in-law is Panamanian you know. <SEP> Huh-uh. And they have situations like like that down there. Where they they have these the social in some sort of way. Huh-uh. If you want to go to school outside the country and many Salvadorians did they'd go to school in Cornell Iowa of all places. <SEP> Huh-uh. And when they came back they'd have to serve this this year. And it turned out to be kind of a joke. The ones I knew you know always chose the Red Cross because they didn't do anything. Oh I see. And they had all kinds of uh things they could go into agricultural and you know Really good stuff. <SEP> Yeah. But uh unless there was a flood or a fire or something like that Red Cross it was so many of them in it that at any particular chance your chance of having to do something was it was very slim. Yeah. Yeah. And so. <SEP> Well we um belong to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints which is like the Mormon church. Huh-uh. Huh-uh. And um there there is men and also women. Women aren't nearly as frequent. And also that have elderly couples once their kids have left that can volunteer to go on a mission. And um they're all over the world. And it's incredible logistics. I mean they have a training center where they teach them. It's called the Missionary Training Center in Utah. And they have to be taught the language and customs and all those kinds of things. Yeah. <SEP> And then they um you know go and actually live in that country for the the uh. Young men do it for two years and the young women for eighteen months. Okay. Then that's uh kind of a private organization. Right. You know I'm I'm familiar with. My instructor pilot was a Mormon. He was he was a good construction uh you know in- instructor pilot because he considered himself indestructible. <SEP> Oh yeah. He had a direct connection somewhere uh. Yeah. Right. He felt that he really had an in. So You know things he would do with an airplane. <SEP> Yeah. But any rate that's off the subject. Yeah. But I. <SEP> They they don't get paid for it. And um but there is funding that comes. They're supposedly saving up on their own. And the church helps them out some. Huh-uh. But you know that it is incredible you know. I see how they were organized in Central and South America. <SEP> Yeah. And uh it's uh. Yeah.
sw2008.txt:Hi Cynthia. What did you wear to work today? Um let's see. What did I wear to work today? Um actually I wore corduroy shorts with a white blouse um and flat shoes. So can you dress pretty casually? <SEP> Um on occasion. On occasion. Yeah. Um I do vary. Um you know I wear suits. I wear skirts and sweaters. On occasion I can wear jeans. Um how about you? Well I um run a business out of my home. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I tend to get up in the morning put on sweats um do whatever I want to do with the kids then whenever I have a meeting with a client I'll put a suit on. And then come home and get back into regular clothes again. Yes. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um you know there's real no no real dress code where I work. Um you see people wearing you know all different attire. I um don't like to wear heels that really tires me out. I work in a big building. Yeah. So I predominantly wear flat shoes. Um you know in the winter I wear sweaters. In summer I you know I like one piece dresses short sleeves things like that. I've recently um tried to update my wardrobe trying to put suits together that I can interchange the jackets and the blouses and all that a lot. <SEP> Right. Right. That's helped me a lot with having. I can only have a a limited wardrobe since I'm only working part-time right now. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Um but still it gives it some variety. Add different blouses and scarves and belts and things like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. Right. Accessories. Uh-huh. What about your casual wear? Do you like to wear jeans most of the time? <SEP> Um yeah. Mostly. I mean at home I predominantly wear sweatpants and things like that also. Yeah. It's nice you can wear shorts especially on a day like today when it's so hot. <SEP> Yeah. Well they're um you know they're like Ber-. Dress shorts. Yeah. They're like black corduroy Ber- Bermuda shorts. Yeah. <SEP> And sometimes I wear a blazer with them. And I get really a lot of compliments on them. Um where I work is predominantly male. Yeah. So you know they. Their attire is always the same you know. Suits or slacks you know jeans whatever. <SEP> Yeah. But. And um but I'm really the only woman I guess at work that does that. But seems to work for me. Yeah. But. <SEP> In fact I just bought I I just got a new outfit as a gift that um. It's one of those skorts. You know th-. It's shorts but it looks like a skirt. Uh-huh. So I think that'll be good for work too. Oh yeah. It'll be comfortable. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. So. I guess down here uh. We just recently moved to Texas. So my wardrobe has changed quite a bit. Uh-huh. Um we moved from Colorado where. And I have a closet full of sweaters. <SEP> Uh-huh. That. Well see I live in Virginia. You live in Virginia now? <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh that's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm. You know like right now today was in about you know the fifties. Uh-huh. <SEP> But um you know I I do wear a lot of sweaters and things like sweater dresses. Yeah. I'd like to be able to wear those here. Today it's eighty-eight degrees. Oh my. So. <SEP> Uh-huh. Needless to say my sweaters have been hung in the closet for quite a while now. Uh-huh. Today was uh definitely a shorts day around here. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. We're still pretty much you know in winter as far as that goes here. This is pretty un- unseasonal. But uh at least we. You know it it it feels good. It gets uh. Everybody doesn't have cabin fever today. It's nice to get out and about. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I guess we've discussed everything there is about clothing. Okay. <SEP> Sounds good. Okay? It was nice talking to you. <SEP> Okay. It was nice talking to you also. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2477.txt:Okay. So which uh what basketball teams are you interested in? Well I guess I'm a big Laker L A Laker fan when it comes to pros. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh the college ranks um I guess I really. Of course I try to follow my alma mater. That's uh B Y U in Utah. Uh-huh. But they don't have much of a team usually. No. They're more of a football team than they are basketball team. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. You see them in football on T V once in awhile. Yeah. You never see them on a on nationally basketball. You know that's true. I don't think I've ever seen them nationally on basketball. <SEP> They uh last year they had a really good team. The year that Danny Aines was there. Uh-huh. That was about five six years ago by now. Huh. <SEP> So they made it to the sweet sixteen once or twice in their history. Um. That's not too bad. <SEP> And that's. And they usually lose in the first round. Uh-huh. <SEP> How about you? Well I'm uh originally from the Saint Louis area. So the only basketball team pro anyway in that part of the country is Chicago. So I I do pull for Chicago. Uh-huh. I mean of course this year is a good year to be a a Chicago B- fan I guess because they're doing pretty good. <SEP> Is it the Bulls you're talking about? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The pro. Um as far as college teams uh I know it's really easy to say. But I've been pulling for uh Duke for about four years now. So uh so I finally am feeling better about myself as far as college teams. Although I've I've really you know. <SEP> Is that right? Again being from Saint Louis I pull for Missouri. Uh-huh. Uh but they're on uh probation this year. So you can't do much about that. <SEP> No. No. But uh. So did you watch the uh final four this year? Oh yeah. I watched every uh I watched all three games of that. <SEP> Every game? And uh I was very pleased with all three games because Kansas uh. You know I was pulling for Kansas on the other side. So it was real nice to have the the teams that were there. Right. Right. Of course I wasn't really. I mean I I. U N L V kind of gave me the impression of being a uh uh oh I don't know a macho team you know. They just didn't seem they seemed to think they were better than everybody else. And and maybe they were. But um I was real happy to see them get knocked off. So. <SEP> Yeah. I I watched that game. Uh-huh. And uh it was a good game. Oh yeah. <SEP> It was a very close game and hard fought game. And it just. I don't know. It looked like U N L V may have had more uh talent. Yeah. But as far as playing together as a team that day it didn't Duke seemed to have them off balance. Uh-huh. <SEP> And that uh they didn't couldn't. Aren't they more of a running gun team? U N L V. Yeah. They they play the pro style is what I've always called it. Right. And uh. <SEP> Yeah. Fast breaks and things and. Yeah. The fast breaks and and. They shut all that down and made them play half court it seemed. And. Right. And uh U N L V wasn't used to that. Of course I've I knew whenever U N L V went in at half time. See I don't know if they were necessarily behind. But they weren't ahead as much as they normally are. <SEP> Right. Uh and you know that meant that they had to play a second half. And they they've not had to do that all year. And uh. Right. Right. They didn't have they didn't have to go through some tough games during the year. And that and that so that's a terrible time to have to deal with that right in when it when it counts so much. That's right. I mean Duke's schedule was was so much harder than U N L V's that it uh it just made them a much tougher team overall. <SEP> Right. And uh that had to help them a lot. I think I think that that probably was the difference in that game. Uh-huh. <SEP> Because it really could have gone an- either way. Down to the end you know. So do I take it that you think though that the Lakers will uh will win. Well. Or. <SEP> I don't know. Probably not. I mean Portland's pretty good. Um. Since Kareem's retired they haven't had a center. Yeah. <SEP> And uh they've got Perkins. Yeah. But I don't think he's really been a super star for them. No. Well he's uh. I don't. I. He he to me is not a center. He's more of a a real tall forward. <SEP> Yeah. Right. Right. Uh. <SEP> So. I think Magic does a. They'll make it you know. I- i- it it's going to be a war between uh between Chicago and uh and uh uh Boston Celtics. Oh yeah. <SEP> That's going to be a war. That sure is. It. It's going to be a great series. I think that's going to be one of those that's uh that's won by the home team you know. <SEP> Yeah. Whoever has home court advantage is going to win that one I think. One of those two will probably be um in there. Um let me see. Where does Detroit fit in? Detroit's in that same uh that that same uh division. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I don't know. Those three. Uh Detroit hasn't been having that great a year this year. No. But as I heard Isaiah came back this week. Uh-huh. So uh that might help them. <SEP> Yeah. They have the they have the play-off experience. But. Oh yeah. So does Detroit I mean so does Chicago. So do- all three of them do with Larry Bird back uh. Oh yeah. <SEP> You can never count the Celtics out when Larry Bird's starting to click on all cylinders. That's true. Uh-huh. <SEP> They say he's starting to do starting to play. He's yeah but he's been yeah but he's been kind of up and down all year. Right. Uh one game and he'll be playing to where everything he throws up goes in. And then the next time he'll you know he can't seem to hit the side of a barn. <SEP> Right. So I don't know. Right. I'm I'm kind of I'm not sure about him this year. <SEP> Last I've heard is that he's starting to peak right now. Uh-huh. Well that's when you do it. He's starting to be more consistent you know right at the right time of the year. <SEP> Yeah. Oh any dark horses I uh you know. Well the dark horses. <SEP> San Antonio San Antonio is the dark horse that could could really flip in there I think. Yeah. That's. Yeah. Well anybody who has David Robinson has got to have a chance anyway. <SEP> Yeah. He's got to be pretty much you know. I use to say Akimo Lija was the dominant player you know when he. Uh-huh. <SEP> Against any team he would dominate. But Robinson's getting up there where every game he's just. That's right. I mean it looks like he's going in for a dunk. And they kind of just scoot out of his way or take a step back you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Nobody's got enough beef I guess to challenge him when he's when he's driving hard to the hoop. Huh. He's uh he's. Too bad the Mavericks couldn't get him. That's true. <SEP> With Roy Tarpley they're in big trouble. Yeah. Well then he's gone now. So they don't have to worry about that. Yeah. For awhile anyway. Well I thought he was gone period. I I didn't read the story. But I I read that uh. <SEP> I heard he was suspended. Because of his. Well that might have been what it was. But I I guess the headlines said something about him you know that the Mavericks released him or something. I maybe I misunderstood what they meant. <SEP> Um. If they did they'd still have to pay his contract. Well yeah. They may have done it. You never know. <SEP> It was a lot of money. He was making like. Yeah. But. I heard on the radio it was sixty-three thousand and change a month. That's what he was being paid you know. He wasn't even playing. Yeah. <SEP> Oh boy what a good job he had. That's what I think. He ruined his sweet position. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I'm looking forward to the the pro play-off uh. Yeah. It's coming up isn't it. L A. Yeah. San Antonio. Who's the other one that's doing so well this year. Port- is that Portland? Portland. Yeah. Portland. <SEP> Portland. I haven't seen them on much T V that much at all. But all I can do is hear about. Boy they have the seeing eye. Uh-huh. What do they have. Walter Davis and. They've got two the two Johnson brothers. Or they're not brothers. But I mean there's two guys named Johnson on their team that are really good or doing good or something. I forget how that works. But um like I said they're doing extremely good right now. <SEP> Um. Phoenix isn't doing too bad. So It it ought to be a real interesting play-off. Right. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think there's any clear pick you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> I guess the two teams that you can't count out are the Celtics because of Bird and the Lakers because of Magic Johnson. Uh-huh. They are two guys that seem to find a way when they. When it's on the line. <SEP> When it's on the line they seem to find a way. You know. Uh-huh. Uh so those are what makes a champion I guess. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> Yeah. Well it's been nice talking to you. Nice talking to you. All right. Take care. <SEP> Take care. Bye.
sw2584.txt:Okay. Do you go camping very much? No. I've haven't gone camping in years. But it's is something that I've done in the past. How about you? Uh we try to go once maybe twice a summer. Uh we uh just you know for like a short weekend or something. <SEP> That's that's pretty average to me. We don't go for the long you know week long thing. Uh-huh. But we usually go to uh a lake area you know where the campsites are and do that. Uh. <SEP> Right. Do you tent camp. Or do you have a camper? Oh no. No. No. A tent. <SEP> That's what I ha- you know. That's how I camp too. That's how I define camping. Me too. You're really roughing it. The rest the rest of that is re- really not the same. Yeah. <SEP> As a matter of fact my my you know the majority of the amount of camping I've done has been really roughing it. Um as a little girl I'd go with my dad and my uncle and my brother. And we went to the Boundary Waters area in Minnesota. So that's that's really wild. Oh. Yeah. Are you here in local Texas. I mean? <SEP> Yes. I'm in Austin. Where are you? I'm in Garland. Oh. Right outside of Dallas. <SEP> Uh-huh. So we um we have a five year old. And we started taking her she was pretty young when we started uh camping with her. Oh the kids love it. I know. <SEP> I mean they just love it. It's wonderful for them to be outside. I know. And then they and they you know. There's no T V. And they don't have all these modern toys. And they have to use sticks and rocks and stuff like that to play with. Exactly. <SEP> Yes. And I like that. It's pretty fun. Well how it. It's really is a is a good good family thing to do. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And. We we try to uh go with another couple that have children also. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh that makes it a lot more enjoyable. Plus you know we don't have to go out and buy all the equipment and stuff you know. We kind of split it up. Uh. Good planning. Yeah. Because it gets it really does get expensive if you if you don't want to rough it all the way. <SEP> Exactly. You know even the sleeping bags those are running you know a good thirty dollars a pop. And and so we've built that up. You're right. But. <SEP> Do you have a boat? No. No? Want one bad. Do you? <SEP> Oh well actually I would you know what I would love? I would absolutely love a sail boat. Oh. That doesn't go along with camping. But now that that that's what I would like to have. Yes. <SEP> Yeah. I would too. <SEP> Yeah. Would too. We usually. Uh let's see. We try to go to a lake. My husband and this uh other couple that we go with her husband um kind of likes um is it scuba dive? And so we'll go to a lake and uh where they can go do that. Uh-huh. We're close enough so they can do that. And the girls can play on the beach area. <SEP> And I would play on the beach area too. Yeah. That's what I would do. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. That's fun. I'm just sitting here list- listening to your accent and thinking what a good time the computer is going to have with that. Really? Am I pretty Texan? <SEP> You're pretty Texan. Yes. But you know you know what's really funny? Um I've had people tell me that I have a Texas accent. And and I mean there is just no way I've not picked one up. No. You don't you don't sound like it to me. <SEP> I've only lived here about six years. Oh have you? So i- i- if I have one it must be very very slight. Yeah. <SEP> The Yankees can hear it. Yes. Oh that's true. That's true. I see I don't think I do. But uh but a lot of people do say I sound like. I guess I have I guess more of a twang to my voice. Uh-huh. <SEP> Are you a a native Texan? I sure am. Oh. I've lived here all my life. <SEP> Well good for you. But any way uh. Have you ever been to Austin? Yes. Yes. We went last summer actually. <SEP> This. How was. I'm wondering I'm really not that not familiar. I know there are some good places to go camping along the uh the lakes. Or is there? Okay. Well we didn't go camping. We just uh we did like uh we drove down to Houston to visit friends. And we went to Galveston and uh to San Antonio and then up to Austin. And and kind of uh you know doing the sight seeing type stuff. Uh-huh. So we didn't go camping. That would be fun though to go. That's one thing my husband wanted to do was on this summer's vacation was to go and camp wherever we went. And I said Well I'd love that. But. <SEP> It takes a lot more planning. It does. And and ever once you know on my summer vacation you know my week-long vacation I want to be a little bit pampered you know by a hotel and a waiter. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. So we're hoping to do like a three day weekend. There's um a thing called Pfeiffer Rim. I don't know if you have ever heard of it? <SEP> No. I haven't. It's uh there's a town called Glenrose. I think it's around two hours from here. And uh it's it has like dinosaur tracks and stuff like that. Oh that sounds That sounds great. And it's got one of those wildlife parks. <SEP> Yeah. I think that'll be fun. So we're going to try to do that like on a three day weekend go there. And. Have you ever camped out of state? No. I haven't. <SEP> You know where you should try sometime is Colorado. Where at? It is beautiful. Is it? <SEP> Absolutely beautiful. I've just been up there skiing. And well we've driven through and you know but but not you know camping or anything. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I would love to camp in the mountains. Yes. <SEP> Estes State Park is fantastic. That's what my girlfriend says. Yes. She loves that place. See you need to go there. She loves that. She says that where we need to go sometime. <SEP> It is. It's you know it's it's high canyon. And uh and there's this little mountain lakes. And it's very peaceful. Oh. And um in in the early fall time. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um I can't remember what type of trees they are. But they all the leaves turn yellow. Oh. And it's just brilliant. And. I love that. <SEP> Yes. You would. You'd like it very much. That's neat. That's neat. I know you would. I used to go camping all the time as a a Girl Scout. <SEP> I was too. All the time. I got real used to it then. Yeah. I felt like we roughed it then. <SEP> Uh well we did you know. We really did. I mean I just don't understand these people that think taking an R V and parking it and sitting inside and watching T V and having your microwave. Right. Yes. <SEP> Exactly. It's not camping. I mean we had to make the fires and dig latrines and everything. <SEP> Right. Right. I mean that is it. You have to get poison ivy and all that good stuff to really be camping. Right. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. Well do you you you say you haven't been in years? No. I haven't. I'm um I'm a struggling single mom. Oh gosh bless your heart. <SEP> And uh. Thank you. Um it's you know. Time is precious. Money's precious. Yes. <SEP> Um and i- i- it it. I think I haven't been able to do it. And you know what that was one of the things I really thought I'd like to do with my children you know again. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And th- I'm a little bit fearful of trying that just women. I don't blame you. <SEP> You know? I don't blame you at all. I hope. Years ago it would have been fine. But. <SEP> Yes. I I really now n- n-. I I have gone on one little vacation just the girls and I. We drove down to Port Aransas and rented a little efficiency you know and and had a marvelous like two nights. Oh. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And that was great. And even at that it it was like the first time that I ventured you know out of the city by myself. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and you know I I stayed in a nice place. But it's still it's real different not to have another adult with you. Yes. I kn-. You know. I can imagine. <SEP> I'm just a chicken. I know lots of women would do it all the time. No. I don't blame you not nowadays. <SEP> I haven't quite adjusted you know? Yeah. Now are you with T I down there? Well I I was with T I until January. I uh I left T I in January hoping to strike out and find a job where I could make some money. Good. <SEP> So well it's It was a good plan but I haven't yet. Have you? Okay. <SEP> I got into sales. And I'm selling uh telephone systems. Oh. Oh that's neat. <SEP> And it's it's fun. And it's interesting. But it's also um pretty challenging. And I haven't I haven't started making money yet. Um. It's hard isn't it? So yeah. It's it's hard. Now how old are your girls? <SEP> Eleven and fourteen. Oh goodness. Yeah. So I'm old. No. You're not old. <SEP> You're not old at all. Well excuse me just second. Sure. <SEP> Honey I'll be wi-. Yeah. Go ahead. There's someone at the door. Oh okay. Do you need to go? Well um I'm going to listen. We always check and see if we should answer the door at night. Yeah. <SEP> That's very smart. Yeah. So well I've enjoyed this. Yeah. Me too. <SEP> And uh. And good luck. How many have you made so far calls? I I haven't made any. I've been just a recipient. Oh have you? They're all. This is only about my second one I've ever made. I've been a recipient on the others. How many have you had so far do you know? <SEP> I think I've had about four. Four. That's good. Ye-. Yeah. Very good. <SEP> That's four each. Well you know when I had to sup-. This is my my Gemini nature you know. It's like what are you interested in. Yes. And it's like virtually anything. I'll talk about anything to anybody. Yeah. I don't. Yeah. You bet. You bet. <SEP> And it's it's been real interesting the different personalities. That I run across. I know. Yes. I always try to find out where they're from you know. <SEP> Exactly. Cause because it is neat. Uh-huh. It really is. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well then I guess I'll let you go so you can go get the door. And. Well thank you. And um I enjoyed talking with you. You me too. <SEP> You have a good time camping. When you go next time think of me. Thanks. Okay. Thank you. <SEP> All right. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2893.txt:So. Okay. Do you rec- exercise regularly. Yeah. I sure do. <SEP> What do you do? Uh I ride a bicycle quite a bit and uh work out with free weights. Okay. I love to ride a bicycle. I live right near White Rock Lake. So I used to I try to ride about ten to twenty miles a day. But I haven't been doing so well this year. <SEP> Oh that's good. But. I went an last year I went an was exercising on a bike for a while. And I when I'd gotten back I had gotten some sun that day. The sweat had built up on me and built up under my skin and caused me to peel. It was the sweating not the burn. Oh that's weird. <SEP> That was wild. But I exercise I don't exercise now. I just had a baby three months ago. I haven't really gotten back into exercising. Oh yeah. But I exercised real good for a couple of years. It was aerobics and lifting weights three nights a week. And it was running three nights a week. So what's your motivation? <SEP> What what's my motivation? Yeah. A friend of mine always pushing me. This was in Louisiana. And she would push you know. She was hey. Let's go do it. And you know she wouldn't take no for an answer. Was it for health or to look good? <SEP> Oh I ju- I just wanted to look good. Yeah. I was think. It wasn't really health related. It was just a side benefit. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm not I'm not big or anything. But I'm not in great shape. So. But when I worked out I got in pretty good shape. I didn't build up muscle though. I just got real good and toned. Yeah. I don't think women look good with muscles. Up to a point. <SEP> Up to a point. No. M- yeah. Yeah. It's just some of those women that come up there looking like Arnold Schwarzenegger's sister just doesn't get it. Yeah. So what was what was the other question. Let's see do you do it as a task. Or do you enjoy enjoy working out. <SEP> I guess it's a task'cause I can't make myself do it lately. Yeah. I think I uh I enjoy it sometimes. And there's other times when I just get tired of it. And and I feel like I'm obligated to do it because I've been doing it. Yeah. So I should keep up. <SEP> You don't want to lose yourself. And there's some days it's just like it's the hardest thing in the world to to get started. Well how old are you? I'm uh twenty-seven. <SEP> Okay. So you're still young. Yeah. Still young getting older. We all are. So. Yeah. But uh. <SEP> It's not hard to stay. Well if you keep working out when you're young though when you get older you know your body's not going to look as bad. I seen an old woman today. She was about eighty. And she looked so good. Yeah. I mean she was standing just as straight and tall. And she had a small waist. And she didn't have you know like. You know how some older women will get the big bulge right in the middle. Right. <SEP> A- she didn't have that at all. She her lips were a little bit wide. But a lot of. Back in her time they liked women with big hips anyway. Right. So she may be keeping that on purpose. So. Yeah. I notice if you uh if you stay in shape you don't age as bad. <SEP> Uh-huh. I think too. I was I go to school too at night. And last semester I had stopped working out'cause I hurt myself and started smoking a lot. And you just. Those kind of things age you more. Well smoking ages you quick. Right. An. <SEP> It puts those little wrinkles around your lips. Right. An you can't. And then you know it just kind of feeds itself. You smoke. And then you don't work out because you. You get winded. Right. And so. <SEP> Oh I smoke a pack a day. An. I finally quit because like I just all I was doing was going down hill fast. I can't quit smoking. I've tried. I was telling a friend of mine that I'd be almo- almost as bad as being an alcoholic. Yeah. <SEP> I can't quit smoking. I've tried. I just can't do it. I quit when I was pregnant with my kids. But you know as soon as I had them right back to it. Right back to them. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> It was like you know. That was the only reason I quit. I didn't want to. Oh that's. And I don't want to quit smoking. I enjoy that. I said I have very few vices. I'll keep this one thank you. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But uh did you ever go to like one of those health clubs or anything? I went to health club a few years ago. And now I work out at home because I don't really my schedule with school and work I don't have time to get down to one. Uh-huh. There used to be one that was a twenty-four hour that I used to go to. But uh I actually prefer to work out alone. <SEP> I like to work out with people. Really. I need. Like you. I I need competition is what I need. Yeah. <SEP> I've got to have somebody to compete with. Or I don't want to do anything. I wouldn't mind having you know working out with a friend and and stuff. But when you get into some of these some of health clubs where you just stand around and wait. Uh-huh. Are you. You know I like to start get it done and get out of there. <SEP> Uh-huh. Are you married or anything? No. I'm not. No. Well get your girlfriend to work out with you. A lot of women like that. I'd love it if my husband would ask me to work out with him. He doesn't work out very often. Course he don't need to. He's small. And he works as a laborer on the railroad. Yeah. <SEP> So you know he's building his muscles up all day. He doesn't have to do anything. Right. He can eat like a horse too. And he don't you know he don't gain it like I do. But uh. Uh especially having a kid I guess tends to just gain weight because you have to to to uh. <SEP> Yeah. You have to. Well you can gain too much weight. I gained a little bit too much. But I looked. With my first little boy I did gain a lot of weight. I got I got about fifty pounds overweight with him. And I didn't loose it until two years ago. And then I got pregnant and you know ruined that. So. Just have to start all over. <SEP> Yeah. Well actually like I say it ain't as bad this time because I was in shape when I got pregnant. Right. I wasn't out of sha- I wasn't overweight when I got pregnant with him. I just wasn't in in shape. I don't know the difference. But. Yeah. Some people are a little bit fanatical about it. You know I. <SEP> About weight? Well yeah. And about working out and fitness you know. Exercise. I like to to work out to look good and stay in shape. And you know I know it's good for me. But people that live for it and you know eat a bunch of different pills and all that kind of stuff it gets a little bit obsessive. <SEP> Well that's what my friend did. Well she was she was with the wheat germ and all the vitamins and everything else. And really we was you know. Even with her taking all those e- expensive vitamins and stuff we stayed right on the same track with each other you know developing and everything. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Now there. You can take those uh. What is it? Steroids. <SEP> Steroids. Yeah. I couldn't think. Yeah. There's really bad for you. I was goin- I was trying to say hemorrhoids. No. I was trying to say hem- hormones. Hem- hormones. <SEP> Yeah. Hormones. But. Yeah. Uh steroids. But I stay from that crap. Yeah. It's too dangerous. Oh I wouldn't I could just see hair start growing out of my upper lip or something. <SEP> Yeah. I had a friend whose brother did steroids. And as soon as he stopped working out he just ballooned out. It all turned to fat. And he just really looked bad. Really. <SEP> Ugh. But uh. I didn't know it did that. I don't know if it does to everybody. He was. I- it just that's how it affected him. And he I don't know just. <SEP> Yeah. But I've been wanting to get me a bicycle or a bike. I've been wanting to get a ten speed to ride around. I'm scared to run for dogs. Course I know dogs can get you on a bike too. But seems like it. Yeah. At least you got a chance to out run them that way. <SEP> Yeah. I don't like to run myself. I've thought about it several times. And I just it I like to move a little faster and cover more ground. Well they. Yeah. They've come up that running is not as good for you as they thought it was. It's probably I would think it would be hard on your your legs and your joints and stuff. <SEP> Yeah. It's real hard on your legs. And it's hard on women. And it it just makes stuff move down. Yeah. And uh but I I I like jogging. I don't mind that. I can get out and do that as long as it's not hot. Uh I can't. <SEP> If it's hot you can't do that. But in the rain oh I love to run in the rain. Just you know be careful not to slide. Yeah. But you can't ride your bike at all in the rain can you. No. You can't. It's dangerous. <SEP> You slide. At least maybe some of these mountain bikes you could. But a regular ten speed with those skinny tires you slide all over the place. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Oh I when I did ride my friend's bike that one time I had uh I don't know what I was trying to do. I was trying to make a U turn. And I never could make a U turn in a bike. I can do it in my car. But I tried to do it on that ten speed and wrecked. And I told her a dog was chasing me. But I wrecked it into the curb. I didn't hurt it too bad. I scratched it on the the oh. She had some kind of fender thing going over the back tire I think. Yeah. But oh well. Anyway it's been nice talking to you. Yeah. Well. <SEP> And uh. Well good luck with the the new kid. Thank you. She's it she's good. Anyway have fun exercising. All right. <SEP> All right. Bye-bye.
sw3727.txt:Do you have kids? Oh yeah. I got three. How about yourself? Uh we have two and another one on the way. <SEP> Oh you have got uh young children then. Well yeah. Uh we do. We have uh a six year old. He is oldest. And then uh our baby will be a year on Monday. Oh my goodness. That is great. Yeah. <SEP> What kind of mix do you have? A boy and a girl? Two boys. Two boys. Two boys. Yeah. <SEP> Do you know what is on the way yet? Are you. No. I am just about three months. And uh I don't think we really even want to find out. I do not blame you. We like surprises. So. We will take either. <SEP> Well we have got two boys and a girl also. Well we have got two boys and a girl. And uh does it. Are the two boys first? Yes. Oh. <SEP> Maybe maybe you will get lucky and get a girl this time. Maybe huh. We we kind of like our boys though too. So. <SEP> Well our boys one is uh he is in graduate school at A and M uh. He is in the Navy. He is a lieutenant in the Navy. And the Navy is sending him for his Masters in Ocean Engineering. Oh my goodness. And we have got another boy that is us out in Maryland. He is a wildlife biologist uh. And our girl is thirteen. She is in the seventh grade. So we have got still all sorts of good activities since. Oh yeah. You kind of got uh a span there huh? <SEP> Oh well what do you do with your seventh grader? Well she is into a little bit of everything. She is uh loves riding horses. So she goes out riding as much as she can. Do you have horses? <SEP> No. She just she knows people that does huh? Well that. Yeah. But maybe that riding place that is North of town that she goes to. She rides English and does jumping takes lesson and all that kind of stuff. Oh does she? Oh. She must really like them. <SEP> Yeah. She is into uh. Well she plays the flute in the band and the piccolo. And she is into this uh odyssey of the mind thing which is uh takes a lot of time for uh. It. A. What they call peace group. I don't know if you have gotten into that with your kids. But that is where the kind of. Well it is a program for Advanced kids. Advanced. Yeah. Yeah. I have heard about it. Our little boy is in the first grade. And I I taught school for six years. <SEP> Oh okay. So I do know about that program. And. Well my wife is involved. And she kind of heads that up for these kids. And last year they they got uh the state level. They did not win that. But they uh got one local and uh one region. And they got a new mix of kids this time. So it keeps them busy. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> It keeps them busy. Oh yeah. I bet. Huh well so does she go actually out into a different classroom with with uh other kids that are involved in this? Well uh yes. But they well they have. Well you probably know a peace group that uh that they are advanced type. That they are special well uh classes for peace classes. I think that uh this happens to be uh uh. Yeah. <SEP> History is what their peace class is this year. But uh so. Oh. Uh-huh. They uh she enjoys that kind of stuff and uh does well with it. Oh how neat. <SEP> So yeah. Challenging huh? Yeah. Oh. <SEP> Always something to do. Well uh as far as our activities we are kind of on a different level here. But my. <SEP> Well you will get to different levels. I guarantee it. Yeah. Yeah. My husband is going to take our six year old to the monster truck show tonight. Uh okay. They like to uh. <SEP> That will be fun. Both boy things. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But we we do not have any real uh. Like we don't really ski. We have not taken our kids skiing or anything. Of course the baby is young. But. <SEP> Got to wait a couple years. Yeah. Yeah. Sledding that is what you have got to do. Tobogganing. The what? <SEP> You have got to go tobogganing and sledding with them. Oh well yeah. We we have done that. He in fact he just goes right out here. We have got quite a bit of snow uh. Last week we got a lot. Well you are welcome to keep that. Yeah. You would like that huh? <SEP> Well I grew up in Wisconsin. I I had plenty of snow. And when I was a kid. Oh. And we have lived here about seventeen years. But we use to take all of the kids tobogganing and ice skating and all of that kind of stuff. Yeah. <SEP> It is fun really. It is fun. As long as you do not have to drive in it. Yeah. I. No. I do not like that. <SEP> I. Really it makes me nervous. Yeah. I had plenty of snow to last me forever. I I don't care if I ever see any. Well I don't care if I ever see it. But keep it off of here. Yeah. Yeah. Well uh I don't mind it. But uh uh the winter gets long. <SEP> Yes. You know I get ready that. Come about this time of year I am kind of ready for it to start getting spring. And it is too early yet. Well you have got You have got five months before you will see that. <SEP> Yeah. We do we do. We have had a few early springs though in the last few years. They have not been too bad. Come about March it gets you know a lot nicer. Oh yeah. Out oldest son. When uh.
sw2676.txt:Do you live in Plano or work in Plano or both? Both. Both. Are you a T I -er? <SEP> Yes. Are you at work right now? Uh-huh. So am I. In building which building? <SEP> Well are you Summit or are you uh Spring Creek? I'm I'm I'm Spring Creek. <SEP> Oh this is fun. What building are you in? I'm building uh one. <SEP> Oh I'm building two. At least we found something different. That's. I've never had a call. Not like that. Neither have I. No. Isn't that funny? I usually get some place. I got a woman in New Jersey the last time I called I think. Right. That's funny. <SEP> That is funny. So. So how's the build- how's the weather in building two? The weather in building two is cold. It's been cold. It's been cold in the building. Outside the building it's not bad. Typical T I or T I. Listen I got me doing it. Typical Texas Spring. Are you a native to Texas? No. No. I'm I'm a transplant. <SEP> From? From California. So what do you think of the Texas weather? Not as nice as California. <SEP> How long have you been here? Oh five years now. Oh okay. I've been here long en- pretty long. So. <SEP> You you you know about August then. Yes. Oh I've been through five of those. Okay. There's no surprises left. Right. Right. A lot of people try to leave the state for a couple of weeks in August for you know. If they're going to go out of state for vacation that's the time to go. <SEP> Uh-huh. Good idea. <SEP> Real good idea. Yeah. We went up to Wyoming this last uh Summer during that time. And it was like you know eighty degrees up there. It was beautiful. Nice to get out of Texas for a while. We went to Alaska. Well that's that's the even even farther away. <SEP> That is really nice. It is so cool you wear a jacket you know. Even in the Summer time huh. Yeah. Or keep one handy. Because it's it rains a lot in Alaska. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Is that right? Uh it. They call it their liquid gold. Um. <SEP> But it you know. You get sunshine. And it's lovely. And then it rains just enough to keep everything nice and moist and very green. And blooming. Green. Um. <SEP> Oh my goodness it's pretty. Right. Well Texas isn't bad. No. No. <SEP> Not in the Spring. Right. I have to think every year to try to remember what it was what's it supposed to like this time of year. Spring is nice. Yeah. Because March we usually get a lot of rain in March you know. It'll seem the news the Harold Taft you know on the local news. <SEP> Right. March we typically get a lot of rain. And we've had this many inches. And you know we're right on target you know. And just seem like we were getting a lot of rain in March. But I. Oh we always we always do though. It's hard to remember twelve months ago what it was like. <SEP> Yeah. Uh it. I wish I just wish it wouldn't come all at once. <SEP> That's right. And then we get all that heat. And and. Right. Right. Well it's just that you know. When it rains it rains. In California you get these nice lovely rains you know nothing really down- you know like downpours like you have here. <SEP> The other day we had some hail the biggest hail I've ever seen in Texas. Oh really. Yeah. I live in Garland. <SEP> Oh you got into that bad stuff. Yeah. We got hail the size of marbles. I mean just so noisy hitting the house. And the glass on the windows. It didn't break anything. But we went out there afterwards. And there's ice balls the size of marbles all over our lawn. Isn't that strange. I know I. You pick them up you know. And they're perfectly round. And I go gee how did they form you know so perfect like that. <SEP> I think that's one of the strange strange things. And you very seldom see it though. Right. Right. I've seen hail you know. But usually the size you know of uh tiny tiny pebbles. You know really small you know. But this was uh really large. So it had come it's a drop of water that had come through quite a few rain clouds apparently. Is that correct? Uh I don't know how hail is formed to tell you the truth. <SEP> I think I think that's. You don't think it's cold enough you know to. <SEP> It's not on the ground. But in the clouds it is. Right. Must be. I guess. And then I think you know all that falling would warm it up and melt it. But maybe that's what rounds it I don't know. But tumbling. <SEP> I was dumb. I was in um Florida for a week on business. Uh-huh. And I had called back to the house. I stayed the weekend. And I called back to the house. My housekeeper was baby-sitting my cats and dogs said something to the effect of now we've made the national news don't get upset and don't worry. It's in Garland where all the bad weather is. I said Okay you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I watched the news. And I thought ha ha that's Garland that's not Plano. I don't have anything to worry about. I was on the plane heading back to Dallas before it dawned on me stupid you own property in Garland. Felt so dumb. Um. <SEP> Finally I got home and found out my property was okay. Yeah. There was no problem with it. But I guess you just tend to think of of where your house is you know and nothing else. Right. <SEP> Right. And close to that what's called Duck Creek that runs through part of Garland that's the part that always seems to get hardest hit when there's there's the hard rain. Oh oh I see. The creek overflows. And a lot of houses a lot of houses around that creek seem to to get flooded. <SEP> Oh okay. The streets and stuff around that area get a lot of flooding. The house that house that I bought is close to a Firewheel golf course. <SEP> Okay. Just going to be blocks off of that new highway one ninety that's going through. Right. That's where I live close to that. <SEP> Oh really. Yeah. Uh uh not quite. I don't live in that Firewheel division. But I live close by there in north far north Garland. Is that a nice area? Yeah. They're supposed to. It's getting built up you know with more new new shopping centers and things. You know. It's a fairly new area. Yeah. And uh and they're supposed to be building a mall somewhere close by by the next by ninety-three or ninety-four or something. A brand new mall not too far away from that area. <SEP> Well. So. The house that the house that I bought was really really nice. It'd be nice. <SEP> Uh-huh. In the Firewheel Estates there whatever. Yes. Yes. Uh-huh. <SEP> Really really nice home very pretty. Uh. Uh-huh. But you're not living there right now. No. I'm going to lease it. Oh I see. <SEP> It's it's investment property. I see. But it is really it's a very nice place. Uh I I would cheerfully live there. Of course it's not my home. And I've lived in my home in well almost ten years. And you know I've got everything just exactly like I want it. Right. <SEP> But if I were to live some place else it certainly meets my standards. It's a nice house. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's a nice area. Is it on the golf course? No. It's not. It's off the golf course. And I'll be honest with you. I'm going to have to get a map to figure out exactly where is the golf course versus where my house is. Is that right. <SEP> But it's in the estates that adjoin it. Yeah. Right. Right. Well that's a nice area. Yes. It is. That really is a nice area. When they get that highway finished you can hop on that and get anywhere you need to go fairly quick. <SEP> Yeah. That one nine that one ninety is just going to be the mo- the outer- outermost loop around. Right. Another belt line just uh farther out. <SEP> Right. Just continue to do that. Right. Right. Right. Where are you from in California? Southern California. <SEP> San Diego? I've lived in San Diego for six years when I was a ki- younger and L A area. And my parents live in Anaheim right now. Lived up north of Los Angeles in Thousand Oaks area where the Cowboys have their training camp or used to anyway. I've been through all of that. Yeah. <SEP> Uh there is an area beyond Thousand Oaks north of Los Angeles that is really an eerie strange looking area with boulders. I won-. They're not really hills. They're more like just huge boulders with very little vegetation. Huh. I'm not familiar with what. Is it along the coast or or inland. <SEP> Uh. Well you know it may be a little bit more inland. That is one of the strangest areas I have ever seen. Um. <SEP> Uh I had to go up to T I on business a couple years ago. Out there. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we went up that coastline. And I was just amazed how unusual that looks. Huh. Here hang on just a second. I've got a Los Angeles map. Let me just quick. Yeah. They have some pretty nice weather out there in Los Angeles. Valley. <SEP> Valley. Yes. Okay. I know where that is. <SEP> Beyond Thousand Oaks. I know where Valley is. I've been out there before. Sure. You don't think that's strange looking. I didn't notice anything strange I guess about it. <SEP> Oh okay. Maybe maybe I'm used to Texas. Maybe Texas the way. <SEP> The elevation is extremely high. Uh-huh. It's got curving roads on it. But but the. It's just a strange landscape. There's very little vegetation. Huh. I didn't I don't remember seeing that part of it. I know Valley. Yeah. It's just a suburb of L A. <SEP> Right. It's a. And they've built some new highways out to that area and things lately. People can get in and out of L A easier. Maybe it's a place I went to. It was far extreme thought we'd never find the place. Huh. <SEP> It was interesting. Because we went out the Ventura highway to Thousand Oaks and on up through that way. Yeah. Sounds interesting. Right. <SEP> Right. Right. I I know exactly that area. It's a nice area out there. I love Thousand Oaks. Uh Texas I don't know. Thing things. You just have less a variety I guess. I think I don't think it's quite as green you know. It's green with all the trees and things out here. But it's just. Oh it's green sometime. Yeah. But it's just you know. I don't know. <SEP> Well it doesn't stay green you know. Right. The really. And in all honesty. I know this sounds like a Texas story. All honesty you haven't seen the hottest of summers if you've only been here five years. We haven't had a really bad one. Yeah. <SEP> I missed that one of eighty or eighty-two or eighty-one that had the heat wave. Oh. <SEP> It may be eighty-two because we bought our house in eighty-one. And we built a pool in eighty-two.
sw3508.txt:I guess we're supposed to talk about what's being done about recycling. Yes. Well lots right? <SEP> Right. Finally. Really. What what do you do now? Well we have saved our newspapers for years and years because the uh Boy Scouts our boys have been involved in have uh had a huge recycling bin over at Resurrection Lutheran Church. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh so we've done that for quite some time. But since the price of paper has gone down. Like it's about a fifth of what it used to be. Oh really? So the Boy Scout troop quit doing it when the City took it over. <SEP> Okay. So now we just put ours out for the City of Plano. Do you live in Plano? Yes. I do. Okay. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And I'm so glad when they brought out those recycling bins. Right. Have you had yours now? Yes. <SEP> Yeah. Although just just about a week ago some of my volunteer mothers that uh work in the library for me said they hadn't gotten theirs. Oh that's why I asked you. I guess it you know it does go in cycles. Yeah. <SEP> And not everyone got theirs right away. Yeah. Yeah. And I I was so relieved because I've been making a real concerted effort make you know recycling the aluminum and the newspapers and even got into plastic because Wal-Mart collected it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Yeah. We used to take ours there. And uh. <SEP> My garage was just getting overwhelmed. I know. And of course I didn't go weekly. So it became quite a big thing. Right. <SEP> And uh. Right. I'm really glad they do it. Uh yeah. I do news mostly newspapers and uh plastic two liter diet Coke bottles. And aluminum cans some. Yes. Yeah. But I don't use as many of those. <SEP> Uh-huh. I guess the ones that are hard to convince yourself to do are the ones that you have to really that are really dirty that you have to wash out. Yeah. Well I found out after washing out many a peanut butter jar that they're not a recycling number one or two. Uh ha. <SEP> Uh ha. So it was wasting a lot of time. Yeah. Wasting all your time and effort and Putting it in there. <SEP> Thinking I was safe in buying those jars as far as the environment was concerned. Yeah. Yeah. But uh you know but it it's not that hard now that I've got this system under control. Got your routine down. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well I guess there are some places uh in the north in particular that uh have a real definite way of encouraging you to recycle. Because they charge you let's see they charge you for your garbage pick up by the weight. <SEP> Uh uh-huh. So if you recycle things of course then you don't have all that weight in there. Yeah. I do find that I don't have as much to throw away because all the bulky things are are being tossed in with the recycling. Right. <SEP> That's right. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And uh I don't know what they could do more of exactly around here right now other than uh. What are some of the things they don't recycle. Oh one thing I thought about the other day were batteries. Just everyday regular batteries. Supposedly you know leak and and contaminate the landfills. Um. <SEP> Right. And yet what am I going to do when I have a couple double A batteries to toss out. Yeah. Right. <SEP> And they don't take. Probably going to throw them in your trash. Yeah. That's what happens. Because. Well there are places that take car batteries. But I wonder if they would take. <SEP> Yeah. I mean not that it would. Kind of a pain to you know drive over somewhere special just for that for two little tiny batteries. But. Yeah. Yeah. But I think the city one could possibly look into that or something. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> Uh if they've got these bins for all the other little items. I'm sure if p- people will have batteries uh you know quite often to to toss out. Right. That's true. Uh when I was home those few days around Thanksgiving and the uh the truck came by well we all ran out to watch it because you know we'd never really seen it pick up our stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. And one thing I thought was interesting was that the driver had something on his belt that he uh scanned across the little bar code on our bin as soon as he took the stuff. Oh. <SEP> Oh is that right? And he just pulled this thing kind of out of his pocket and just you know scanned it. So I don't know why what that was reading it for. Huh. But uh. <SEP> Registering our garbage. They must be trying to keep track of you know who is doing it or what I guess. Yeah. I don't know. Another. <SEP> Wouldn't it be nice if you could get a credit back at the end of the year. Ooh for those who are really cooperating. Yeah. Now that would encourage it. <SEP> Well except I know it would just not be cost effective. They've already got all this money out on hiring uh getting the trucks and hiring people to work them. I'm sure they couldn't afford that. Sure. But. Sure. <SEP> Uh. But the garbage uh. Now there is just one garbage man that comes on the truck instead of two. Yeah. <SEP> Oh yeah. So that's interesting. Uh also slightly off the subject but our our big green garbage thing got stolen. Oh it did? Uh-huh. <SEP> Gosh. And we c- we called the City. And uh they they brought us a new one. And they did not charge us. And they said that between three and four hundred have been stolen. Oh my goodness. Isn't that sad? You know. <SEP> It is sad. And just. You know. They paid for those things anyway. Oh and they must be Yeah really expensive. <SEP> Or our taxes do. I mean of course we were hoping we weren't we weren't going to have to pay for it you know. Uh-huh. But I mean what would somebody do with them.
sw2275.txt:Okay. Well I can tell you pretty much my two favorite shows. Okay. And they kind of are in different spectrums I think. Um. One of them is QUANTUM LEAP. <SEP> Okay. And the other one is NIGHT COURT. And I think I think they're real different I mean. I don't think they have anything in common. Um QUANTUM LEAP has I mean QUANTUM LEAP is kind of a comedy in its own way I guess. But uh mostly it's it's kind of science fiction. And it's um it's adventure and things like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then NIGHT COURT is just pure you know weird fun you know. Just it's it's nothing serious about it at all. So I don't know why the two of them happen to be my two favorite shows. But they that's the way it is. So. <SEP> It's funny that those are my two my husband's two favorite shows too. And I enjoy both watching both of them. But I used to didn't like NIGHT COURT. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I. And the only reason I think I like it now is because I've seen it so much. And I'm involved with the characters. But I used to think um Dan Fielding was just too too vulgar and too crude for me. He is. <SEP> And I told my husband that's the whole point. But. Yeah. That's right. I mean. I I just. It's. I find him degrading at times. I guess that is the point. But sometimes it just. Well they they really have changed him though. If If you've watched it this season um he's becoming I mean he still is in his own way degrading and everything. But uh he's involved in that charity. And uh it's taking up so much of his time and so much of his thought that he really has. In fact there was one show that he even turned down a date with some you know beautiful woman just because the idea that he was his mind was on the ozone layer and you know global warming and all this other kind of stuff. <SEP> Oh. And he you know was too depressed you know to. So that was part of I guess his character building or whatever. But. I think it adds a probably adds a little bit of depth to his character. I haven't watched um. Which of course he needed. <SEP> Yeah. I think so. Which in QUANTUM LEAP you get. Even though the person is involved in so many other people's lives you still see a a real person in those situations. He gets um he's doing amazing things. Uh-huh. But he's doing them within the bounds of what a normal person would do. Right. Right. That's a good point. <SEP> And I think that's. I like that. So what do you what do you consider your favorite shows? Um I think my favorite show is HUNTER. Okay. <SEP> And I I like the old ser- series better when um Dede was in there. Dede. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. <SEP> And um so uh uh and then the blond that they took out the one that got killed. Yeah. I can't remember what her name is. But is. Yeah. I didn't enjoy her. I I. She was too much of a opposite of Dede. And I think that's what they try to do. But I think we wanted to see Dede there or somebody like her. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well but see I read an article about in T V GUIDE about uh about HUNTER and about his you know latest you know his three girls whatever you want to call them. Uh-huh. And they say that uh that there was abso- that there was like a conflict between her and him uh that they never really could get her into uh any character that they could use. I mean you know uh. <SEP> The second lady? Yeah. The second one the blond. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. You know if you think about it they didn't really interact hardly at all. They didn't. I mean they were never partners. <SEP> Yeah. She would go her way. And he would do his. Yeah. And I think that's what I didn't like. And and and even even at the beginning Dede and and Hunter would decide that one of them would go do this while the other one would do would go this. But uh it seemed like it was almost two different organizations you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Like Hunter was the boss. And this other girl was not. And you know you kind of you're wondering you know well when did this happen? Right. So yeah. I I kind of agree with that. <SEP> And I like the new lady better. But I'd just as soon that they didn't have the romance there. I'd just as soon have the the police story without all the romance. Well I'm afraid that's what they they really wanted to do um. Yeah. I think most shows were doing that. And then they went away from it. Uh-huh. <SEP> And now they're starting to go back to it. And maybe that's what the public wants. I don't know. But I just I like the the cut and dry solve the mystery. And that's what I always enjoyed about it. Yeah. Well see there was that spark between Dede and Hunter for a while. Yeah. But they they like started it. And then they'd pull it back. And they'd start it and pull it back. And that really made it a very interesting uh show to where you never really knew which which one was going to show up. You know whether it was going to where they're going to be real close or whether they're just going to be partners you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that that I kind of thought was good. But um you know it's I guess you know. You always kind of sit there. And you see these two people together. And you always wonder why they don't you know get together or whatever. Yeah. And so I guess that's what they decide to do. <SEP> Just go ahead and quit the wondering. Yeah. And and. But it's it's always been a formula uh for T V that the minute that two people that the two main stars get married that the show ends up you know dying. <SEP> Yeah. A a good example of this and you know this is probabl-. Maybe it's not a good example. I've been watching Nickelodeon all last week because they had what they called MAXIMUM SMART. They had GET SMART for uh ten hours a day from seven o'clock at night until six or until five o'clock the next morning. All the GET SMART episodes you could ever see. Oh. Well the the last day all they did was the last season to where the two of them got married. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that was I mean that was the killer. The series died right after that because. I didn't I was going to say I didn't ever watch MOONLIGHTING. Well go ahead. <SEP> But I heard that's what killed it. Uh-huh. Same thing. That uh interplay died when they got married. And so the show died. Yeah. The. It seems like you can do so much more of the subtle hints and the subtle little plays on things before they they before they get married you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. The minute they get married everything's supposed to be cut and dried. And and well of course another one of their mistakes I think is they have a tendency to change characters or to change the characters' uh uh personalities well especially after they get married. Right. <SEP> Halfway through. Yeah. Um couple of examples would be um well like I said this one about Max S- or Get Well Smart the female character Barbara Feldon. <SEP> Uh-huh. She had been at the beginning the the intelligent one the the one who always solved the things and and figured out and kept Max from getting real messed up. Well in short whenever they got married she got dingy. Oh. You know why would they do that? <SEP> Yeah. It made no sense. I I'm guess it's falling back into our traditional stereotype which a lot of shows. Unfortunately that's probably true. <SEP> Yeah. Which kind of. Like in the big soap opera shows which I don't enjoy because of that. But. Well do you you watch um what is that show WHO'S THE BOSS? That's uh that's on Tuesday nights I think. I've seen it before. But I don't watch it regularly. Yeah. Well I I hardly ever watch it. <SEP> Usually Tuesday nights I'm out. So. But as as I've seen it they've they've done sort of the same thing to where they've they started to let them get together. And then they pulled them apart. Uh-huh. And I think they're thinking about that exact thing about the idea that if the show lets them uh get together then you lose part of what the show's all about. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. I always thought that was kind of weird. Yeah. It's funny how we uh we we romanticize people. Uh-huh. <SEP> Like for instance where as the teenager you know you romance a romanticize a rock star. But when he gets married then you don't care any more or something like that. Um right. And I think it's the same with your characters on T V. Do you think that's why most rock stars nowadays keep their marriages secret or at least they keep it quiet. <SEP> Probably. Yeah. I mean. I know it affected me when I was younger. I'm not into rock stars too much lately. Yeah. <SEP> But. No. Like Madonna and Sean Penn. Now I don't particularly like either one of them. Uh-huh. But um uh their marriage was so highly publicized that there was no way that they could stay together. <SEP> Yeah. Or at least that's the way I look at it. Uh-huh. So I don't know. <SEP> It would have been hard. Wouldn't it. Yeah. I would think so. I just the the publicity in and of itself much less the I mean. When you get married you've got relationship to develop in the first place. So having twenty million people watch you do that. Yeah. It's. They wouldn't be easy. <SEP> Yeah. So um well that's kind of interesting. Yeah. So um well I guess that's about all we need to do isn't it. <SEP> Yeah. I think we've covered our time. It's been good talking to you. Yeah. It has been Becky. I really appreciate it. <SEP> You're the first man I've talked to. Everyone else has been a female. So this is a change. Well I think I've um. You're the second female I've talked to. You've had a little bit of variety huh. Yeah. It's kind of nice. <SEP> Okay. Well thanks so much. Uh-huh. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2259.txt:Well how how do you feel about the immigration laws? At. Currently I think they are a little restrictive. Uh particularly for uh certain ethnic groups or from certain countries. Um I think we should permit uh more immigration from eastern Europe for example uh particularly the uh the Jewish uh uh people from Russia. I think we could permit more of them in than we have permitted in the last uh several years. And I think we have uh uh too much restriction on the uh on the Orientals also. But of course that's just my opinion. Yeah. Well I'm not real sure why I got this topic because I don't think I checked it off on the list because I know very little about the current immigration laws. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well we seem to uh to favor certain uh uh countries particularly South American countries. And uh there is no uh uh. I have nothing of course against uh the uh the South Americans or uh or Hispanics in that sense. But I think we uh are more restrictive of the uh so called eastern uh European countries than we uh we should be. Of course that's from my own bias since my ancestors from eastern Europe. So. Oh. <SEP> And uh so I think uh you know the uh embargo we placed on the uh on the Russian Jews although we of uh spent years and years uh lobbying for their release and their ability to um immigrate from Russia as soon as that occurred we simply said that uh instead of the uh hundred and fifty thousand or so who wanted to immigrate to this country we cut that by uh two thirds. Uh-huh. So. Huh. <SEP> I do not quite go along with that. But. No. That doesn't make a whole of lot sense. No. And I still think. You know again kind of having uh uh within this century come from a uh an immigrant family or immigrant families on both sides. Uh-huh. <SEP> Both my mother's parents and my father's parents were immigrants. So I'm a little touchy every now and then about that. Yeah. Well uh my uh my family is from uh Europe from well from England and Ireland and uh have been in this country for oh more than a hundred and fifty years almost two hundred years. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh my. So I don't have any any uh relatives that I am or or uh several generations back that I am familiar with their names and how they fit into the family. They were all they were all born here. Uh-huh. So I don't have any real strong ties with any with with the immigration laws. I don't because I don't I don't have any personal feelings about them. And I haven't taken the time or effort to learn what they are. <SEP> Well I think in a way though uh uh I also have uh an opposite point of view which is uh although I believe we should uh permit uh you know constant immigration into this country uh I think we should uh primarily for economic reasons I think we should have um some quotas. Um. Of course my family and I. Again again that was you know. My grandparents came over during the time when uh there were quotas. So they had to wait uh you know in uh certain parts of Europe for years before they were permitted to come over. Uh-huh. <SEP> So you know. But uh I think unrestricted immigration I think is not uh is not best uh. Yeah. I I Well I agree with that. I I think if immigration was entirely unrestricted uh not only would would the United States become over populated well more over populated awfully quickly I think it it would bring in a lot of uh people that are run out of other countries or in trouble in in other countries. I think they'd come here trying to find a new market for their their brand of crime. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well you know there's another aspect of this too. They're also uh uh diminishing the uh health restrictions which. I was not aware aware of that. Well yes. There are were some uh regulations over. I don't know whether they're laws passed or or whatever they're called uh just recently where uh people with certain diseases can not be excluded uh from uh immigration. Age is one for example. And uh recently uh tuberculosis which at one time if you had tuberculosis you could not get into this country uh they dropped that also. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I think in in some as- some ways we are uh becoming a little too egalitarian in that in that sense. But uh I think we should be a little more circumspect about it. Again my opinion. Yeah. Think we've talked long enough? I think so. <SEP> All right. Well I've enjoyed talking to you. I I I have talked long enough. Okay. <SEP> Thanks. Thank you. Bye. <SEP> Good-bye.
sw2092.txt:Well the thing is is that I um. Since I'm in school I don't like basically have a monthly budget because I'm living off my dad. But the thing is is that um I have to keep it under control because for example you know it's like the the beginning of the semester when you go to pay for everything everything is pretty rough. But he controls that part. But then whenever you know. It's like once the semester starts I'm the one who has to control how much spending there is. And the only thing that I I basically spend my money on is just food. And um so. What about tuition and rent? Who takes care of that? Well the thing is is that I live in a dorm. <SEP> Uh. So uh what happens is you pay six hundred dollars at the beginning or even before school starts. Yeah. And then the tuition is also the same thing. So the thing is is basically that I spend like maybe thirty-five forty dollars every two weeks on on groceries. And that's about it. But the thing uh also is that you know like if you want to go out like if you want to go to a restaurant or something then I have to moderate that because it's like I can't go eat out at a nice restaurant and spend twenty dollars um you know three times a week. <SEP> No. You can't do that very often. So I mean it's. For for us you know it's like I I can spend I can spend that money. But it's not it's not what I want to spend it on you know. Are are you working anywhere while you are going to school? No. <SEP> Okay. Because um they don't allow me to work since uh I'm a foreign student. Oh okay. And so they the government doesn't allow me to work. <SEP> Yeah. So all the money comes from home. Uh-huh. So you got to make uh. So how do you keep track of where you are in in your monthly spending? Well the thing is is that um I ba- I basically know how much I have right? <SEP> Right. And so the thing is is that I I can tell like uh. I I get all my money out of the teller. Yeah. And besides see one of my biggest expenses is telephone calls since I have to call you know international. <SEP> Where do you call to? Argentina. Argentina? Yeah. <SEP> Wow. And so the bas-. One of the problems is that I spend too much money on phone bills. Yeah. Talk too long. Well that's. They they want me to call down there every so often. <SEP> Yeah. I mean I told my dad li- Dad listen if you want to save money I won't call so often you know. He goes we want to keep in touch. So I doesn't matter about the money because we need to hear from you. Yeah. So you call him collect? No. Because it is more expensive that way. <SEP> What makes you think so? Any any um. Basically the United States is the cheapest country to call out of. <SEP> Yeah. And um because it's considered a luxury in other countries. Oh okay. So you just call him direct. And then. Right. Since it's his money anyway you know. <SEP> Yeah. And he gets the and you get the bill and send it to him? No. Um I got money to pay that too. Okay. So it's basically you know. It's like it's not too much money. And it's not too little money. So I won't have to you know rush a letter to him or something. <SEP> Yeah. Because um he really wants me to concentrate on my studies. Yeah. What are you what are you studying? I'm doing masters in computer science and computer engineering. <SEP> And what do you think you'll do with that? With those degrees? Uh-huh. Well I can I can work up um here up to a year. <SEP> And? And hopefully get a job after that. You want to get into some kind of manufacturing. Or what's the specialty that you're looking for? Um computer communications and data transmissions. <SEP> Oh okay. So you want to find a uh data transmissions. You're looking for uh um long distance type stuff. Right. Yeah. You know anywhere from um local area networks metropolitan area networks you know all that. And so well you have a family right? <SEP> Yeah. I have a wife and two children. And um. And does does your wife work? No. She doesn't work. She does uh. Well it's kind of hard to say now days um other than taking care of the house she does a lot of sewing herself. Oh okay. <SEP> And she gets paid for that. So she brings some money in. Yeah. She is trying to start he- her own business where she does that full time. Alterations and sewing. Stuff for the public. Okay. <SEP> Yeah. And uh do that on a on a full time basis here in town. And so and you have a monthly budget? <SEP> Well s- sort of. We're probably like most Am- American families I guess that we sort of have a budget in that we know how much we've got at the end of the month. Right. And we know what bills have to be paid. And uh we pay as many of those bills that can be paid with with the monthly budget. So. So you don't have any problem in um overcharging on your credit card and stuff like that. <SEP> Oh sure. We're like everybody else you know. We've got a several credit cards that sometimes um instead of paying them all off every month maybe you have to slip some and you pay part of it this month and part of it next month especially around Christmas time. Yeah. Yeah. You know that's when everybody goes crazy on charging stuff. Well then uh see uh that's that's one of the points which I don't see. Like I I don't give a lot of gifts during Christmas. And I you know I don't wa- I don't like to give any at all. <SEP> Yeah. Because the thing is is that you know it's like if I want something I'll I'll ask somebody you know. Yeah. Like like uh for Chr- uh for Christmas my roommate goes what do you want. And I said I want a backpack. <SEP> Yeah. You kno- no. I told him yo- if you want to give me a present for Christmas give me a backpack. Yeah. That's something that you can use. Right. Because I I needed a backpack. So he gave me a backpack. And I I knew he needed an alarm clock. <SEP> Yeah. So I bought him an alarm clock. So the thing was that that. That's great. Utilitarian. <SEP> Right. But. Necessary things no frivolous gifts. Right. But um the thing is especially remember when I was down in Argentina it was to me it was ridiculous. Because you know you have to. Once a year you go out. And you spend all this money on all these people. And some you don't care about you know. It's like. <SEP> That's true. Why bother. Yeah. Yeah. And so but the thing is is that um. <SEP> Well especially being a college student yo- your. I don't know that you need to be involved in a lot of frivolous gift giving you know. Yeah. That effects the budget especially around uh Christmas time. At the end of the semester you've got finals and lots of bills I would suspect. Yeah. <SEP> What about when you have breaks like um Christmas or between sessions? Well for example we had spring break now. And I went skiing. And I spent around like maybe two hundred dollars. I expect so. So uh but you know it's like um. <SEP> You've got to budget that though. You've got to save up in able to do that right? Yeah. Yeah. I mean. Because it's like you know say you know it's like we were saying let's go eat out before spring break. I go let's not go eat out before spring break. <SEP> Let's see how much money we have afterwards. Right. And if I felt like I spent way to much then um I won't go out you know. <SEP> Right. And so like my roommate went home. I went skiing in over the Carolina Mountains which aren't anything. Huh. But um but it was you know it was I guess it was worth it. <SEP> Sure it is. Any time you can get away and and get away from from the daily grind. You know it was a nice place. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Especially if you live on campus and you don't have a car you just go crazy. <SEP> Yeah. I know the feeling. So oh well let's see how long have we been talking here. Six minutes and a half. Okay. Is that okay? Yeah. <SEP> All right. All right. Well nice talking to you. Nice talking to you. Have a good time. All right. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw3088.txt:What do you think about it? Well I I feel in light of some of the accidents and so forth that have happened lately that I think there are some occupations that they should such as the health field the transportation field uh. They're already doing it in the armed forces where they handle weapons and so forth uh. They do it to prisoners. Yeah. <SEP> So I I uh I I I feel like it should be mandatory in some professions. And I think if if uh an employer feels that he wants to to drug test employees and they don't like it then they should not be employed there. That was. You know I would not mind it. Yeah. I I especially agree that if it's an area where they could cause somebody else you know harm or injury absolutely. Right. And I don't have a problem at all with employers uh testing in the hiring process. But I I I don't I don't have a problem with them too much testing even after the fact. But I do a little bit where it where it wouldn't hurt anybody. I don't know. Sometimes I think they carry it a little bit too far. <SEP> Uh-huh. But. Unless an employer has a reason to believe that his uh the work competency of of the employ- employee is is hurting the business. Yeah. <SEP> Right. I mean maybe it's uh. And then it's not a problem. <SEP> Number one because generally if if they are involved in that type of thing they are into theft. Yeah. And as an employer I would think that would be. And the first. It's not going to be wholesale because of the cost. Oh absolutely. <SEP> There's no way. But but my concern is uh school bus drivers. Oh yeah. Tr-. The train drivers. Um I'm not even. I'm in education. I'm not even opposed to it for that. Uh I'm concerned in the medical field. Yeah. <SEP> I I I think they should screen for alcohol in these areas too because I consider that a drug. I wish they would. I wish they would. And that I think is even probably more widely abused by you know the masses than than drugs so to speak. <SEP> Right. Right. <SEP> Right. So. But when you consider they could be driving an airplane or driving a bus or a train um. Oh I know. <SEP> And. And it doesn't take that long. They don't have to be totally roaring drunk. No. <SEP> Just a little off on their timing could could mean life. Just uh. Yeah. And. <SEP> Now T I has the random testing policy. Oh okay. And and you know our names or our employee numbers or whatever are in a in a pool. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I've already been tested once when I was hired and and once since they initiated this random testing program. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But I work with one girl who was tested her name got got randomly selected three times in six months. <SEP> Oh my word. And I think that's the only reason I have a problem with it when there's no you know there's no reason to suspect someone you know. Control. That that's getting a little bit. That's enough to make anybody paranoid. <SEP> Right. Well as long as you accept that it is a random a random testing uh you know to to alleviate. Yeah. That way you can't feel like somebody's out to get me. Right. <SEP> If. It's almost like being selected for jury duty. Yeah. You know so your name came out of pot when they spun the wheel. That's that's just the way it is. Either just the lucky or the unlucky one depending on how you look at it. <SEP> I would I would rather have it that way to know that I was chosen at random by a computer than to think that somebody turned me in because I I think there's when you let other employees turn in people. Oh absolutely. There are so many people with with their petty axes to grind. <SEP> Right. It could really get out of hand. Right. <SEP> So I I I would really rather know however. There's got to be some backup to say that. If if somebody does observe you at say at a party uh using drugs I would think that it would be their obligation to report that. Yeah. To report it. And I guess you'd report that to a supervisor maybe anonymously or something because I I would feel very uncomfortable working with someone I knew was using either illegal drugs or abusing alcohol. <SEP> Personnel or something. Right. I'd just I'd feel really uncomfortable. <SEP> Right. Right. I don't know what kind of work you do. But there there would be even be a situation where you were at a machine and working with somebody that was that way. Yeah. We have we have a lot of people who work on the line. I'm in accounting. So it wouldn't. You know they couldn't hurt me with their ten key or something. <SEP> Right. But out on the line they've got people working some serious equipment. Right. <SEP> Right. So. It's it's. I I just think employers have to have especially given today the drug abuse that goes on I just think employers have to have some kind of way to see that they're not being put at risk. Because they're the ones who are going to have the lawsuits the insurance claims et cetera. Put at risk. <SEP> I agree totally. <SEP> And and I'm not sure but what some of the insurance claims aren't due to uh illnesses brought on by drug abuse or alcohol abuse. And in the long run we're all paying for that. Right. So it I mean it protects us in the long run hopefully when they do that. <SEP> Right. I I was trying to remember there was a court case uh here where I live just a few months ago. The city workers they wanted to um. The city government wanted to institute the random drug testing. Uh. And the city workers uh took them to court to protest saying that it invaded their I guess first a- the the search and seizure amendment. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And it's still tied up in the legal channels. They haven't ruled on whether they can test them or not. Huh. So I'm curious especially since T I -s a local you know employer is also already doing it seeing what they'll say about it especially since. <SEP> To see how that's. Is it is it uh just a small group of the employees that are concerned? Well it's the whole it's the whole city. Seems like the whole group of city employees that's raising a stink over it. <SEP> They they just don't want to be drug tested. Yeah. So. You know we've never my husband and I have never been in a situation where somebody said you have to be drug tested. Yeah. <SEP> Uh my husband's retired from I R S agents. Uh-huh. However this isn't a problem that we have either alcohol or drug. Right. <SEP> And so we we in our minds we're thinking what's the big deal. Yeah. That's the way I looked at it. If I had something to hide it's one thing. But I'm. You know you know you don't. So it's not as big a deal. And you sometimes wonder when these people protest so much whether they're really concerned about their rights or whether they're really concerned about something else. Right. <SEP> And and then they say well if you give them the right to do this then they're going to take some other right away from you. But I I firm-. I don't believe that. I think that an employer has the right to ask you to do anything. And of course the big deal one of the big deals now too is to that when you come into a company as you sign a paper saying that I will go take a.
sw2970.txt:Okay. Well I do not know. How big a city is Rome? I mean you have heard about Dallas. And th- the crime here is pretty bad. Well Rome is pretty small. But uh. <SEP> Yeah. I was going to say. We hear a lot about uh New York City. Uh-huh. There is a lot of crime down there. And I am I am afraid to go down there because you know I mean you hear about people getting mugged. You leave your car for ten minutes. And it is stripped when you come back. <SEP> Yeah. Have you ever been there? No. I have not. Only to the airport. That is uh probably enough to see. <SEP> Um are you in college right now? No. I am I work at for the Air Force. Oh okay. So there is a base up here. And. <SEP> Are base. That's inter- interesting concept. Are bases safe you know? Bases are pretty safe because they check your I D on your way in. And. Yeah. The they uh minimize the access. Right. But even so we had a uh uh. At New Years we had some people come in and uh like attack one of the planes. Because they were protesting uh the presence over in the Persian Gulf. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh no. <SEP> Sure. Oh great. That is wonderful. So. Yeah. Well Dallas uh. We lived in Minneapolis. Uh. We moved here about ten months ago. And Dallas is pretty uh. Well we live in north Tex- north Dallas which is like a suburb near a suburb called Plano. So we are out of the city. But it is uh it is bad everywhere in terms of uh you know the handgun situation um the number of rapes the number of muggings. Just it is it is. I would not say it is not as bad as New York. But it is pretty scary. Yeah. <SEP> You know people put bars on their windows in certain neighborhoods. And. Yeah. You know. They call them ornamental grates. But they are still bars. That makes it bad for getting out during a fire. <SEP> Yeah. It really does. And if you are a little bit claustrophobic. But uh. I do not know. I mean the jails are crowded. I I I am not a criminal justice specialist. So I do not know what you know what can be done. I am you know. I do not I do not know. It seems to. I think it is getting worse. Because I keep hearing things. Like I when I was h- I went home. My parents live in Boston. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I went home. And we were watching T V. Yeah. And this thing came on where these a group of like five or six guys went and filmed themselves beating up people in the street and and robbing them. <SEP> Oh. And it was really disgusting. And my mom was like `` They should just be all shot right now. ''. And I mean you he-. Were they teenagers. Or? Uh. <SEP> Like that girl in New York that got beat up by you know. When she was jogging in Central Park a couple of years ago? Yeah. Yeah. Um. <SEP> They were not I think they were early twenties. Yeah. They were young men. <SEP> Yeah. But they so they weren't you know. And were they uh were they were they obviously poor or depri- you know? That is really stra-. Like I say s-. I know it. How s- deprived could they be if they had a camcorder? Those are a thousand bucks. Yeah. Unless they stole it. And I mean that is one big thing down here. I mean they have like uh. And they are not all young. I mean they are eighteen to twenty-four some of the young men and women. But I mean you can you can see the Crime Stoppers ads on television. And they are. Sometimes it is the same people that have been that have been observed. And they still can't catch them. Yeah. <SEP> And you are wondering how you know. Um we lived in Minneapolis and Wisconsin. I mean there was all kind of. I I know I I I know it is getting worse. I do not know what the world is or is not. Uh. The dimi-. In a small town in Wisconsin near Madison um a young boy somehow got a hold of a shotgun. And killed his parents and his three brothers and sisters. Uh-huh. <SEP> And the child had. And he they said that he was twelve years old. And he had uh he had not uh displayed any tendencies deviant or disturbed or whatever you know. Yeah. And you are thinking to yourself um. I wonder where. <SEP> I know. I do not know. I wonder where he gets it? You know you must. I think T V is bad. Because they uh show all sorts of violence on. That. And I do not think a lot of parents. I mean I do not I do not know how it is in the Air Force base. But uh I just do not think a lot of people because of the economy both need to work you know. I just do not think a lot of parents are that involved any more. Yeah. They do not they do not talk to their kids and take them out. And and are not there all the time. <SEP> Uh. So the kids are off to their own devices a lot. Right. And discipline. I do not know how your folks were. But I mean I sure knew as heck when I was growing up that uh my parents were the superior. And I was the subordinate. And you know. It was sort of like there were boundaries. Oh definitely. <SEP> And I do not think I do not know I think today a lot of parents um are ruled by their kids. I I. I think so definitely. When you go to a restaurant and like kids are running all over the place. They. Yeah. Right. I mean they are not learning how to uh well like boundaries. I mean I do not I see it in work place too sometimes. I do not know how old you are. But you sound a little bit younger than me. But I am in my thirties. And I uh I see uh even people that work with me that are ten years younger. That you know they kind of have an attitude that I ha- I hate to to say it. But it's that's just what it is. It is an attitude like the world owes them something. Yep. But they. <SEP> Right. I I see that too in the Air Force. Espec-. <SEP> Do you? Oh yeah. A lot of uh. Especially since a lot of us are engineers where I work. Are you in the Air Force? I am in the Air Force. Yes. <SEP> Okay. And so uh people outside the Air Force doing engineering get paid a lot more than we do. Sure. And so all the young engineers are like well I am just going you know. <SEP> Huh. Get it for all it is worth. And that you know. Right. And I am like you are the one who signed up. If you did not want to do it. And. <SEP> Right. Right. And the Air Force is one of the bitter better military supposedly m- m- military experiences. Yep. It is. I mean. I like it a lot. <SEP> Pardon me? I like it so far. I mean that is. Are you going to be a career person? I'm digressing. But I do not talk to many people in the military. <SEP> Oh. So I am. Probably not. But uh they pay for my college. So. <SEP> That is the way to do it. I mean and that's. You know at least the Air Force is. I do not know I just uh I am nervous in Dallas. I mean I you know I mean I go to like an aerobics class or something. And I you know uh seventy women in a Jazzercise class in a public uh parks and rec building. And you are supposed to feel safe. But then there are all these. It does not matter race. But you know it is an inter racial mix. And you see these guys standing there watching you jump around in your leotards. Yeah. And I do not even think that way. But I mean you just think to yourself you you just I mean. Nobody can think that that it can't happen to them. It. <SEP> No matter who they are. Or where they are at you know. Yeah. And you never know who is watching either. I mean did you. I do not know I was in the grocery store this morning. We uh went to New Orleans for four days and came back late last night driving. And it is about seven hours. Huh-uh. <SEP> Um and that is a very. We had never been there. That is a very very neat town to visit. Uh in terms of the French Quarter and all of the things you hear about. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> But the crime is so bad there. I mean in all the tourist brochures you read about what you should or should not do. How to carry your wallet uh. Uh-huh. This is New Orleans? <SEP> New Orleans. Yeah. Oh I would hate to be there during Mardi Gras. Let me tell. I would never. Yeah. You just do not. Do not even bother. It is not worth it. Uh the when we came back I do not know if you have seen. I was in the super market this morning. And on the cover of TIME magazine there is a girl she is in Boston? She is on the east coast somewhere. Real attractive young girl. College freshman I college coed. I think she is a freshman. She had been dating a fellow for several weeks. Uh-huh. <SEP> They went back to her dorm room. Uh-huh. And date rape. I mean and it just. Sh- she looked anguished. I mean it was really just sad. I mean did not pick it up and read it. But I should have. But I just looked at the picture and thought what a world. I know. <SEP> I mean I do not. Yeah. You can't trust anybody. I do not have any uh cure. It is it is really scary. <SEP> No. You really can't. I mean I they we lease out a really nice two story town home in north Dallas. And they have a real big thing here. People I mean even dry cleaners knock on the door and are soliciting you know. They everybody wants your business kind of thing. Right. And my husband is the kind of guy he's he's sometime. He was raised on a farm in southern Ohio near Dayton. And I think sometimes it is just he and I are very different in terms of that. I I mean I basically have started not to trust anybody in general street smarts. Right. <SEP> We. And uh he opened the door. I came downstairs. And I was real upset. And I probably got more nasty than I should have. But I just said Howard. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know. Oh my God. I would not I mean. Well you you hear about people opening the door and getting blown away. <SEP> Or people you know Uh-huh. Oh yeah. And it does I mean it is it is not a reason. I mean I have been to New York. You should not deny yourself going to visit and all that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh but it is not any worse. I used to work for a mortgage company that was owned by uh. Are you from Boston? Yeah. <SEP> Home Owners Savings and Loan in Boston. Uh-huh. And I know I never felt. I mean I have been to downtown New York City. And I have been to downtown Boston. And I never felt any safer on Milk Street in Boston staying at the Meridian. <SEP> I did not pay for. But I mean I never felt any safer there than I did in any other city I have been in you know. Right. Right. <SEP> So I would say one thing. Do not deny yourself the New York exper- bu- experience but go with people that you know. Yeah. I would not want to go by myself. No uh. But I mean it yeah I do not know. I mean I I guess I could go on and on about what to do about criminals. Uh. I think the handgun. I am not real big on guns myself. Uh-huh. <SEP> So. I think our justice system needs to be stricter. I mean because everyone they do it. I mean. And then they get out in a couple of years it seems like. They are booked up. <SEP> Are the New York uh are the New York. I do not know how the New York state prison system is. But Are they booked up? Yeah. <SEP> That is a way to put it. They are booked up. Are they paroling uh like murderers. And I mean here it is just a real big deal. They parole people that have killed police officers. And then they are out doing it again. Right um. I do not I do not know. Because I am not real up on a lot of news things. Uh-huh. But you know you just hear about that that you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. It is a lot of repeat crime. And you are like why are they repeating? They should have been in there longer. Or. I know. And then you think I mean I ha- I mean I can remember I have not been out of school that long. But it has been at least ten years. And you think to yourself was it that bad back then? Or is it just. I think that like you said television? Is it just that more people think there is like excitement in it you know? I mean people that may have been close to the edge just go over because they see something or read something. It seems like a lot of i-. That it is more like in Boston. There was a case of uh a couple of kids fifteen year olds. They wanted to see what it was like to kill someone. <SEP> Uh-huh. So they they picked on this kid who was like new in town. Uh-huh. And they were like well no one was going to miss him anyway you know. And it like. <SEP> Oh god. Ugh that is horrible. How can you even think like that? I- i- it is yeah isn't it something? I mean I I have a I am originally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. And I have a niece and nephew. And I just uh I mean. My ten year old nephew says things that he is aware of that I am just going Michael how did you hear about that? <SEP> You know it is just I think kids get too much too fast. And all those sort of things. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> In Atlanta where my inlaws live uh they had that thing you know the high top sneakers the Air Jordans et cetera. Right. Right. <SEP> Kids killing each other and beating their brains out. Oh for the sneakers. Right. Or the or the jackets the team like the Raiders and the caps. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. You know stealing the hundred dollar jackets. Uh I mean it is I guess it goes from the most petty like that to like what you were saying that they in Boston. That is crime where they videoed. That is probably one of the most bizarre I have heard of. Yeah. <SEP> Where they videotape themselves. Yeah. It seems like crime is turning into a pastime instead of like you know be.
sw3062.txt:Well we've talked a little bit about the Plano school system. Um I I really have been pleased with Plano. I have a child who uh. My son is learning disabled. Uh-huh. And uh I thank God every day that I have the resources that we have tapped into. <SEP> Now is he the elementary school? He's in elementary school. Uh-huh. And he's not severely learning disabled. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean you know he just He's being helped. But he is being helped. He he was in resource from second grade till fourth grade in math. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they recently released him from resource which I'm I was thrilled. Oh great. I really was. I I just thought that was so neat that they got him over that hump. And um he's in the Herman Method of Reading. I don't know if you're familiar with that. <SEP> No. That's something new to me. I'm. It is something new. And basically what they do is they start right from the beginning relearning the sounds of letters. Oh. Um. <SEP> I think I read about that in the paper. It's wonderful. Doctor Haggard is is heading that up. Yes. And it's wonderful. He didn't have a problem with reading. As a matter of fact he's reading on level. The problem was his spelling. And you know in in watching the way he has struggled. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's interesting because I'm convinced I have the same learning disability or had that was ignored. Oh. And. <SEP> Right. So you worked you learned how to solve your problems on your own. That's right. And and so it's you know it's not an intelligence problem. It's just a problem with learning. Has has he had this since kindergarten. Or is this something that maybe learning phonetics. And then he just didn't learn the right way? Well you know it's funny. When um when he was in first grade he had trouble with with spelling. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I would say to the teacher you know it's amazing. He will be able to. You'll say to him spell cat. And you know he'll say C A T. And then he would go to write it. And he would write C O T. Okay. And I kept saying to the teacher something is wrong here. Something is wrong here. <SEP> You're right right. And the teacher kept saying oh he has a May birthday. He's just immature. Right. Well second grade it was. I will. These teachers as far as I'm concerned are absolute saints because in second grade it was about the second week of school I went up there. And I I requested a conference and because all year long they kept telling me I was crazy. <SEP> Good. Good. That's great for parents to be involved. Well I was. And I and I went up there the second week of school. And I said you know something is wrong. And thank God the li- the head teacher the team leader was a special education major. <SEP> Oh how great. It was it was. And She had picked it up. So she she was able to zero in. Yep. <SEP> Oh. She had already picked it up. And she said you know we we were going to call you if you hadn't called us. We think there's a learning disability. And we think he needs to be tested immediately because you know once the first report card comes in they have all these people being tested. Huh. And she said I think we can get him real fast. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And sure enough they tested him. And you know he qualified for for the help. And it's been great. And I and I thank God I'm here because I I know I have a sister who has the other extreme. She has a a child in Connecticut who is extremely gifted. And because of the cutbacks in the economy they have nothing for her. Right. <SEP> Oh no. And and to me that's the same thing. It's it's like having a child who has a learning disability that's being ignored this poor gifted child is being ignored. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. But that's something that parents I think are able to help the gifted child in the home more than they could help the learning disabled child. That's true. So because that's something you can do by just enrichment types of things in the home. That's true. <SEP> Uh-huh. But learning disability unless you are schooled in the types of things and ways to help a child like that then it makes it real difficult. Uh-huh. <SEP> And this is this to me is the benefit I see in public schools is that that uh you do have government money to fund the kinds of programs that these students need. Yes. Right. <SEP> Right. And I'm not sure that the private schools or parochial schools address that problem they test kids before they take them. <SEP> Exactly. And They don't take them. And if they're a behavior problem they're out. That's right. <SEP> That. And and uh this is kind of a rejection type of thing. Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and we get it even at our level in in. I work a nine ten school. And we get students that come in that have been kicked out of the uh parochial and pub- and uh private schools. Uh-huh. And uh they come in. And their attitude is `` I'm a bad boy'' and proceed to prove it. Really. Really. <SEP> So I I really hate that for them. I I would rather they not have that attitude. Yeah. But that's. Well when comparing test scores. I know recently I was in a discussion. And they were comparing test scores between private schools and public schools. <SEP> Right. And that was one of the points that I made is that you're not comparing apples to apples. That's right. You know you can't say um you know I know Steven probably would not be accepted because he has a learning disability and into a private school. And um which is which is too bad. <SEP> Uh-huh. But on the other hand I I can't necessarily blame them you know they they are a private school. No. And they can do whatever they want. <SEP> That's right. They can be selective. Right. And they ca- they. That's right. They have the ability to be selective. But you can't say then well public schools are are not as good. <SEP> Right. Perhaps they are because they're they're. If you choose the select top group out of the public schools and tested them and then compared them to the pri- to the private school group then I think you would have a more equitable way. You're right. <SEP> And I have a problem when they compare the kids in Japan or Germany to the kids here. In in in uh ho- honesty the kids in Japan are they have to try out to even get into to which kindergarten they're going to get into. Oh really? And then after uh. And if if you only. The in fact they've had cases in the past where parents have committed suicide because their child has not gotten into the top kindergarten which means they probably won't get into the top elementary and and high school. Uh-huh. <SEP> And if they don't then af- when they reach a certain age they just that's the end of their schooling. Uh-huh. And and uh they don't ever really go on. It's only their top ones that go on like ours do. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and uh so that that creates a problem. And and you can't compare because they go so many more hours. Yeah. The other thing is that the priority in the family is that child's education and is that child. Right. <SEP> Well you see that with the foreigners that come here. That's right. Um I I was talking to somebody recently or read somewhere where they where they said that you know these children they they had to be the best. And they put off all social life all everything you know. <SEP> That's right. That's right. Well is that good? Yes. The child is very bright. But on the other hand I feel like my children who are kind of middle of the road have are more rounded you know. Better coping skills. <SEP> Yes. Sure. Sure. I think it's real important to have friends. I think it's real important to play sports. I think it's real important to be part of a team. Right. And so that's why I said their childhood is extremely different from mine. We didn't do all that you know. <SEP> Right. We certainly didn't carpool and run the way I do. Um. Well and you don't you don't see the parents uh encouraging those students to get on athletic teams or drill teams or band. No. <SEP> Right. Right. It's strictly stick to the educational. And it's interesting to see them as they get older uh then that is the type of adult they are. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um.
sw3246.txt:Do you see anything wrong with public school systems? Well yes. I do. Um I think I'm concerned about the large number of children that each teacher is expected to to deal with in some quality way. I think maybe we've given our teachers a almost impossible job. I agree. <SEP> Do you? Do you have children in the public school system? Yes. And I taught for fourteen years before we moved to Texas. Is that right. And the the one thing I see is changing is I was held accountable so much. I had to document and create a paper chase for all of my students. And instead of spending my time coming up with creative learning stations and things like that I was filling out all these forms for all the children. <SEP> You were a bookkeeper. Oh. Everything had to be documented. And I had file cabinets that weren't filled with neat stuff for kids. It was filled with documentation. <SEP> Oh no. Yes. Well um I'm I have three years toward a teaching degree and am trying to get headed back. And and I'm just really in a dilemma if that's what you know. I love to work with children and to teach them. Me too. <SEP> But I'm really having questions if if I can deal with that system and and have a good conscience about you know what I do. I don't think I don't think it's the teachers. I think it's the system. I think so too. But um. They're so worried about lawsuits and the scores the children get on tests now and teacher competency you know. <SEP> Right. And it's not like the teacher can just get in there and do her best. She's always worried who's looking over her shoulder. And. What child's going to say something some parent's going to overreact to. That's right. <SEP> I know. That's that's true. Well it's it's hard on the children too. I think you know because the um the teachers are overworked. And just like a mommy that's overworked you're not at your best you know um. That's right. <SEP> Do you have children in the system? I have two. I have in the system. One is in ninth grade. And one is in seventh grade. And them. Um I'm home schooling my kindergartner this year. Oh. <SEP> We um live in a district that has open classrooms. And I wasn't particularly comfortable with that for her. Yep. Are you in Plano? Yes. Yep. I am too. <SEP> You too. And I have one in ninth grade at Clark. And one at Hendrick this year. And he my nin- my uh sixth grader came from an open classroom at Matthews. And the very first year I taught back in seventy-three we had open classroom. And it didn't work then. Oh. And when we moved down here I was just appalled that they were still doing it here. <SEP> Still at it. Well the explanation I was was given about you know. They they seemed to admit that it wasn't working. But they didn't have the money to restructure. But looks to me that it wouldn't take really that much money to at least come up with I mean some kind of partitions you know. Partitions. <SEP> Or just to face the children different directions or to do something. Just. Yeah. I know last year my son had to eat in the classroom because there was no cafeteria at his school. <SEP> Oh goodness. So he spent all day in this one large open area. Oh. So I didn't really care for that. It seems like the schools in Michigan were much better than they are down here. <SEP> Were they? That was our last tour in Michigan. Well we were from North um Carolina. And of course North North Carolina has a terrible reputation as far as education. I think they rank about forty-ninth. Oh. <SEP> But our children got a very good education there. Uh-huh. They were in the magnet school program. And a lot of their classes from the time they were about third grade they they changed classes several times during the day which has its pros and cons. But a lot of their classes there were only eight or ten children in their classes. Oh wow. <SEP> And it was wonderful. Yes. So you know I'm coming to to Plano thinking Well gosh it's going to be really great. It's ranked so much better. Yes. That's right. We heard wonderful things about it until we actually got in the system. <SEP> Isn't that interesting. I I I don't understand how they get this this reputation unless it's just that they spend a lot of money. I don't know. Probably so on publicity and letting realtors know and key people how wonderful the schools are. I guess so. So. <SEP> Well my son is at Clark this year too. So uh we're. As a freshman? Yeah. Yep. <SEP> And uh he's pleased with his classes. I I I don't guess I've been in the high school long enough to to know what to expect really you know how to judge it. Yeah. My daughter seems to be having a good time. She was absent with strep throat the last three days. And I ran over and picked up her report card. And she did very good. So and she seems to be studying and has just about the right amount of home work I would expect for a freshman to have. <SEP> Well that's good. Yeah. She's not bogged down. But yet she has some every night. <SEP> Well Eric seems to have quite a few nights where he doesn't have any. So that's interesting. But he his grades I haven't seen them yet. But supposedly they're good. So. Yes. You always hear how good. Now my son's at junior high and says that his grades are going to be wonderful. But who knows what he's going to bring home. <SEP> That's right.
sw3238.txt:Hello. Hello. Hi. <SEP> Hi. My name's Gail. I'm calling from Texas. I'm Sandy. I'm in Texas too. Oh what a deal. <SEP> Took long enough to find you. Oh really? Yeah. Seems like they take forever any more. But um so did you hear what the topic was. <SEP> Yes. Did she tell you. Okay. Yeah. Great. Well if you're ready then uh I'll just go ahead and start. <SEP> Okay. Okay. Hold on. Okay. Well I guess we're supposed to talk about the changing roles of women. Yeah. Seems like um to me everything is just changing so much that it's almost like um you can't keep up with things any more. And everything is uh ther- everyone's striving so much to make it equal between men and women. I personally I'm a stay home mom. And I like it the way it used to be. <SEP> So am I. Are you. You know I think it's kind of coming back around to that don't you. I mean that there's a lot more people that stay home now than before. But I guess more than anything I think maybe people were just kind of wanting to have the choice of what they could do you know. Yeah. <SEP> I don't know. I mean I think sometimes some of the the women's lib though is kind of like they wanted it all you know. And you can't have everything. Uh-huh. I don't I don't think that you can have I mean there's no way I could have a career and then be the kind of mom that I want to be. Yeah. <SEP> And to me that's more important. Ho- how many kids do you have? Two. Two? <SEP> Uh-huh. Are they young. Or. Five and two. Five and two. I have two. And mine are two and nine months. So um being being home is real. I I just am fortunate because I don't know a real lot of moms that get to stay home. And uh I just it's just weird that I was just talking to somebody this morning who's who's a working uh lady a working mom. And you know these people have secretaries and these high power jobs. And it just seems like um. She she told me now her daughter took her first steps at the day care. And uh I just think I I I just don't agree with that. I think it should be that people should get back to staying home and and being family more family oriented than than not. You know it seems like everybody's always so busy with everything that they're doing that there's no time for this and that and the other. And I hope it just doesn't get to where you know there's more women more and more women going into the work force. <SEP> Well I agree. I mean but I I hate for them to make people feel bad that have to work too saying you know you should stay home you know otherwise your children aren't going to you know turn out or whatever because that's not fair to you know like the single moms that have to work. Yeah. Or if they wouldn't be able to make ends meet not working or whatever. Uh-huh. <SEP> I mean I think it's got to be a personal choice. And it's nice that that we could have the choice to stay home. Yeah. Well I find that I whenever I have to whenever I'm in a group of people and we're discussing things. Like just over the weekend I visited my family and some cousins I hadn't seen in a long time. And everyone's all interested in what everybody's doing. And uh you know well I had my baby with me. And I found that all I talked about was my baby which was fine with me. But it's like you know here these people are. They're going to school getting degrees making all this money. And you know they kind of looked at me like I was from the dark ages you know like I because I didn't have really all that much to talk about uh where career and things like that were concerned. And you kind of feel little bit like an outcast for a while in social situations sometimes. <SEP> Yeah. Which is too bad because you know I I feel like I don't obviously I don't get paid for my job. But I should get paid at least double what my husband makes working in an office for staying home. Yeah. That's what I figure. I'm worth a lot just for what I do every day. But you know I don't know. This is kind of a um. At at least here I've noticed. I'm not from here. I'm from Colorado. But I've really noticed that there are a lot of uh a lot more people that are more comfortable at least with some women being home and at least in the circles I've travelled and in the church that I go to you know. That. Men don't treat you like you don't know anything generally speaking. <SEP> Yeah. Well and I think a lot of companies are realizing this and offering more opportunities as far as like job sharing or you know even having a day care on site and that kind of stuff. And I think that's really important that that they do that. Yeah. <SEP> And they realize there's a need for that. And um I don't know. I found when I did do some work when my son was young it was like contract work. And it wasn't where I had to be there every day. But I mean we were going to the doctor once a week. So I don't know how you could have a full time job and ever have any vacation time to do anything besides go to the doctor. Yeah. Yeah. I can see where that would definitely hinder the problem. Definitely. Well.
sw3269.txt:Real excited when I heard this. So far I've been trying to call all day because I keep getting these subjects like capital punishment. So football I love this. Oh yes. This is great. Well we're from Colorado. So we're Bronco fans. And um we just moved here two years ago. And they went to the Superbowl when we first moved here. And they lost again. That was pretty pitiful. But they seem to be doing pretty good this year. <SEP> Well I was from Illinois originally. And I grew up a Bear fan. And uh then we moved here. Even when we knew we were being transferred here we became Cowboy fans. Oh. And we had some wonderful wonderful years there under Roger Staubach. <SEP> And we kind of got spoiled. Yeah. We expected it to continue forever. I think they're doing pretty well this year though. Well they haven't they haven't have they just lost one game this year? <SEP> I think two. Two. I know they lost yeah to Washington and Philadelphia. Yeah. But they're not doing bad. People are pretty surprised that they I mean they beat the Giants. <SEP> Yeah. And wasn't that fun. I went to the balloon festival in Plano and carried my little portable radio with me. And I must say I attracted a lot of attention. I bet. <SEP> People running up saying oh what's the score what's the score? Oh boy I bet all the men that got direct down there were just right on it. That's right. And that's exactly what they said my wife dragged me away from the television. Yep. <SEP> You know but I wasn't. I had forgotten. Or I probably wouldn't have been there. Yeah. Yeah. Well I am I'm a big football fan. I never wou-. My father was a football fan my whole life. And he used to have the football pool at the office and all this stuff. And I just hated it. And I think I was just mad because he spent so much time watching football on Sundays. Yeah. And uh so when I met my husband he was watching football. And I figured out that I couldn't see him all weekend. I couldn't see him until like Tuesday because MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL if I didn't like football. <SEP> So. That's exactly where both of the wives came from I think. Yep. <SEP> It was uh you know. It's easier to join them than fight them. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And if you want to see them you might just as well enjoy football. Yeah. <SEP> And I used to tease my husband sometimes and say my gosh yo- did you bet the house or something this week to get so excited about these games. Uh-huh. Well I do. I just I love it. It's such I just think it's such a fun sport. And uh I'm just hoping that the Broncos can get back on their feet. We're not convinced that we're going to be Cowboy fans yet. But uh. <SEP> Well it takes a little brainwashing first. Well I guess we'll first have to get to used to the idea that we're staying here. Yeah. That's even harder. But. <SEP> Are you uh transit usually? I mean do you stay not in one place too long? No. We're just. This is only the second place we've lived. We've only been married for five and a half years. And uh we have two small children. And he had a uh just got transferred here to E-Systems. So. Well it will take you a little while. But you'll probably always have a soft spot in your heart though for for Denver. Oh. <SEP> Well I tell you this. The weather here and there's no mountains or anything you know. And when you go to a football game in Colorado that's you know there's snow. And it's an adventure. And here yeah you've just got to drive down to the to the stadium. Oh I know. And uh. <SEP> Well if they close it in see we'll have the best of both worlds then as they're talking about doing. Yes. But uh Dan Reeves is a pretty neat guy anyway. Well he's from here. <SEP> Yeah. That's right you know. So Yeah. He was one of ours one of our boys. That's what I hear. <SEP> So we are never we never cheer against Denver unless they're playing the Cowboys. Which is rare. Yeah. Which is good. Yeah. But uh I. You know it's funny. In in Colorado when the Broncos went to the Superbowl three times in the last I don't know five or six years whatever it's been. Um they have these songs on the radio. They take moder- popular songs and and change them to fit uh the Broncos and stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they had. I was just thinking about one the other day. Uh if I saw a picture of John Elway in the in the cafeteria at school um. But they did the Johnny Angel. They did Johnny Elway to that. Johnny Elway. And and I was trying to get my son to sing that. My husband was just having a fit don't have him sing that song. But they they do a lot of fun things. I think football is football is kind of a a sport that I think you kind of it's hard not to like it. Because you know there's just. <SEP> Well there is so much about it to like. It's exciting. You know it's so exciting. Yeah. <SEP> And when the Cowboys won the Superbowl here of course they put together some real cute songs. And we all ran out and bought the records. And now we feel like they're kind of a collector's item. Yeah. Yeah. They probabl-. I I wish I would have bought the tape when I was in uh Te- in Colorado. Because uh I I think about that a lot. But you know when I first moved here was when they well no I guess it was about a year ago they did this. This interstate seventy-five song. Or whatever it was about Central Expressway and getting it done in nineteen ninety-five and everything. Uh-huh. That was kind of a funny song. But they sure do. It seems to me like they really love their Cowboys here. Even when they were losing pitifully you know people still support them. We drive by some houses everyday that have big signs. We love the Cowbo-.
sw2035.txt:Hi Diana. Hi. Have you all been able to do much as a family these days? <SEP> Pardon me. Have you all been able to do much as uh as a full family these days all of you. Oh yes. We've uh been um we've gone other you know all kinds of places. We go out to dinner. Yeah. <SEP> We take the kids to the park. And uh you know whenever we he my husband has time off or something we take them to the zoo. Or we you know we do everything we can possibly as a family. Do you work outside the home? No. I don't. Yeah. I don't either. It makes it a little bit easier I think that way. <SEP> Yeah. It does. An an then uh you know my husband enjoys spending time with the kids you know. He'll he'll take them out just to be with them. Yeah. So he they can have time with him an. So you have a break too. <SEP> Right. So and we uh we try to teach our kids as much as we can at home you know we have we try to spend like Monday nights we call it family home evening and have our kids uh you know have little lessons with them and you know just see count see how things are going in our family and you know teach them about their grandparents or something like that. Bring out pictures of them so they get to know them. Uh-huh. And we just do all kinds of fun things like that. An. Yeah. We have family that's far away. It sounds like you might too. <SEP> Yeah. We do. So they you know the only way they know their grandparents is by pictures. Yeah. And uh. Right. And phone calls that's about about it. <SEP> Yeah. Right. And uh you know they we you know we go to the park. Or we go in the backyard and sit down. An. That's wha- yeah that's what we mostly do pretty simple things. Yeah. Especially since my youngest one is excuse me only fourteen months. <SEP> Right. She she's really getting to the age where she's playing and likes to go places. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And with you know me being at home and just having the one income you know you don't have this lot of extra money to to do a lot of you know extra things. That's right. So you you make more fun than you know. You know the kids just think it's wonderful just maybe to go get an ice cream cone or yeah or uh you know go get a bag of M and M's or something like that. Oh that's a big thrill for them. <SEP> They they think that's a lot of fun. So we just we try to spend as much time as we can. We you know. Our our whole weekends are divi- are devoted to our children except for we might go out you know one evening or something. Yeah. But during the day you know it's all devoted to our kids. And they come go to church with us. And so. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> Yeah. So. Have um have you ever been to the Science it's called the Science Place? Yes. Yes. That's what. We ju- we haven't lived here too long. And we went there a couple of weeks ago. And uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. The kids thought that was wonderful. Oh yeah. We. I guess there's Science Place One and Science Place Two. We've only been in I think it's Science Place Two. I is I'm not sure which one we went into. It was about a year or so ago when we went. The one we went in had uh. The thing that sticks out most in my mind is that like a kid's place area. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. That really seem they really seemed to go wild in there. Yeah. Yeah. They had a lot of fun in there. And uh there's uh there's some petting you know like uh uh. I think it's Owens Country Farms has a free petting you know like a farm that you can go to. And the kids can pet animals and stuff. Where's that. <SEP> That's on Plano Road. Uh it's like in Richardson you go up Plano Road. It's like a little bit past Campbell and Plano Road. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And that's a lot of fun. Oh yeah. <SEP> They have tours going through there. And uh the kids think that was a lot of fun too. Oh that does sound like fun. It's a little bit of a ways. We take you know whenever we take them to Showbiz. Or they think it's wonderful just to go to McDonald's you know. They don't go for the food. They go for the to play around. And There's another place in Mesquite called Monkey Business. That's right. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's a indoor fun park. And it has a bunch of different rides for kids. That's sounds fun too. <SEP> And parents get in free. And it's like during the week. It's like five dollars admission per child all day. And and you said about Plano and Campbell is the petting. The petting farm. Yeah. That sounds fun. I think maybe we'll try to do that. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And the one in Mesquite is uh Scyene exit. Uh-huh. And it's it's uh. The kids just had a wonderful time there. They you know you just pay that admission. And then all the the the rides are free. You know of course they have all the little video games and you know those little quarter rides you know to and stuff like that. But they thought that was lot of fun. Yeah. <SEP> You can have birthday parties there. An I think that was better than like Showbiz Pizza cause there's more for them to do. Because they can just do. You don't have to have tokens for everything. Yeah. Right. Yeah. <SEP> So they had a lot of fun. That does sound like fun. Well I've gotten some good ideas from you. Yeah. I we try to do a lot of things as a family and you know inexpensively as possible. So. Definitely. Well I think I don't know if we've done five minutes. But I'm sure that will be good. <SEP> Yeah. That will be good. Yeah. It was good talking to you. Well it was good talking to you. I really appreciate your suggestions. <SEP> Oh no problem. Well take care. Okay. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3254.txt:Okay. Where do you enjoy dining out? Oh I generally go to the quickie places just because they're cheap. Yes. Do you have children? <SEP> Uh we have four. But most of them are gone now. Uh. So there there might be. But we were taking you know uh four five and six people out. Yeah. That makes a difference doesn't it. <SEP> Yes. What area of the country do you live in? I'm in Texas. Yes. I am too. But. <SEP> And we live- we lived in Ohio prior to this. I did too. I'm from the Dayton area. <SEP> Uh we were up near Cleveland. Oh. Yeah. Uh but I look for service even at the quickie places type things. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I don't like to go to the drive-thrus because sometimes they get your order wrong. That's right. And then you're stuck. And it's a pain to have to stand there and see what it is before you leave. Yes. <SEP> So I really don't like the drive-thrus that much. I I like to go and eat there. But I would say service uh atmosphere and whether the food is good. And on going out I like steaks. So we try to hit those places when we can. When we travel we look for Wendy's because we have kids. And my husband and I like getting the salads or the lighter meals. Uh-huh. And then that way they can get their burgers and fries. And we can have a salad bar. <SEP> Yeah. So sometimes we drive for a couple hundred miles until we find a Wendy's because it's all either McDonald's or Dairy Queens. <SEP> Uh yeah. And in in in the countries unless it's a large city I guess Dairy Queen and Wal-Mart are their main. Right. That's right. That's what you find. Right. I know. <SEP> My husband likes uh Dairy Queens. He likes their milk shakes and their chili cheese dogs I guess. Uh-huh. So he's a fan of of Dairy Queen. And and we'll go even in town here at times just as a a change although I'm not that excited about it. Uh-huh. <SEP> But we've eat we eat out so much it's gotten so I don't like to really eat any place. But yet I hate to cook food at home. Oh. So that might be why I look for inexpensive places just because we're eating out probably five nights a week maybe. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um. Or we eat junk food at home. Yeah. <SEP> Uh now my husba-. Well what are some of your your favorite inexpensive places? Oh we'll go to them all. We sort of take turns. And we uh. I sort of favor the ones. If I have a coupon we can go there. And if not we can't because it's cheaper. Uh-huh. <SEP> So mine is monetarily I guess strongly monetarily based. Uh we'll go get pizza and uh at Little Caesar's although the kids prefer Domino's. Oh we are Little Caesar fans here. Right. That's where we always go. <SEP> But it's just a lot cheaper than than Domino's. So that's. We go to Grandy's quite a bit I would say. Yes. We like Grandy's too. McDonald's uh we've sort of been off of that for a while. And no particular reason. And I. Maybe we avoided Wendy's the last few years because our daughter worked there. And she never wanted us to show up there. Oh. <SEP> So I don't we don't go there that much. Where do you go if you like to have a nice meal out or a big meal? A nice meal oh. Where do you go for steaks? <SEP> It's usually when we're out of town. Oh. And I'll order steak or steak and lobster combined. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it's really not in town. Oh. You ever been to Houston's on Belt Line? No. That's where we go to get steaks. <SEP> Uh-huh. They have a teriyaki steak there. And when we have something to celebrate we head to Houston's. They don't take reservations. And you wind up waiting about an hour. Uh-huh. But the food is good. And they've got a nice patio area that you can wait and get something to drink unless you get there at five o'clock. Then you can go right through. <SEP> Right. But they have real good signature salads there and nice steaks. So that's our nice place to go. We don't usually take the kids when we go there. But well we don't go out that much. I gue- well I guess we do go out without kids. We're usually picking things up quickly. Though we just don't dwell on food too much. Yeah. <SEP> And uh with my husband traveling he can get all he needs of that during the week going to those places. Right. That's right. <SEP> So it doesn't really matter to him. He'd probably just like to stay home. Yeah. That's the way with my husband. He's gone during the week and likes to eat at home on the weekends. And I've been eating at home all week long with the kids and would like to go out somewhere. So we have a conflict of interests on the weekend. <SEP> Well I think I I never have liked to cook food. But I think it all began eating out when we had uh the boys in in different uh baseball on baseball tea-. Right. It was mainly baseball teams. Yes. <SEP> And my husband would coach. So we were never home at the same time. Uh-huh. I'm not one that's going to fix you know the meal at two o'clock in the afternoon so they can eat it all day whenever they're there. Right. <SEP> If they're not there in between five and six well then I guess we don't eat today. Or you go you know you fend for yourself. Yep. You go somewhere else. So that you know that really snowballed when we got down here when I started to sub make money I went Oh well I'll just sub to.
sw2120.txt:Back by that. The uh uh. You know there are so many ramifications to this entire thing of woman how women have changed. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh look at them. In England Margaret Thatcher was prime minister uh Indira Ghandi uh in India. Uh-huh. So many uh women are heads of state. And I you know we we keep saying oh yes we feel some day a woman will be president. But uh I have some question whether or not they will ever really get around to that. I think we'll have a black president b- before we have a women president. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I don't know whether that's bad or good. It's just a point that I have observed that we. Yeah. I I. Yeah. I I I truly believe that that before that that we have to address the racial racial issues in the United States before we can go anywhere. Yes. <SEP> Right. Um because it is so you know it's. A friend of mine wen- traveled to Balise and into Honduras. Uh oh. Hello. <SEP> Uh oh I think we're we're supposed to hang up. Yeah. Well it wasn't the matter of wealth. It was the matter that they were not wealthy that made them equal. Yes. Well I'll talk to you later. <SEP> All right. Thank you. Bye bye. Okay. Bye-bye.
sw3334.txt:Well what do you know about Latin American policies? Well I think they're kind of ambivalent really. Uh I just have a feeling that we've kind of talked out of both sides of mouths down there like we do in some other situations you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Huh. Are you uh relating this uh to the uh affair we've got going on in Haiti right now? We we don't know half the time we don't know who to support. <SEP> That and you know maybe it's maybe it's tough for a big powerful nation to deal with with uh countries like that that depend on us so much without you know just telling them running their country for them. Right. But. That that's just it. <SEP> It's got to be tough. But I mean uh uh you sure you still have to you know let them know how you feel. Right. I guess my concern you know no matter which no matter which side we take we're going to have supporters and we're going to have uh antisupporters I guess for lack of better term. And uh like you said they're such small countries that we're bound to upset somebody. But we seem to be lacking the ability to take a stance. Yeah. It worries me that uh the economy of so many countries in in South America and Central America depend on something that damages people like the you know like cocaine from Columbia. Right. <SEP> And uh you know of course I I'm sure we have some enemies down there who wouldn't care what happened to us. Right. But but that is that's a tough deal. That's true. <SEP> And it. I don't think that. Maybe I maybe it's you know I'm reflecting how I feel about it. But I have a feeling that we that we really don't understand basically the the the competing factions in lot of those countries. And I mean they've been hammering for the last you know ten centuries. Sure. And it's still going on. And uh we we dabble in it just enough to make both sides angry at us some how some times. <SEP> Yep. That's about the lump sum of it. Well um I was speaking with a a woman. From I believe she was from the Honduras or Guatemala or somewhere in there. No. She was from El Salvador. Yeah. And uh she was from a relatively wealthy family. And when uh the Contras came into power of course with. Uh oh gosh darn what's his face. He's in in Florida jail now. Marcos. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Uh no. He's Marcos is Philippines. Yeah. Um well I'm blank on it. Well you know who I'm talking about. <SEP> I can see his face forget his name. Yeah. I I know it uh. Anyway when he came into power he basically just took everybody's property you know just assigned it to himself. Yeah. Kind of nationalized it for himself. Right. <SEP> Right. And uh so she's been a real strong supporter of the Sandinistas and has been trying to back the U S government in that respect. And in that respect I have to agree that I think we're taking the right stance uh because they were a democracy turned uh. Yeah. <SEP> Dictator. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Basically a dictator fascist. <SEP> And it seems like those countries are so easily susceptible to that kind of thing. It just you know unstable. Sure. Well what do you think of uh this uh U S free trade agreement we're working on with Mexico? <SEP> Well I think it's long overdue. Uh-huh. Uh I just you know. There's so much difference in in the economies of the two countries I'm not you know I have a problem uh with whether it's going to work or not you know. There's uh it seems like there's. And I. This may be unfair to Mexico. But it seems like there's a lack of honesty in in foreign policy a lot of the times. Uh-huh. Mexico. They're I know they're trying they're really trying the Mexican government is trying. And a lot of the larger Mexican businesses are trying to oh make themselves Americanized I guess and uh which is great because that's what they basically need to do. <SEP> Yeah. The big problem with the United States is we have our basic nine to five schedule you know. Yeah. And we don't have the Siesta. <SEP> Yeah. And there's the cultural differences is what's is what's kind of it's what's really hurting uh the Mexican people because they've had their way of life. And we've had our way of life. And uh. I think their their version of the good old boy network going that. Uh you know has a lot.
sw3497.txt:So how is the weather out there? Uh it's really cold. And it's supposedly for this time of the year it's unseasonably cold. And they've gotten more snow than they've ever had. Oh really? <SEP> You have breaking records for coldness and all that kind of stuff. How about you guys? Um. Uh it's just it's a it's about same. The usual I think. Oh. So nice for skiing and all that kind of stuff. It's good. <SEP> Yeah. Well the weather let's see well the snow here is different from Utah's. Because I have lived in Utah for like ten years. Oh really? What part? And uh. Provo. I was going to B Y U. Oh really? Okay. <SEP> Yeah. And uh the snow is like really cold. I mean it's like really humid. So it seems wetter or something like that. It's. It's more humid in Utah than there? Uh-huh. Or there? <SEP> It's more humid in Iowa than Utah. Okay. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Okay. And it seems like when the winds blow it's really it goes right through you. It's really different from Utah's weather. I thought Utah was cold. But I think Iowa is a lot colder. Yeah. See that's how it is in Texas too. Because when it's cold it's really cold. So. <SEP> Yeah. I don't think there is any mountains to stop the wind. What's that? I don't think there is any mountains to stop the wind. Right. Yeah. So the humidity is I think what does it. <SEP> Yeah. I think that's true. Because I I noticed when I got here too. Because like I'd. When it would snow in Texas uh I would just I mean we'd be f- really cold. Uh-huh. And we'd have to get really warm. And here you can almost not even wear a coat outside when it's snowing. And you don't you don't feel super cold. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. That's true. It was weird. Yeah. But so how long ago did you graduate? Or did you. Or. <SEP> Uh I graduated in nineteen eighty-seven. Oh really? Yeah. My husband got his doctorate at B Y U. So that's. And so he just graduated this past year. Oh. So you just barely moved away? <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. We really miss Well we really miss Utah. Do you like it out there? We miss the mountains. You do? <SEP> Yeah. Because it's like really flat here. Well not flat but hilly. But no big mountains or anything. Uh-huh. So you just moved away a year ago? <SEP> Uh in August. Wow really recent. Yeah. But uh see see what else can I say about the weather. Uh well today was warmer. It was like forty-five. Oh warm. <SEP> So what's the temperature up today over there? Oh man. It's got to be like it's probably fifty fifty-five maybe. Oh really? Maybe not that warm. Probably about uh. Yeah. It's not it's not that cold really. <SEP> And whenever I remembered the weather reports in Utah I never really remember them talking too much about wind chill. Yeah. But they talk about wind chill here all the time. Yeah. That's a big deal in Texas too. <SEP> They said it could be like six degrees out and like negative forty-one wind chill. Um. So that's what we're not used to. Yeah. That's true. That makes a big difference. Huh. <SEP> So oh I. So did you used to ski when you were out here? What's that? Did you used to ski when you were in Utah? <SEP> Oh I've only I've only skied in Utah once. Oh really? I only skied once my whole life. <SEP> But do you do a lot of skiing there? Uh not tons. But I like to when I get a chance. Uh-huh. I've only been once so far but had the opportunity a couple times since then. Just saving my money for Christmas things and that. <SEP> Yeah. So is this your first year in Utah? Uh no. This is actually my third year. <SEP> And you're going to school there? Uh-huh. Oh. Yep. <SEP> At U of U. Or. No. At B Y U. Oh really? Yeah. <SEP> Oh. So but I'll be here a long time at this rate. What's your major? Uh it was nursing. But I'm in the process of changing it right now. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh. Because it's really really competitive at B Y U. Yeah. You have to have like a three seven to get in. So It's really. <SEP> That's true. I'm going to look into some other fields. I'd like. All the science classes and that I'm just not really enjoying too much. So I think I better get into something that I can enjoy the process of going to school. Uh-huh. So. <SEP> Yeah. That's that's a good idea. Did you graduate in a certain field. Or. Uh education. I got a double major. In. <SEP> Uh elementary and special ed. Really? Uh-huh. That what my sister did. <SEP> Oh really? Yeah. You might know her. Here name is Lori Bird. Maybe not. I think she graduated around then too though eighty-seven probably. But she got her doc-. Yeah. Well I can't. There are so many girls in all my classes. I can't remember how many people. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Because they since uh stopped that program. I mean where you can where you can get it double pretty easily. Oh have they? <SEP> Oh. I mean it's it's really.
sw2945.txt:Where are you from Tina? Um I'm from Maryland. And um I have one son who's almost sixteen months old. Are are you married or. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> You are. I have I have two children. I have a seven year old and a three year old. Oh. And uh so I try to spend as much time as possible with them. <SEP> That's good. Uh what kind of things do you do? Well um w- we do a lot of things with them you know. Ta- Taylor my youngest is. Or my oldest is in school. And so she has a lot of school programs and things like that. Oh. Ho- was it a big change in your life to uh have a child. <SEP> Oh yeah. Um yeah. It's really nice uh. My husband uh is working mo- you know most of the time. He's working long hours. But uh I'm staying home. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh I'm just working a couple days a month. And um. Oh uh-huh. What do you do during those those days? <SEP> Um we spend a lot of time at the playground. And we go to the zoo. And we go. And we wa-. Well you said you said you worked a couple days a month though. Yeah. Yeah. What do what do you do? <SEP> I'm a nurse. Oh are you? So yeah. So it's it's it's real easy to work out my schedule you know to uh get in to to still stay in with that an and to have enough time to spend with Matthew. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> He he's uh just now really starting to to get interested in a lot of things. So um. Yeah. I understand that. Yeah. They really grow up quick. Especially at that early age. Yeah. But my my wife was uh. She worked part-time when my oldest was was little. And now she's staying home all the time. But uh that worked out really well because it's a big transition I think to have children. <SEP> Oh yeah. You know to go from you know nothing you know. If you want to do something every night that's fine. But when you have children it doesn't work that way anymore. So. That's right. And I think a lot of people are um are turning to well I think I think a lot of people are realizing that. But still there are so many people that are you know have their careers first. And it's uh I think it's really hurting uh the kids you know. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But. Yeah. I agree with you. I I I think that my wife leaned that way. And I'm really glad she did. And you know I'm glad she's staying home. But you know I know there are some days when she wi- she wishes she was back at work. I know. <SEP> That's why I like to to to work a couple days. I think it's uh it gives me a break. Yeah. Yeah. Well t- see that's that's why I'm glad my wife did too. 'cause she worked either two to thre- three days a week. And that got her out of the house. And yet she'd get to spend you know three or four days with. <SEP> Most of the time at home. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so. Uh we had started out like that. And um I think that was really ideal uh. Yeah. I do to. I agree. But then when you start having two of them it's you know a little bit tougher because you've got to make a little more money to make that payoff and stuff. <SEP> It's. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's difficult. But. Are are you from the Maryland area? <SEP> Uh-huh. I'm I've I've lived here forever. So. Really. Yeah. I me- I live in Germantown. And uh. Are you where are you from? Um uh I'm in Dallas Texas. <SEP> In Dallas. Oh. Yeah. So uh I'm I've lived here like eight years or so. My wife's from Fort Worth. Oh yea-. But. Yeah. I work for Texas Instruments. <SEP> Okay. Oh. So that explains. Yeah. That explains it doesn't it. Well um I don't know. I uh we we do a lot of things on the weekends together the family. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But uh as far as during the week it's it's usually uh you know just my son and I. And we're. Yeah. What's your husband do? Uh he he works for Coca Cola. Uh-huh. <SEP> So he uh he manages a plant out here. Oh. An and it takes a lot of time. Oh yeah. I'm sure it does. <SEP> But um it you know. We take walks and go to the library and try to fill our day with things like that. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> But um. Yeah. What uh. My wife did some teaching at like uh like a private tutoring place. A Sylvan Learning Center this year. Oh. And so that that got me to sp- to be able to spend more time with the kids at night and stuff you know'cause normally if if they need something they just go to mom. No matter what it is. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. I mean I cou- I'm perfectly capable of doing it for them. But it's so much easier to go to mom. <SEP> Right. I guess they get used to it. So. But you know we'd go to the library and do things like that. Yeah. But. <SEP> That's good. That's good. I know my husband was real uh. In the beginning when he uh he was transferred to a a larger plant. And he uh he works about an hour and a half away from here from our home. Uh-huh. And uh so it takes him a little bit of time. Oh yeah. <SEP> And I'm not able to work during the week uh because of that. He was I was working in the evening. Uh-huh. And he was coming home. And I I could go to work. But uh their relationship uh when I was able to work in the evenings uh really grew. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. He you know. Just the time that they were spending together. Yeah. <SEP> I think it it really it really helped to have that time together. Uh-huh. It really does. Because I think yu- you know you grow closer. Was your uh was your husband I mean naturally a child. I mean ha- had he been around children. Or. Uh oh yeah. He has uh he has seven other brothers and sisters. Oh. <SEP> And they have we have thirteen grand. Well his parents have thirteen grandchildren. Uh-huh. So it's uh you know there's a lot of kids in the family. And and he really enjoys it. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But uh right now it's kind of a difficult time. But. Yeah. And and the cost of living here is just so tremendously you know outrageous. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Um it's difficult uh to do it any other way. Yeah. I understand. Yeah. I'm I you know. It's it's hard because you know. Then you're not getting to spend as much time with at home. I mean your husband is not getting to spend as much time at home as he'd want to. <SEP> That's right. So yeah. That that's a tough situation. But then then again you know some. You got to do what you got to do you know to get along too. Yeah. So. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. At least I I just consider myself blessed that I can stay home. It uh. Uh-huh. We- well like I said my wife normally feels that way. There are days when uh I come home and she says here take these kids. I'm getting out. I know. So she's she's had about enough during those days. But. But for the most part I you know I've really feel like that's led. <SEP> I know. The way that you know we- jus-. Like what you said with the cost of living and everything I think a lot of people can't afford to get by on just one salary an and won't. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And so I think that's le- tended to lead to a decline in in families and family values especially. Oh yeah. It has. And I really think that that's one of the problems the nation's facing that you know we need to do something about. But I don't know what. <SEP> I believe that too. And I think uh the kids are where they need to you know. Yeah. They need to really focus on the children in the wor- in this country. Yeah. Would would you have said that a couple of years ago do you think? <SEP> No. I didn't I didn't even really think about it that much I mean you know. Uh-huh. I I was aware vaguely aware of it. But um I didn't it wasn't really that important to me. And uh. Uh-huh. It's amazing how your whole focus on life changes after you've had a child. <SEP> Oh it it really does. I. Just the whole uh you know. Seeing how you really are cre- are are forming this you know the mind. Uh-huh. Well you know in the next year or so you'll see so many instances where you know he'll mimic something that you've done. And you see you know everything I'm doing he's learning from. <SEP> That's right. And and you think if I wasn't here he'd be learning that from a baby-sitter or from a day care. Yeah. You know th- that's how they're developing their patterns. And I think a lot of people either don't care or don't realize it you know. That's. <SEP> Or or they just put it in the back of their mind and let it slide. Yeah. I I've seen a lot of people just say well you know he'll learn everything when he gets into uh you know. Yeah. Eventually. <SEP> Yeah. It's true. But it um. I I know. Even just this first year that I've been with uh my son h- here um he's. I can just see how much of of a difference it makes staying home with him instead of uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Plus plus I think it becomes part of y- part of you too. I mean you get to stay home. I mean it's not just for him. But it's also for you because you're both kind of bonding together there too I think. So. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. Well it's been nice talking to you. Well it's nice talking to you too. Okay. Good luck. <SEP> Okay. Okay. Good-bye.
sw3150.txt:So how do you feel about capital punishment? Well it's. I am pretty much against it. Really? <SEP> Yeah. How about you? Oh I'm pretty much for it. Oh good. We can have a debate. We'll have some interesting discussion I guess. <SEP> Well like um I don't know. I c- think that I. One of the reasons that I'm against it is that uh um I'm afraid of someone losing their life for s- um wrongly. Wrongfully. Yeah. Right. Yeah. <SEP> And uh another reason. One of the arguments that really I really actually have been kind of ambivalent about it but one of the arguments that really uh made me feel kind of strongly against it is that uh you know someone said to me once well imagine if the person you love most in the world like your mother or something if someone killed her wouldn't you want to see them killed for the punishment? But then I thought about it. And I thought well the loss that I would feel at losing my mother someone else would feel that about that person no matter how rotten they were somebody loves them. Yeah. It would never be equal. <SEP> Right. Right. Yeah. <SEP> How about you? Well I guess you know I I guess I can see it from several different perspectives. But you know when I hear about things like you know what they've what they've been reporting about in Milwaukee you know I I to me I don't see any way of rehabilitating the guy. You know maybe there is I don't know. Yeah. That's true. But you know and you know he's never going to be to me a functioning part of society. He's already been either paroled or whatever for child molestation. <SEP> Uh-hum. I mean I don't know. I just I really have a hard time with that because he really sounds like a real sicko. And you know for the things he's done. I don't know. I guess it's either you know put him in jail for the rest of his life you know or or capital punishment I guess. You know. Right. Well you know that's true because um m- b- a lot of um these conversations I've had on this program this these telephone conversations have revolved around um criminal you know justice. An- and- Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh really. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Or whatever. And most of the time I hear myself saying well you know we don't have enough room left in the jails. And people crime is still climbing. <SEP> And we need to have different punishments you know. Right. But I just am scared of capital punishment I guess. Yeah. Well I can underst-. <SEP> I I mean you know there there is always that chance. But you know I guess to some people it'd almost be better to die to them than to spend life in prison or whatever I don't I mean I don't know. But uh you know but that would be a situation where if somebody you know was gon na be you know. You you you really throw a lot on the courts hopefully that they won't do that you know for any for any situation really. But uh you know when I you find somebody just like that situation I mean it was disgusting when I read about it today. And and when you find someone like that that you know is guilty he confessed already to killing eleven I I'd you know I guess I have a hard time feeling merciful toward him. Uh-huh. And you know. Right. <SEP> Right. Especially when it's so far removed. If it's no one that I know then you have to think about the taxpayers paying the shelter and feed and clothe them for the rest of their life. <SEP> Right. Right. <SEP> And trying to rehabilitate him too. And you know. Letting him out again. Right. Exactly. And uh you know nobody wants that. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know everybody would be just as scared to death you know. We we've had a real problem here in Texas with uh prison overcrowding. And they've been releasing people left and right. And you know they've committed murders and rapes and everything else. And you know you just think you know where's the justice here. Uh-huh. I mean you know they're not even having to serve out what they should be serving. <SEP> That's true. You know I just recently moved to Massachusetts. I'm not sure what their policy is on capital punishment. And that was one of the questions. But uh I do know that they are notorious for paroling people. Oh really? Yeah. When they're when. And then having them reconvicted for violent crimes. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And I guess they said you know sh- do you think it should be restricted? I guess if it were if if. Because a lot of states do still practice capital punishment. Uh-huh. <SEP> I guess violent crimes would be the crimes where I can see it making the most sense. Yeah. You know violent crimes with no uh with just malicious intent. Right. Exactly. Yeah. Well you know that's exactly I mean I'm I'm not saying I I think capital murder or capital punishment is the perfect solution in every case you know especially because there are some cases when you just don't know. And I I think there's a a shadow of a doubt you know like with this this guy in in Milwaukee. I mean it. He pretty much confessed to it. I mean they you know. Just everything I mean cannibalism and everything else uh. <SEP> Yeah. I really would have a hard time especially if I was on a jury not wanting him to you know be executed. Yeah. Hang? Because I mean that's just awful. <SEP> And what is he going to do prison to the other people? Right. Well I have a hun- I have a hunch that you know the other prisoners aren't going to be too happy with him anyway. Either. I mean you know they. I don't know. From from what I hear about jail life is not any way to live. Right. But uh I don't know. It's just. <SEP> Well I was I saw on a human interest story or whatever today there was a woman who was just being paroled and trying to make it back. She was off drugs and everything. Uh-huh. But she said uh you know in prison you can get anything. You can any drugs you want. There's. It it's just like being outside. You know people find ways around. Really. <SEP> And there's a power structure that you have bow to. And and it really isn't for some people tha- who have been there for over and over and over it really isn't uh as bad. I mean there's. It's not that bad of a life as it should be b- for the punishment aspect. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But the society is turned against punishment and more towards rehabilitation. And maybe that's why one of the reasons why crime has gone up because it's not so scary anymore. Yeah. That. Yeah. Well you know especially like repeat offenders. It it just appalls me that they can be out you know they even get a ten year sentence and be out in in two or three or four years. You know that's that's scary because you know I'm not sure I think we're paroling them without even knowing if they're you know going to be committing any more violent acts or not. <SEP> Right. And what they're going to be doing when they get out. Right. And it it's it's really scary. I me- you know. I I don't know what the perfect solution to that is. But I know that especially with violent crimes where you know you're nearly a hundred percent convinced that they're guilty and without much repentance or anything else you know then I don't know I I guess I I just really don't see much use for this guy in Milwaukee you know. For instance I mean that's just. I could see capital punishment in a case like that. And you know for for other people too that do things like that. But uh when. Uh my wife and I are both participating in this survey. And she picked up the phone. And when she heard the topic she said capital punishment. So she was uh. <SEP> Handed it to you? Yeah. Well luckily it was for me. Because they want th- they coordinate the times so it can only be one or the other. <SEP> Oh oh I see. So she tried to enter her number. And it wouldn't work. So she said whew it's for you. So but uh you know I don't know. I I struggle with it. But I I really think that in in terms of like this I'd I think that it it might not be such a bad thing. Because I don't know that anybody w- in- I don't know that anybody would feel good you know like if you let someone like that loose in your community. You know I I I'm su-. You'd have to be scared to death. <SEP> Well maybe if they could uh. If they had more money or more more resources to work more on rehabilitation. I mean deep down I think every every human.
sw2349.txt:Okay. All right. Um I I understand that it's being proposed as a requirement for uh young people to be to go into public service. <SEP> Uh-huh. I think. Yes. All all young Americans they did not specify you know exactly what young means. Yeah. Yeah. I think that it probably would be a a good program. I think probably two years is too long. <SEP> Yeah. I think maybe a year would be the longest. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. You're prob- probably right. Two years might be a little too long. Yeah. And there will be a lot of rebellion in that. And when you get people who have no desire to be there in the first place I don't think that they're going to be serving anybody. That's right. That that would be the problem. Sure would. <SEP> Yeah. So I think it would be a good thing though to encourage other people who aren't even aware that they can do such a thing. To get out there and do so. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Or maybe offer them you know some sort of an incentive to do it. Uh you know college credit you know something you know. Yeah. <SEP> Right. I'm not sure what. But. Right. College credit is a good idea because. <SEP> I'm not sure they need to be you know paid you know. A super do salary of any kind. Right. But that that kind of takes away from public service. That's right. Yeah. They probably couldn't do anything monetary. But I think giving giving some kind of college credit. <SEP> But just you know to receive a letter in the mail that says you know you need to report somewhere by next Monday you know you need to report somewhere by next Monday you know. I'm not sure that would be a terrifically good idea. No. I don't think so either because a lot of people um depending on how the public service programs are set up. And I'm not that familiar with them to know. <SEP> I'm not either really. But you know if a a lot of people flat can't afford to. That's right. You know. <SEP> That's right. And most kids these days have gotten themselves into uh financial situations where they have to be working all the time. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's right. Absolutely. They need you- young families whatever. So it's it's a really tough question. That's right. <SEP> They just couldn't you know take off to do that. Yeah. Oh. And if you put them in public service right out of high school then that that postpones their college for a year. <SEP> That's right. Uh-huh. And that would upset a lot of people too because they just want to get on. Uh-huh. It sure would. <SEP> It would have to be a lot of you know thought given to something like that I would think. Yeah. I you know I think it would be good for a lot of people to get involved in that kind of program. Uh-huh. But I I think it can't be something that's mandatory. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It has to be something that's voluntary. You know which is pretty much the way it is now. They might. That's right. I'm not even really sure at this point in time you know what what programs are out there. Yeah. And that's the other thing is that you know instead of making it mandatory they maybe need to publicize it a little bit better. And uh you know go to the schools and do programs and tell them that we need your help and you know uh volunteer for such and such a time. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And you've a choice of where you want to go. <SEP> Yeah. And and that way handling it that way they could probably get some results out of it. Yeah. Like maybe if if there was something they could do in their own own in their own town or city yeah and not have to pull up roots and you know go somewhere half way around the world or something. Yeah. In their own community. Right. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. Most of them probably wouldn't do something like that. Although there are a lot of kids who would do it just to get away from their parents. That's right. <SEP> Yeah. That's that's true too. That's true too. But they would have to be supported in some way. And I'm not sure that tho- those programs are available to do that. Yeah. Yeah. Me neither. And you wonder you know what kind of quality job would they do you know Just sit around for their year. Right. <SEP> Or would they really you know make a contribution of some kind. Right. Exactly. Yeah. It's tough. It's tough. Yeah. It is tough. It's. And I don't know who's even proposing it or or how they plan on implementing it if they do. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> I I'm not sure either. But I think there would have to be a lot more you know information you know disseminated before you say let's do this you know. Yeah. Yeah. I think going to the schools would be the easiest for them. <SEP> Yeah. You know it be. It wouldn't take up much much it would take up more time than anything. But it wouldn't take up a lot of money. Yeah. They wouldn't have to spend money advertising and things like that. <SEP> Yeah. That's right. You go to school. And you have a kind of a captive audience. Get them all in the auditorium. Yeah. And you you give them your speech and maybe a little slide show or something. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I think that they could get some results from that because there are a lot of people who are volunteer and community minded. Right. But they don't know where to go to to to do anything. <SEP> That's right. Yeah. That's a real waste too. It really is. Yeah. It is. It really is. <SEP> I don't really see the emphasis on things like Peace Corps like we you know we saw back I guess in the Carter administration. Right. That was that was a big thing with him. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> And I guess even back to Kennedy as a matter of fact I guess Kennedy may be the one that actually started the thing or was you know really interested in things like that. Uh-huh. I just don't hear much about it anymore. Like I say I don't even know what programs are are even ongoing now you know. I don't either. That's one. <SEP> Anyway it's a tough question. Yeah. It is a tough question. Okay. Well thanks for your time. I enjoyed talking to you. Sure. Same here. <SEP> Okay. Take care. Ta- you too. Bye-bye. Bye.
sw3144.txt:You ready? Yeah. Okay. What have you seen lately? <SEP> Well uh it's funny when I tried to make the call the other days. I thought. <SEP> I hadn't seen anything since DANCES WITH WOLVES. But today I went to see REGARDING WITH HENRY. Oh I'm dying to see that. It was really good. We. Oh. <SEP> Uh Jeff Wariner just got out of the hospital. Uh-huh. And uh Jeff and Deeanna went and another friend in the neighborhood. And uh we all liked it. We had both moms and uh fifteen year olds and a twelve year old. And everyone enjoyed it. Oh my goodness. <SEP> And uh. Oh well I am just dying to see it. I went to dinner with some friends last weekend. And they said get a baby-sitter. And we'll all go see REGARDING HENRY. Yeah. And I said ooh I want to see it so bad. <SEP> Well my son had gotten to see a lot of movies this summer on choir tour and visiting friends and one thing and another. A lot of the ones I had wanted to see. Oh. And so since he had this friend up from Houston uh and his friend had already seen so many and I thought they decided on this and I thought well I want to see this one too. So we uh I. Yeah. <SEP> Finally it's my first summer movie. Oh my. Well let me see. Was it. Well we went to see ONE HUNDRED AND ONE DALMATIANS last weekend. And that may be. No. Right before I went in the hospital my girlfriend said come on. We're going to the movies. And we won't. Well she goes all the time. But I go maybe once every couple of months. Yeah. And when I go I go see two at a time. So we went to see SOAPDISH. And. <SEP> Oh was that good? Cause. Oh hysterical. We laughed so hard. It was just you couldn't hear half the dialogue because everyone in the audience was laughing so hard. <SEP> Yeah. Well I want to see that and CITY SLICKERS both. I love comedies. Yeah. <SEP> But that's what I was. That's the other one that we went to that night. Oh was it? And my face hurt so bad from laughing because I love Billy Crystal. <SEP> Oh. And course growing up on on the back of a horse you know and being on ranches and stuff so much of that was so true. And I was absolutely rolling in the aisles. It was so funny. Both of them were great. <SEP> Oh well good. I'm I'm glad to hear that because they. Oh they are are. We just laughed so hard. And like I said with CITY SLICK- I mean with SOAPDISH it is so cornball. And it is so overacted that you're just hysterical you know. Uh-huh. Just they just carried it off to the tee. <SEP> Well I don't I don't know if you got to see WEEKEND um AT BERNIE'S that was out a couple of years ago. No. <SEP> They had a free showing at the Berkeley um United Artist. How neat. And I don't know who was here or whether Jay called a friend. And we didn't think we'd have much chance of getting in. But we thought we'd try it you know free movie. Shoot. Yeah. <SEP> It was so funny and it sounds like uh what you were just describing SOAPDISH too. I mean we just we hurt by the time we came out. Oh yeah. And the whole theater was hysterical. And it's just it's just goofy. I mean it's uh. If you have a chance to rent it at least. Or it should be out on T V I would think. Yeah. I think it is. I think it is. <SEP> Um cause it's it's just a fun summer light comedy. Make your cheeks hurt laughing. Especially in the theater it was contagious you know. Yeah. I I imagine the way SOAPDISH was but with everyone laughing. Oh gosh. <SEP> I never laughed. And people were just screaming and applauding. And you know it was just hysterical. Well I'm glad you did that before your surgery. Oh me too because I don't even know if I could live through it now. <SEP> Yeah. I mean I'm getting around real good. And I'm just still real sore. Yeah. And today I was I course I went back to work two weeks after uh. <SEP> Oh gosh. But see I don't have permanent work. I right now I'm working with a temporary agency. And so the second week I was out of the hospital I went up and worked half day on the computers cause you can learn all the software for free. Oh. Oh so I went up to do WordPerfect cause that seems like that's what everybody wants. And I was up there half a day and came home and collapsed. <SEP> Yeah. And then they called me to see if I wanted to work a day. And I said yeah. And I went. And of course it took me the whole weekend to recover from that. And uh I worked about three days a week ever since two to three days a week. And so I went to my doctors last Thursday. And this was my fourth week checkup. And he said well gosh you're just healing really well. I just can't get over this. He says in two weeks you can go back to doing your crazy normal things. If you want to play ball you can go play ball. He says now I'm not going to say you're going to feel like playing ball. But you can if you want to. <SEP> Yeah. And uh you know he was teasing me. And he says yeah. You'll be out there waterskiing. I can just see it now. And uh he says so you just take it easy for two more weeks. You've only got two more weeks. I said okay fine I I will I will. Whatever you call easy I'll do it you know. But and I've been out trying to find a job because this is just not cutting it. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And so I don't I'm real glad that we didn't go see those funny ones when I was when I'm still sort of on the sore side. Yeah. But. Well wha- what's your next. Have you seen ROBIN HOOD yet? <SEP> No. That was one uh Jay got to see with a friend. And so I. Uh. And to try and uh try and find time it's hard uh with Jim's schedule too just to get a time that we can both go. Oh yeah. <SEP> And uh I'm holding out for CITY SLICKERS for the two of us because uh we had friends that went to see that and said you know it's just perfect for our age group. Uh-huh. And because I think he he needs a comedy too. Uh and that's what he would have liked to have seen REGARDING HENRY too. But knew that uh. We've we've got a lot of company this summer which is wonderful. We're really enjoying it. But some of the different things we're doing uh there's just not a time enough time to do it all. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he said well realistically You know he knew he couldn't get them all in. Yeah. But uh Jay really liked ROBIN HOOD. Um when the choir group went to see BACKDRAFT and they thought that was uh it was funny cause he sounded like the critics. He said you know the plot line and the characters uh you know aren't real big. But the the fire scenes and the dra- you know that action part is fantastic. Uh-huh. <SEP> But he thought ROBIN HOOD was great. It was real different then you'd expect. But h- but he enjoyed it. Oh really? And so. Well I went. Course I am a Kevin Costner fan. <SEP> Yeah. Me too. And yeah. Supreme. I really uh like him a lot. Which is why DANCES WITH WOLVES was the last movie we had seen for several months. Uh-huh. <SEP> But. Gosh was that wonderful. It was. I uh. In fact uh a friend from Germany was visiting in March. And we wanted we didn't ran out of time we wanted to take him to see it. We were going to sit through it again cause we really wanted him to see it too. Oh yeah. <SEP> Uh I just thought that was terrific. And I really enjoy Harrison Ford which is one of the reasons I wanted to see. I do too. I think he's really good. And he's very good in REGARDING HENRY. That's not an easy part to play I I don't think. I wouldn't think. Well my kids are going to their Dad's tomorrow night. So I sort of think I may go do that. <SEP> Yeah. That's at that one won't your sides. Good. Um it. Was this the first time you got to see ONE HUNDRED AND ONE DALMATIANS? Or. I hav-. My parents took me when I was probably somewhere between Ashley and Jamie's age. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we went to the.
sw2305.txt:Okay um well. The first thing. Uh what do you think you would offer as far as uh information about selecting a school? Well first I think they've got to have a pretty good idea of what they want to what they want to do. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh once they have that then they can start looking in all the various publications that give out all the information about schools and write to the schools themselves and start finding out about the different requirements for the programs and what kind of uh of job assistance and all that other kind of stuff they offer. Yeah uh. Do you do you feel that the first two years that the um. Depending upon the field I know there are some fields which a person should go to the school that school all four years. But I know there are some fields where it's really not necessary. Yeah. A lot fields are. Most of your liberal arts degrees and stuff aren't really concerned with your first two years anyway. It's it's your core education your general requi- general education requirements. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um if you know if they want to get a liberal arts degree I don't I don't know what advice I'd give them. Go to the school you'd like to go to. Yeah. That's what I did. Yeah. <SEP> I didn't care about the program or anything else. I went where I wanted to go. Yeah. What was your degree in? Uh political science. Political science oh. Okay. Well I kn- I know I'm going to school right now. And uh I have a friend. <SEP> Where are you at? Uh U T D. University of Texas Dallas. Well yeah. I guess everybody's in Dallas that I talk to. I'm in North Carolina. I know. <SEP> That's where Texas Instruments is. Yeah. Right. Um something that I I think that I've noticed that. I I have a friend. I think if you're going into like uh law or medicine a very particular very specific field even even engineering you can get you can meet a lot of the requirements at a public um institution. <SEP> Sure. And uh it's a lot cheaper. Oh yeah. My parents my parents made a mistake in uh in sending my sister to a private institution for the first two years. <SEP> Um. And she found out after that. She said you know my parents they just they really wasted a lot of money. This is about twenty years ago. Uh-huh. But uh well right now I just. I mean as far as selecting selecting a school I I I feel that uh a lot of it depends upon the major. <SEP> Yeah. It does. Um. I didn't know what I wanted to do after I got my my degree. Uh-huh. Um originally I had planned uh undergrad degree in political science and then a master's in public administration. And I went ahead and pursued that. I I got as far as the thesis and decided To hell with it. I didn't want it. Um and from that point I went to law school. Uh-huh. <SEP> And after a year and a half of that I decided I didn't want that either. Okay. Haven't figured out what I want to be when I grow up. Yeah. <SEP> And so but I I I really did enjoy the law. I mean that's that's where I wanted to be. But I didn't want to go through the uh the hassle that the law schools put you through because I never did want to be a practicing attorney. I just wanted a law degree. Uh-huh. And I've since discovered that I would be far better off being in the paralegal field. Because that's the nuts and bolts of the law and that's what I like. Yeah. <SEP> And you don't have to put up with all the B S that the lawyers have to. Right. So that's that's what I'm pursuing right now. Um. <SEP> And I'm pretty happy with it so far. Yeah. Yeah. I'm I'm pursuing what they what's what's called an interdisciplinary field. I'm a speech therapy major. Uh-huh. And fortunately I have a lot of I have a good medical background. <SEP> Yeah. And. That's probably very useful. Yeah. It's it's actually turning out to be more more useful than what I thought. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um I also have a good languages background linguistics. And some psychology. Uh-huh. So it's all working together. <SEP> Yeah. The only field I'm not familiar with really is education which is required requires about four or five different fields really. Oh good grief. So it's a. <SEP> Yeah. I thought at one time I wanted to be a teacher. But I I quickly dispelled that idea when I became a substitute teacher for a while just to get my feet wet. Uh-huh. I said uh I couldn't do this everyday. <SEP> No way. Well. Maybe maybe being a tenured professor would be one thing but being a public school teacher is entirely another thing. Oh so you are a disgruntled graduate student. <SEP> I am a dis- I am I am just a disgruntled person all around. Oh. I'm the uh I'm the uh original uh Mister Scrooge I guess. Yeah. Bah humbug. <SEP> Yeah. Bah humbug. Yeah. I just. I I I think. Yeah. There is. I I I think uh law would be a fine field a fine profession fine field to go into. Um I know one time I was in a political science class. And you know talking about fields people going into different fields I made an off off the cuff remark about lawyers about their integrity being questionable. And I mean oh that was like a can of worms. <SEP> Probably you probably got everybody on you because they were probably all going to law school. No. There was a woman. She said My my best friends are lawyers and you know all this. And it was just. Well that remark in itself is a slam. My best friends are lawyers. Yeah. I know. <SEP> You know like like uh my best friends are blacks. Or Jewish. It used to be Jewish you know. Jewish. Now blacks. Yeah. <SEP> And I guess I I guess Iraqi now is the. I know. It's. But. Law law was a lot of fun until you get to law school. Yeah. <SEP> And it doesn't become fun anymore. Yeah. I have a I have a friend. She's studying she's going into law. Another friend going into law. And she's. I I I'm really I'm really concerned about you know. She's just going to be you know. What's going to happen when she gets there. Yeah. You going. You know all of her dreams will be dispelled. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. If if if you've ever seen the program PAPER CHASE it's very much like that except worse. Yeah. Yeah. It's I I think it's probably more embarrassing and very painful. <SEP> It is. I see I see that happening. Yeah. Very much so. <SEP> Yeah. It's it's a lot of that. Um. Yeah. It it was enjoyable for a while um. But it's such a grind. Yeah. <SEP> And you begin to wonder you know. If if I'm not I mean. You really have to be dead set on being a lawyer to do it. Uh-huh. If you have any doubts whatsoever you better not get into it. Uh-huh. <SEP> I mean I wasted a year and a half of awfully hard. And I aged ten years. Uh-huh. But I I I wouldn't trade the experience for anything in the world. It never hurts to have some kind of a grounding in law. Yeah. I went to a language school. And and that was a it was a an un- I guess uh United States institution. I was military at the time. And I I think probably the biggest. <SEP> What branch were you in? Huh? What branch were you in? I was in the Air Force? <SEP> I was too. Yeah. Yeah. For myself I mean I think that military experience was fine. It was just I just wish that there was something else that that that I could have done you know with. Well I got I got tired of the service after a while I mean. It. I had a terrific job really enjoyed it. Yeah. What what was your job? <SEP> Uh command post. Uh I was I was a linguist. I was just wondering were you in SAC by any chance? Um. <SEP> Were you in SAC? In Tak? SAC. Uh no. I wasn't. <SEP> Oh okay. I I thought maybe you might have had some experience with the uh R C one thirty-fives. No. No. I didn't I didn't go flight crew. Matter of fact I didn't make it completely through that through that field. I was in intelligence school and about three weeks short. Oh. I didn't make it. I sort of washed out. <SEP> Well. Well. Yeah. After about eighteen months of talking about the year and a half training you know it's it's something you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. I think that's why you know children really need to think about the field they're going to going into and I mean spend a lot of serious reading before they I mean not just thinking about. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. They actually should do some reading. That's right. And it And if it's possible even get some experience at it or at least watch some people do it. And they should study it. <SEP> Yeah. I I I I think I think there's a lot to be said for kids working after school. <SEP> Uh-huh. Sure. I mean they they find out whether just how much of a people person they are. That's true. I found that out when I was in high school. I worked at McDonald's. Oh and I tell you what. I worked at McDonald's as well. And I I can tell you one thing. There are just some people that I you know. You just came to the point where I mean. And oh I eventually worked in a lab in a la- as a lab technician. And I worked front desk. And I mean somebody could walk in the door. And I knew exactly what they were going to do and say. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I was the same way too. I'm not a people person. I I I hate um having to play such a nice guy. You know especially when it's all phony. Especially when you got some uh jerk coming in. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I. It's just not for me. I'm uh I deal much better in research and books and stuff like that which is why I'm going to enjoy the paralegal field a lot. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. That's good. I was just wondering um getting back to the school thing so I I almost wish that there was something.
sw3051.txt:There you go. First question. Do you own your house? Uh right. Well we try. I mean it's a big mortgage in the sky. And someday maybe we might even own it. But um for all practical purposes I guess we hold the mortgage. Our name is on the till. <SEP> Yeah. Right. So that implies ownership. No one else has offered to pay for it. That's right. I would not object if anybody did. <SEP> Yeah. Really they could move right into the spare room. Yeah. Well we have we have had this one for five years now. Before that we lived in Garland uh probably about you know four blocks away. Uh-huh. Liked the area chose to stay inside of Spring Park. It's a uh. I don't know if you have been up here. But it is a residential homeowners association. <SEP> Right. Yeah. So there's a lot of you know activities a lot of pluses and common land. But uh we thought we were buying at the bottom of the market you know. It could not possibly have gone any lower. And so we were wrong. Oh five years ago. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I think. What. It bottom out about a ye- year later. Yeah. It well. I mean just recently I would say I would give it two years back when it was I think bottomed out. Oddly enough two years you know. I uh I think that. <SEP> But maybe not in your area. See it was just different areas. Not in in uh this area. Cause this is about like the. That's a really nice area. Yeah. <SEP> Besides it's you know it's not it's not Richardson. Is it? It's still considered Garland. No. It's it's Richardson. Oh ok. Yeah. It's Richardson. And hold on a second. Paul I can hear you perfectly perfectly well. I don't want to hear you. You are being rude. Whatever you ask or scream when I'm on the phone the answer is no. Do you understand? How does that sound? <SEP> There you go. Write that one down. Yeah. There I go. It sounded good to me. Yeah. Well I hate to say how long that will last too. No. This area up here is uh all custom homes. And it's. <SEP> Right. I don't think that many by the builder that built this house. And we were not the first people the first owners. I think we are the third owners. Uh okay. It was built by the architect for himself who never moved into it. Who sold it to a couple who had no idea that homes ever needed upkeep. <SEP> Oh no. Oh yeah. Caulking windows was a great mystery to them. Oh gee. So they just watched the water pour in on the carpet. But it's a Sharif Myneer Homes if that means anything. It did not really mean anything to me except I liked it. <SEP> I I kept thinking of Omar Sharif every time I saw that name somewhere. So. He builds eight hundred thousand dollar houses now. I think he got out of the lower end market. And decided. <SEP> Uh. But the houses here in in this class of housing never dropped below two hundred. Oh wow. Yeah. Well but still I know that this one was built for two ninety nine which is nowhere near what we paid for it. <SEP> Right. And I think somebody told me it's also on a creek side lot heavily wooded off the golf course. Oh great. Yeah. And the guy around the corner is being transferred. So he said uh well he did comparables that it's about eighty dollars. Let's see what. I don't remember if he said it was sixty dollars a square foot off the creek and eighty on the creek or if it was eighty and a hundred. <SEP> Well Yeah. <SEP> Probably eighty. I think it was sixty eighty. Sixty eighty. I think. <SEP> Well because I know our our little house over here stuck in the middle of you know the subdivision is I think fifty five. So I think the high end is definitely you know somewhere there. Well try and think if it was a hundred dollars a square foot. No. It could not be. Because this house has around thirty four hundred square feet. And it would never sell for three hundred forty thousand dollars. Yeah. Just never. <SEP> Well. Now maybe you know that's pretty close to what it would have sold for uh brand new. Or that's pretty much what it was built for. It's got an awful lot of nice things in it. But you know I don't think I think it's going to be a long time if ever when nice things and really quality construction and all the other additional amenities are really uh desirable. It's seems like people go for square footage only now. Yeah. And uh cause. Have you been back to the Perry Homes back here? <SEP> Um the ones that look like brick houses? The one that looks like Monopoly apartments. Right. Yeah. I think those are awful. I'm sorry. I just don't see the designer's. I just see him as trying to squish as much space you know as much house into the space as possible. They are huge when you are inside them. <SEP> Yeah. They are very spacious. They are you know. I was I was in one today. It was forty two hundred square feet. Uh. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well see that's. The house that we got is small enough so my husband and I. Because there's just the two of us. And the two cats um can yell at each other from one end to the other and be heard. And we thought that was important instead of getting swallowed up in something that you know. See when you have kids you like to be able to send them some place where they can yell and you won't hear them. Yeah. That's true. But I have been watching these houses go up. And I I don't well. Somebody was telling me. I know somebody who lives back there. I have always questioned the quality of construction. And I I don't think they exceed more than twelve nails per house. <SEP> Oh. When you watch them go up you are just amazed that they do not fall over. Yeah. And it takes them something like thirty days to complete a house. <SEP> Oh that's amazing. Right now in fact even as we speak we are having a deck put on in back. And these guys are phenomenal. They just they they are doing such a terrific job back there. I mean you know you pay for it too. But it's it's like really worth it. They are putting in a deck a redwood deck. Uh-huh. And it's just they are doing such a fine fine job. We have got three different levels of decking because this lot slopes way back down. <SEP> I'm really excited about it. Uh-huh. And uh the house is built around the trees. <SEP> Great. And with these decking that a corporation and a large area for the trees to come up. So it's real real shady. But that's one of the few things that really uh immediately pays back on return. But what I was going to tell you these Perry Homes back there. Yeah. When the people from M C I come down. And they are you know they are used to the Virginia area metropolitan D C. <SEP> Uh. My God they come down here and those houses that that look the colonial look what the. Looks like the George Town brownstone. Right. <SEP> Yeah. And uh the idea of ever owning anything that has four thousand square feet in it for less than two hundred twenty thousand dollars which is probably about what their equity is that they got out of selling their house. Must be a dream. <SEP> Yeah. Because those things are selling like hot cakes. But one of the people that was living back there was telling me that there is his air conditioning bill per month last summer was in excess of five hundred dollars a month. Oh. And I thought. <SEP> I can't. And he was talking about how you keep up with the utilities here. And I was thinking well you know I know why your God damn bill is so high. He has no insulation probably. It's because there's not a there's no insulation insulation in those things. <SEP> Oh my. Yeah. Gosh. What a trap. Huh. Any yet you know. They they show very well un- they show very well unless you have you know lived in a lot of houses around the area or looked at a lot of houses around here. <SEP> And you ask the right questions and can research. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that makes a big difference. But I like I like this area. And everything that I have been saying says that it's. <SEP> Oh I do too. I think if we had to sell now we could come close to breaking even. But still um it's worth it for the area and for the school and things like that. You're in you're in the.
sw3202.txt:How would you go about organizing a family reunion? Well a-. For. I grew up in the deep south like south Alabama. So whenever I think of family reunions. My family like got together almost every week. Oh gee. <SEP> And there would be like thirty people. So people talk about you know big family reunions. And I think like. I have a friend who just went to like Wyoming to some big ranch you know where like there were four hundred people for their family reunion. Oh my. And I. So I mean how I would go about doing it is I would just call all my relatives. Uh-huh. <SEP> Because I since I came from. My father has uh five sisters and two brothers. And my mother has four brothers and two sisters. So I ca-. Both of my parents had big families. And we always wer- we always got together just always. Now it's different because I live here. And I. You know when I go home I try to see the families as much of the family as I can. But it's real different. Yes. And I grew up in a real not I think not normal setting. With all of you living so close together. <SEP> Right. I mean Sunday dinner was at my grandmother's. And you know like I said there would be thirty you know thirty people. And everyone would just bring things. And my grandmother would cook and cook and cook. Oh. And i-. Well I come from a very small family. And we planned a family reunion this spring. Uh where we are from Texas. And my family is from Ohio. And we met in Florida. <SEP> Uh-huh. So the seven of us went on a cruise and then went to Disney together. So that's all the family. So planning our family reunio- reunion was very easy you know. Yeah. I guess so. It really sounds like it was fun. Yeah. Well we had a wonderful tim-.
sw3342.txt:Not be a very good conversationalist on fishing. I don't do a lot of it. Well I do love to fish. Well good. Maybe I can learn something. <SEP> Well I don't know how much you can learn. I'm not so sure I'm good at it. But I do enjoy doing it. Do you? <SEP> Yeah. Well it is fun what little I do. Of course I don't you know. I think when they refer to different kinds of fishing. I told my husband last night when I had called and they had told me that this was a topic I said well I can tell them how to fish with a minnow or how to fish with a worm. He said I don't think that's the different kinds of fishing they're talking about. Well I hope it is. <SEP> There's not a whole lot of different kinds. That's about the only kind I know how to do. I don't do a lot of deep sea fishing. I because I get seasick. But we have a lot of lakes here in this area. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I do a lot of fishing for uh bass. We have a lot of uh uh couple of lakes in our area that are fil- just filled with good sized bass. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then when I get tired of them outwitting me I fish for catfish. Uh-huh. And we use worms and shiners which is pretty much like minnows a little bit bigger than minnows. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then I also use spinner baits and plastic worms. Uh-huh. It all depends on what I'm fishing for and the time of day. Well it sounds like you do quite a bit of it. <SEP> I do. Uh there's a lake like maybe two or three miles from here. And it's very convenient on afternoons when I want to just get away and sit and think. Uh-huh. Fishing's a good way to do that. And I have a lot of friends who like to go fishing. Do you have a boat? <SEP> No. I don't. I have a friend who has a little infla- inflatable raft. And we use that sometimes. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I wish I had a boat. But I don't. I think the lakes are probably different in Michigan than they are in Texas. The ones around here are so big that you can fish off the dock. Uh-huh. But unless you have a boat you can't really get into the where they call the good fishing holes you know. <SEP> Right. That's the same way here isn't it? Is it? You have to get back in the sticks in the. Uh-huh. My in-laws live on a lake uh a little bit east of Dallas kind of in the Piney Woods. And the lake is beautiful. And I like to go out and stand at the end of the dock and fish. But actually catching fish to eat per se you don't really do much of that right there. I catch a lot of little old uh I think they call them perch. <SEP> Right. And then the the uh turtles try to eat up all my bait. Oh. So it's it's so close to the dock that I think all I do is feed them a little bit. <SEP> We don't have We don't have a big problem with turtles. But it's kind of fun. But we do have a awful lot of snakes in our lakes. Um I would be afraid of that. <SEP> And I Well I can't think of a time that I've been fishing that I haven't run into one or two of them. Do they ever get on your hook? <SEP> No. We uh. Occasionally I'll catch an eel on a on a hook but never the snakes. Uh-huh. They just kind of. Are they poisonous snakes? <SEP> Uh we have a lot of cotton mouth. So yes. They are definitely. Uh-huh. And they live in little shallow little coves that I like to fish in. So I seem them swimming by every once in a while. Yeah. I think I'd be a little bit afraid of those. <SEP> Yeah. They can they're they're certainly ugly. Uh-huh. We uh saw a large snake right off the dock there at my in-laws' place last year. It was probably four inches in diameter or something like that you know. Great big snake. And it of course it scared the women to death you know. But the men come out and said oh well that's only a a king snake it won't really hurt you you know. But it looked so bad. Yeah. And it was so big that it might not would have hurt us. But we sure felt like it was hurting us just being there you know. <SEP> Definitely. But they're scary looking. Do you have bass? Yes uh. I think that uh probably around here people fish for bass and crappie and catfish more than anything else. <SEP> Right. Well that's pretty much the same way here. Uh-huh. I. Now they have a lot of bass tournaments. <SEP> Well we have those. I don't. Uh-huh. I inevitably if I enter one of those I never catch a thing. Oh no. <SEP> I just go out there and sit and watch other people do it. Uh-huh. Well that's kind of. We've never entered a tournament or anything. We're not that big into fishing. But I see a lot of people. You know early in the morning there'll be all the boats going out. And they'll say Well there's a big bass tournament this weekend. And all those people are here for the tournament you know. Oh yes. So I think there's a lot of people that have you know really I guess that you'd call it really sport fishing. They're really into it to try to win. <SEP> Yeah. Oh definitely. My. Certainly here they are. But it is it's very a very relaxing sport to be able to just be out on the water and looking around. The peace and calmness is really relaxing. <SEP> Yeah. It's a good thing to take a nice book and sit back and read and fish. Uh-huh. That's what I do a lot. I've never tried taking a book with me. I'll have to try that one of these days.
sw3574.txt:Up up there maybe maybe you guys don't have as uh big a problem with air pollution as many do you? We we we have a terrible air pollution problem. Do you really? <SEP> Our summers are extremely uh hazardous. Uh-huh. And during uh certain wind directions because we get the uh Gary Indiana Chicago pollution. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we can look out on the lake and just see the brown haze uh coming up along the lake. That's horrible. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they do post uh uh warnings for people who have uh heart diseases or respiratory problems during that summer season. Uh-huh. <SEP> In the winter it's not as severe. Right. But uh if the wind comes basically from the south it can be really bad. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh the State of Wisconsin as a matter of fact uh started some litigation against Illinois because of the air pollution we were getting. Uh-huh. Uh I don't think it's going to go very far. But it it was uh a way of uh triggering uh awareness. Right. Right. <SEP> So what's the conditions like in Dallas? Well uh in Dallas I I haven't seen air pollution quite on a quite on a level that we had in Denver. I grew up in Denver. And and I've lived there most of my life. And we used to have those uh you know the posted warning days. Uh however in Colorado now they have the emissions control law which has really cut down. Probably only once every couple of years do we ever have pollution so bad that they have to po- post warnings now you know as far as health concerns. Um. Uh due to that emi- the the emissions uh uh control on the vehicles seems that all of our all of our uh smog was caused by vehicles rather than industry. <SEP> Wisconsin has a a law in which we need to take our cars in every year when we apply for a new license tag and they are tested for uh their pollution control equipment. Uh-huh. And if they don't qualify then they have to take it to a mechanic and have it gone over and then verify that it it is drivable. Um. <SEP> So they've they've tried to do a lot of that. Uh-huh. And I thi-. You know there seem to be at least in certain little pockets. And we were talking earlier about Madison. Uh-huh. <SEP> Madison has one of the nicest uh bike uh road uh sharing programs of of any city in Wisconsin. Oh really. And all Wisconsin has probably the most extensive number of uh bike trails for recreational use of any of the states. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And there is a a real promotion of of biking. Uh-huh. <SEP> But um there are still a lot of people who insist on on driving their own automobiles uh to go everywhere. Right. I find that a little irritating because I don't think it's always so necessary. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It it becomes uh. Maybe to you and I who have grown up in some in uh uh some more beautiful parts of the country uh I think that that uh we become a little more aware uh rather quickly of of what's happening with air pollution and how uh how horrible it really is. Um I I notice people in in Dallas seem to say Well sure there's air pollution but you know really how bad is how bad could this problem really be. Send send them to Wisconsin. <SEP> And we'll let them try to drink out of some of the lakes and try to fish in some of the lakes that have been suffering from uh the uh acid rain. Oh really. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they'll they'll they may wake up you know. Uh-huh. How'd you like to own a piece of property where your lake is going sour because of acid rain. Right. <SEP> Right. It's uh really a serious issue for those of us up in this uh sector up up here. Do you find that um or or do you hypothesize that that most of the uh smog or or air pollution comes from vehicles. Or does it come mostly from industry up there? <SEP> I think it's mostly vehicles although it does come from some of the industry of of the Gary area. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I don't know exactly where it emerges from when it it's up in the uh northern sectors of Wisconsin. Uh-huh. That causes the acid rain. That I'm a little uncertain of. But I do know that uh it is a problem. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I had talked with my parents. I I grew up uh I was born in uh Muncie Indiana and and grew up a little bit in Terre Haute. And I had asked them before uh. I went back to visit recently about a year ago. And I asked them. I said did you ever realize the air pollution that was.
sw2800.txt:I don't. Guess we got our first uh credit card oh back in the seventies early seventies when I first got married. Uh-huh. Was a Visa card. Uh issued out of a Liberty Bank in Oklahoma City. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because my sister worked at the uh the Visa some Bank Americard center there. Uh-huh. So we were still in college. And had she not worked there I'm not sure that I would have qualified. <SEP> They've come in handy over the years. Yeah. Uh and they have become or also a a real bother sometimes. <SEP> Oh tell me about it. Especially you know if you catch yourself short on cash or if you're on vacation it's just easier to put everything on a card. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh I find if you're not careful you wind up uh a month or so staring those bills in the face. And you go I don't remember doing all that stuff. And it adds up. Yeah. They add up quick. So sometimes uh especially traveling with T I you know everything goes on American Express. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And it makes it a whole lot easier for bookkeeping. <SEP> Yeah. But uh as far as personal life goes I guess I really try to use them as little as possible uh. I kind of like having them for uh gasoline purchases. <SEP> Yeah. We like to keep one on hand just for emergencies you know. But. Yeah. But other than that uh I I guess over the years tried to avoid the national credit card syndrome of just putting everything on there day after day after day. Uh-huh. And then then you really get socked to it if you don't watch it. <SEP> Yeah. How how do you look at counting credit cards? We just uh quit using them. Well that's. <SEP> And they got us in trouble. We took a loan and paid them all off. We keep them uh we keep uh one gas card and uh and uh Visa just you know in case there's an emergency or something. Right. But other than that we don't use them anymore. Well that's kind of the way we were doing. It's uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I guess for that very reason that that uh if you're not real conscious of what you're doing it's just too much by the time you get. Uh-huh. Well if you got a bunch of cards you get a bunch of bills every month. <SEP> Uh-huh. And for some strange reason those people think they need to get paid. I know. Isn't that funny? Yeah. <SEP> And I give them. Maybe not maybe they're not really concerned about getting paid. Because they're. Know if you don't then they're adding on what eighteen nineteen twenty percent. Sometimes it's twenty-two percent interest. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And then some of them add late fees on it if they don't get paid. Yeah. <SEP> And. I guess that's one of the motivations behind the the uh the uh American Express card with T I. Uh-huh. <SEP> Huh. There's no. Huh? With the American Express card from T I there's no um late fee. <SEP> Uh-huh. There's no uh interest rate. Oh really? You ei- you either pay the thing off. Or they come get it. <SEP> And it's turned into personnel. And they come get you. So they've got quite a bit more motivation I think to get paid then some of the others do. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. But that's the one that your call center manager sees every month. <SEP> Uh-huh. So you're a little bit more careful about what you put on that even though you can use it however you want to. <SEP> Can you use that one for personal use? Oh yeah. Oh you can? You can use it like any other card. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh but it you know you kind of you know that somebody every month. Oh I see huh. And who knows how many people are looking at those uh bills that come in and those statements. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You're not the only one. <SEP> Yeah. So yo- uh you want to make sure that uh is that okay. Is that o- okay that those people see what it is that you are buying. Yeah. And most of the time it is. <SEP> But most of the others I've sent back I mean all you get is card offers. I've got three card offers now uh from gas companies and uh Visa Gold and uh some other bank uh. Uh-huh. Citibank I think is always sending the Visa stuff out. And I usually just throw them away because I I don't want another one. <SEP> Oh I do too. I don't even open them much. I throw them out. I don't want to have to mess with it. You know you carry around a wallet full of credit cards. Uh-huh. And uh one of these days it's going to all be full. <SEP> A girlfriend of mine found a. It was a Visa or MasterCard. She found an ad for one in like a GOOD HOU- HOUSEKEEPING magazine for eleven percent. Oh that's not bad. Shoot I need one of those. Yeah. No. If they don't say no annual membership on them I'll throw them away. Um years ago well th- I had my Visa card through this bank in Oklahoma City for oh probably fifteen years. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then they started charging uh annual membership fees. And I said adios I'm you know I'm not paying you. Why do they do that? It's just another way to make money as far as I can tell. <SEP> I mean I mean they get enough you know on the interest. I mean they've been. Well sure. And they I guess they figure they've got enough people out there with cards. They're going to get cards at the twenty bucks a pop. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. There's going to be that much more. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh so then a couple years ago I found uh a bank here in Plano that if you kept a minimum balance in any kind of account whether it was a savings account or what it was you can get a Visa card through them and no annual membership. Uh-huh. So I went over and just stuck three hundred dollars in my son's savings account in his name and got my Visa card. So as long as they have no annual membership fee I it would be okay. <SEP> Uh-huh. Huh. But I can't see paying someone to use their card. <SEP> No. I can't either. Be charged their eighteen percent interest. So. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're right. The best philosophy is have them if you need them but otherwise leave them tucked away somewhere. <SEP> Yeah. Really. Yeah. Gets a lot of people in in trouble. Yeah. It sure does. Maybe they're counting on that. I don't know. Well I guess that's it. <SEP> Okay. Thanks for talking. Nice talking to you. Bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.
sw2079.txt:Okay. I'll let you start first okay? Okay. We um I'm presently living in a house uh. First time uh. We had the house built. And so this is our our fifth year in it I guess. And uh um it was a real excitement to uh to go out and select the house and have one made and built. And like you wanted it we were the fourth to build out of three hundred and forty houses. And um as we did with probably ninety-five percent of the people here in Dallas-Fort Worth we bought a Fox and Jacobs home. And they're good for about five years or four years. And after that they start falling apart. So I would uh not recommend F and J house for my dog to live in uh because they're overpriced uh. But they're a cheap house. If you can't afford something good you know. They're good for that. And um you can call it a home because it's a place to go home and keep the rain off your head. But as far as the costs for what you're getting uh the longevity of the house is not uh is not worth it. How about in your case? Well in my case my husband is not a carpenter. But in fact he's in electronics. But he knew the only way we'd ever have a new home is if he would build it. So it took him about two and a half years. But uh he built us a house. It's uh. We have thirty-two hundred square feet. And it's a brick house. And price-wise it was great because he did it all himself you know. So that way he could we could kind of control in control it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh we live in kind of a small town. Uh-huh. And I mean it's nothing fancy you know. It's it's a house. It's nice. And it's real pretty. And we're all comfortable in it. <SEP> Well that's great. That's great. That's uh. I've heard. I have another gentleman friend of mine who uh who had a house built. As a matter of fact another guy is building one now. He's been doing it for three years. And the city's a little upset with him. But I understand you save a lot of money off uh by doing that. And uh. Oh you can because that way you're not having to pay the middle men and everybody else. Nothing wrong with that. You know. <SEP> Uh I'll vouch for that. Um. But uh of course my husband did everything except. My brother's a trim carpenter. And he came in you know and did the inside for us. And that helped. That was a big savings. And uh. Yes. And uh we had to hire of course the plumbing and the brick and everything else nothing you know. He did everything else. We've been in it six years. <SEP> Well that's great. W- uh have you been in it long? Oh really. Well have you any plans to uh maybe uh expand or move onward? N- no. We're. Well uh our kids are kind of still small now. And we had thought before maybe a lot older we don't need such a large house that we'll sell it. But he will not build a second one himself. Because he says age-wise he'll never be able to handle that again. <SEP> I see. Well. First one is always a bear. Yes. Yes. <SEP> We're having a an architect friend of mine design a house for us. And that can basically be be put on any lot in any state any kin- you know. So that's kind of we just got with him and told him what all we wanted. Oh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he's charging us about a buck a square foot to design it. And he's re- certified and registered. So at least we know we're it's not going to fall in or something if it's built. Yeah. Oh. But uh I have heard that your approach is is right. You can actually go out and sub it if even if you don't want to get hands on. Uh-huh. <SEP> You can even just sub it out to concrete and those kind of things. And and that's kind of the plan I have. So I'm uh. Yeah. Everyone I talk to uh I file in my little book and do other things with it. That's great. That's great. But uh like I said otherwise you know a- the expense. But you know we could not have one as large as we have if you know we hadn't did it ourselves. <SEP> Sure. I can imagine. Yeah. I mean it's not an Eldorado house or anything like that. But you know it's ours. If you're happy with it that's all that counts. That's right. That's right. <SEP> That's all. On- you only have to uh satisfy yourself and no one else. Ap- apparently the appraisers likes it because our taxes sure is high. Oh that's uh that's uh an encouraging sign if you ever want to resell I guess. Isn't it? It really is. Because I I'm always shocked at about you know what they have it appraised at. I think oh my goodness. <SEP> Well that's great. Well yeah. I guess that about does it. Okay. And it was nice talking to you. Nice talking with you too. Okay. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw3294.txt:Well let's see. So what So what gets you? As far as I'm. <SEP> Well the thing I think that annoys me the most is I have I have young children a baby in the house. And and inevitably as soon as they're asleep someone calls on the phone trying to sell me something. Uh-huh. And I think that that is probably the most aggravating. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh you know it invades my time. I'm the one that pays for the phone. Uh if I want to buy something I'll take the initiative and and go find it you know. And that just really does aggravate me. Uh what do you think? Well I mean I. That's exactly the kind of thing I would have said. Although in my case it's my wife and I both work. We come home. And just as we're preparing dinner or eating dinner the phone rings. <SEP> And it's one solicitation call after another. And you know. Your time is is valuable. Yeah. It's it's like you say very annoying. And. <SEP> And uh why why do we let this happen. Oh I. That's that's interesting. I. The the market seems to just be growing too. I I guess enough people are not speaking out. I'm not speaking out that's for sure. I just get aggravated about it. And. Would would you. I mean if you could legislate something what would you legislate? I really don't know. I'm I'm not into uh heavy government legislate- legislating of a lot of different areas. But I I don't know. I just I do particularly find it annoying. Uh I'm really not sure. I haven't given that a lot of thought if if it should should go you know to be. <SEP> Yeah. It it seems it seems to me that we should have the ability to designate with the phone company that we don't want to receive calls like that. Well that yeah that might. <SEP> And the people making these calls would be obliged to c- compare the their lists that they're going to call against this list of people who don't want to be called. Identify themselves yeah. Right. <SEP> Well that would be a good an interesting way. Uh. Yeah. <SEP> And that that way those who want it can have it. And those who don't want it don't have to have it. Right. Sort of like an unlisted number where you haven't gone to the trouble of enlisting yourself. Right. You're. <SEP> Except even unlisted numbers aren't safe now because they have these things just sort of dial through all the numbers. Uh automatically. Oh is that right? Oh that's interesting. And. And they just get everybody. <SEP> Right. Oh boy. Well I I do wish that it would stop on my end because it it seems to happen at the worst possible moments. Yeah. And I I guess the next one is is door-to-door solicitors. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't mind the children when they're selling things for school. I have kids. And you know that's just kind of part of it. Yeah. But when it's adults selling a variety of things and especially when men arrive at about ten o'clock in the morning uh that really it makes you not feel particularly safe. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yes. And it's annoying as well. <SEP> And these and these people may in fact be just looking to s- find an unoccupied house to rob. Right. You just you really don't know. So I I find myself being a l- a bit abrupt and a little bit ruder than than I might normally be. Uh-huh. But I do feel like it's a an invasion of my space. <SEP> Yeah. And uh. What about these telephone callers. Sometimes they're door-to-door but usually they're telephone callers who who want you to basically help them fill out a questionnaire. I've never quite understood the purpose of that. Yeah. I uh. <SEP> Well I think these people were hired by from from different sources. Just be-. Uh with you know. And so therefore there's no one answer. But but yeah. Sometimes it's a market sur- basically it's a market survey. Just a survey. <SEP> But they never say who who they're really working for or what you know what what what questions are you know. Yeah. There have been a couple of times when the the uh whatever the subject was I guess caught my interest and I went along with it. And then there have been several times when I just said well I just really don't have the time you know to deal with it at that moment. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. But uh I don't get too many of those. <SEP> Yeah. I've had just a few. Yeah. Uh generally someone's trying to sell me something. Or. <SEP> Right. Well and sometimes that's this is just the lead in to a sales pitch too. Right. Right. Other times it's you know wasting your time to collect the data they want for their marketing purpose. <SEP> Right. For which if they would just pay me enough money I would be willing to consider. Yeah. <SEP> That's right. But but a dollar isn't it. You know it's. Oh. <SEP> Uh and I also sort of worry that you know that sometimes people giveaway personal information. Uh when when the call comes and and they uh you know sort of seductive to you know. Somebody is asking me my opinion on all of these things. And so I start answering. And then you you know you go down a path. Right. Uh and you don't know where it's going to end. Yeah. <SEP> Uh In fact you don't even know what you've eventually you know the totality of what you've revealed. Well we. And you know This isn't you know prob- most likely not to going to be used against you. That's true. <SEP> But it could. And And that seems to be something that should should really be outlawed. Because it's subject to abuse. Yeah. You just never know I guess. That. Yeah. I I. <SEP> And it. Asking for information is is. I can't really see that. I think they ought to if if nothing else they ought to spend money for a postage stamp. And you know when it arrives at your house oh I.
sw2910.txt:I think I get most of my news uh in headlines from the radio. And then I follow-up by reading the newspaper and news magazines about things that attract my attention. Well I I do about the same I guess but in a different fashion. I I I'm from New York originally. And now that I live in Florida. I live in the Florida in the winter and then go back up north in the in the summertime. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I I feel that the the only legitimate paper although it might sound a little elitist is the NEW YORK TIMES. I've always read the NEW YORK TIMES when I was younger. And I try t-. Now that it has a national edition I read that. I also read uh I I I guess I do watch uh MCNEIL LEHRER on P B S because I I lean to that coverage. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and I guess I'm. I like them. But they take so long. I don't always have time. Yeah. <SEP> Well there. It's a whole hour show. Actually it's an hour show each evening. And and we we turn it on when we start dinner. We seem to start dinner around six and finish it up. Uh-huh. I find that I'm leaning on uh. I travel a great deal uh even overseas. And I find that I lean on uh C N N quite a bit for concise and quick stuff. And I'm I I'm quite satisfied with the way they put it out. I mean I I don't believe everything they say. But it's it's coverage you know. Yeah. I think C N N does a pretty good job. I had not watched them very much except when I was abroad until the Gulf War. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And they seemed to have the best coverage. They had more information sooner than most of the other networks. <SEP> Uh. Well yeah. I I I uh. Peter Arnet was reporting direct from uh Iraq. I think this is scandalous the way everybody's picking on him. Yeah. <SEP> I I think that what he he reported what he saw. Yeah. And if you didn't like it that was just too bad you know. Well uh I know that the coverage he was allowed to present was slanted. But I think they said that frequently enough. That uh you shouldn't criticize the man for giving us one perspective. <SEP> Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean uh. No. Uh. <SEP> That that's right I think so. And and I guess when it comes to um to magazines I don't read. I used to when I was younger. I subscribed to TIME and U S NEWS AND WORLD REPORT. I I have seemed to slide away from that and rely more on the local paper. Or I I I also subscribe to something called WORLD PRESS which is a magazine that only talks about other ex- excerpts from the WORLD PRESS. Uh-huh. Which sort of gives you a different slant than. It's not as slanted as the NEW YORK TIMES or as biased perhaps as the local paper. Yeah. <SEP> But uh that I guess and the radio. Uh I listen to P B S radio a lot. And I also listen to uh these twenty-four hour news stations when I'm driving. I. Yeah. We have a C B S twenty-four hour station that I listen to on the way to and from work. Yeah. And. <SEP> Do you read. Are you from Southern or Northern California? Northern. I'm from uh the peninsula. So well. <SEP> Yeah. Is that what is that. Palo Alto. The San Francisco paper out there is uh the major paper? Well. <SEP> It's horrible. Yeah. And that's a terrible paper. The San Francisco paper is just wretched. <SEP> So I subscribe to the SAN JOSE MERCURY NEWS. Is that pretty good? Palo Alto is about midway between. Well it's a whole lot better than that San Francisco paper. And. <SEP> Oh the what is that the CHRONICLE isn't it? Yeah. There's the CHRONICLE and the EXAMINER. Oh. But they're uh both run by the same peo-. <SEP> Oh yeah. They ju- they really are probably the worse papers I've ever read. I uh uh. They're just horrid. Yeah. So we read. <SEP> Well can you get the L A paper up there? That's a pretty decent paper isn't it. Or. Uh we can. But I don't like it. Yeah. So we subscribe to the NEW YORK TIMES and the WALL STREET JOURNAL and uh MERCURY NEWS. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Well that's another one I read. I forgot that. I read the WALL STREET JOURNAL. Not as in depth as I used to because they their articles seem to be getting even longer and longer. But. Yes. Well again I read that uh two columns on the front. Yeah. <SEP> I I think I I agree with you that the problem seems to be they don't have enough time to do all the stuff. I feel pretty well versed in in what I'm doing because I I do spend more time on that than I do say on sports or although I watch that. Uh-huh. I spend a lot of time reading about these things. I'm quite interested. I find it very exciting to for the coverage we have now today. Yes. And I think we do get pretty good coverage. I don't feel that the American people is being shortchanged by the uh the news coverage. <SEP> If anything they I think they list-. We almost have too much. Well I don't know. I I hear a lot of criticism about listening to these the Dan Rathers of the world and and listen- and taking their word for it or their comment. Actually they I think they slant things. But. Well I can not stand Dan Rather. <SEP> I remember him when he was a local newscaster in Houston. No kidding !. Oh wow !. And I hated him then. <SEP> I didn't know that. Yeah? And I would not watch that man for money. Yeah. And he and Barbara Walters just really turn my stomach. <SEP> Yeah. Was was he. So I watch Peter Jennings and uh and Tom Brokaw. Sort of alternately. Yeah. <SEP> How do you feel about it? I guess I I got to say if that's the subject if the subject is do I feel that we're well enough equipped to. I don't know. If if it said that. I feel I'm well enough equipped. Do we get enough news or something like that? Yeah. To. Do we get uh do we get the news that we want? <SEP> Yeah. And I do. I really think. Yeah. I think I do too. I think you have to let yo- you got to segregate some of it. Yeah. <SEP> Well that's about all I have to say. Okay. Well nice to talk to you. Nice talking to you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3023.txt:I have uh. I well I used to have the opinion that there wa- that there really was not any more crime in America in the cities anyway than there was in previous centuries uh before uh. Simply because. The reason there seems to be so much was the fact that the police now had advanced uh reporting methods with computers and other devices. Compile more statistics. That's right. And those statistics in turn got them bigger budgets. <SEP> Uh-huh. However I have been persuaded lately I guess simply by the uh overwhelming data that seems to be available that there is indeed a lot more violent crime. More especially where you are. Are you in Washington D C or Washington state? Well yeah. <SEP> No. I am in I am in Washington D C. Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say. Actually it. You know I do a lot of business here. And I come here quite often. And and that again is a is a sort of media perception there's some absolutely lovely and marvelous and peaceful areas in Washington. Regardless of the racial makeup. <SEP> Oh yeah. But it's it's real uh. There's pockets of violence that is so violent that they uh. It just really grabs your attention. Yeah. <SEP> It just makes the whole place seem like that. Right. Now just to focus on that a minute I guess uh uh. When uh previous secretary of uh educa- Bennett I think his name was became the drug czar uh for uh President Bush he was going to focus on it on this area and do something about it. Yeah. And I see that even he was met without with with little success even though the entire I guess a a quite a bit of money and other uh planning efforts went into that. <SEP> What do you what do you think is causing all this. Well. Because it seems that there. Even though. Crime though I think it is increasing in number it sure does seem to be increasing in intensity and violence too. Yes. <SEP> Well I I have three theories about it you know three things. I have one theory. And it's brought to us by two things. One I I believe that this is a function of uh the violence that young people see on television and the movies. Uh-huh. And I am not just talking about you know uh role models of gu- of tough guys and gangsters and things like that. I am not even I am not even convinced that maybe things like football hockey and th- th- the you know the and even baseball games now where the everything is settled with a fight. You know the the immediate need to show some sort of violence to settle th- the argument. <SEP> And and then I I am an advocate of hand gun control to some degree. So I think that particularly. I I was reading the other day about uh Corpus Christi Texas which has the the highest. I think it's Corpus Christi that had the highest rates per hand gun death in America uh per capita. Um. <SEP> Yeah. I was I have not seen that. But uh. I mean the Saturday night special stuff. So. Yeah. That that's what I think about it. That's some of the things I think about it. Plus I do not know. What are your views? <SEP> Well yeah. I tend to agree with you with you know. It seems anymore uh a movie can not be considered good unless there's just some some sort of violence or something in it. Yes. And and along with that you know. And then you start making a movie and it has no there's no call for something violent. But so they just throw something in there just to say they have it. Exac-. Well that's that's that's the impression I get you know. <SEP> Yeah. And I and I imagine that it's you know it just feeds upon itself when we have this sort of violence in society. People want to. It conditions people to it. And uh you have to amp-. It has to be even uh magnified to to attract people's attention. I guess to have them spend money on something like that. Yeah. You become callous. <SEP> Yeah. And I am sure that it does form role models for young for young men and young women. And. Yeah. Uh I mean I I read now where we are you know. Women are arr- young women are arrested fighting with knives over over whatever. Whatever reason which is kind of unheard of when I was young. <SEP> Um. Now I do not want to sound like an old fart. But that's what. Seems that those things happened befor- did not happen in that manner before television. <SEP> Yeah. And I I I I have to think that that it has some influence on it. But. I listened to a radio talk show today at lunch time uh Rush Lynn Bottom. Yeah. <SEP> I do not know if you listen to him or not. No. He's on A M. But ther- there's a fellow that had called in and was lamenting about the. There was an interview done on the assistant chief of police for Los Angeles the guy under Gates. Oh yes. <SEP> And they were just really coming down on him because of some of the things he was just some of the things that he believed in some of his morals. For instance uh they asked him if he spanked his kids. And he said `` You bet I believe in discipline''. And people I I I I guess they confus- confused discipline with punishment. Yeah. You know. Yeah. <SEP> And just. It seems anymore that uh if if you have you know this type of a moral stance that people come down on you. It's like you know hey everybody has to be free to do their own thing. And I disagree. And I think that's really contributing to this high rate of crime. Yes. Yes. Well I mean I I guess what I wanted to say and I stopped uh I do not know I got diverted was that that uh there's so mu- there's so much of a return from pris- to prison that the rehabilitation programs seem to be a failure. And and that is not emphasized. I recognize there's there's over crowding problems. And and since we have decided to put everybody in jail that commits a crime now that that's complicated the entire process. Yeah. What I also think that. I guess it's the reflection of the society where where we have so much more mobility and less attachment to uh. You know it does not seem to be any responsibility to the community where you where you live. Or. I do not mean respons- attachment and responsibility. I guess I mean any sort of. <SEP> Well nobody feels responsibility to do something. It's like oh boy I wish they would stop doing that. Yes. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. I I do not know how that's. I do not think it's done by uh. The changes come simply by statutory nature. I do not know what it really will take. <SEP> Um. And I do not know if I have solutions except except to. You know I am sort of a a an advocate of of uh of letting people of having free speech. And I guess to curb uh. Television uh the violence on television and in the movies would be contrary to my beliefs in that. Yeah. However there does seem to be a. Right now in verbalizing. It does seem to be a higher need for something of that sort. <SEP> Yeah. And then how many. And the sacrifice is not that great. How many studies have to be done to show that there is a link between you know what you see and how yo-. Yeah. <SEP> I mean what you see affects how you think and therefore what you do. Yes. Yes. I think I think that's correct. And yes. But you know as soon as you start uh. Well Texas has uh Texas has uh has always struck me. I mean I I I have lived in and out of Texas both in the service and uh uh short business stints. And it seems to me they are a pretty pretty tough law and order state. But that's a. But yet that does not seem to have effected the amount of violent right in the state. Just citing that you know. <SEP> Yeah. Uh unfortunately you have got a lot of the uh. Some well a lot of it can be contributed to th- the racial differences I mean just that we are so close to the border with Mexico. Yeah. We have got a lot of that influence. Yeah.
sw2650.txt:Okay. This is really ironic that this would I would get this subject today because just yesterday our dog ran away. Oh no. And it's just been tearing me up all day. <SEP> Oh I bet. Because we have just been looking all over for him. We've been to the pound. We've been to the humane society. We've been to the adoption center. We've just been all over the neighborhood. We've been calling neighbors. So this is just really strange. Oh I guess so. Have you lost him before? No. This is the first time. Um he's gotten out before. But he's always stayed right here you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. He's never gone away. And so this is just really strange you know because. What kind of a dog is he? Um he's part golden Lab and part uh let's see Alaskan no not Alaskan. I always forget. <SEP> Yeah. Uh Australian shepherd. Oh. And Yeah. <SEP> Boy he's a big one. He's pretty big. That's why it really surprises me you know that he hasn't come back because like I said he's never gone away like this before. And I would think you know he might I mean he might could get hurt by a car or something. I don't know that he could really get killed that easily because he is so big. Yeah. You know but I don't know. <SEP> Oh well I hope he comes back. That's too bad. Thanks. I do too. How long have you had him? Oh about two years. So he's. <SEP> Oh that's tough. Yeah. It's really. Gosh anyway. Yeah. You get very attached to animals don't you? That isn't that funny how we do? <SEP> Yeah. I mean we just really. Well you know they're always there for you. And they don't talk back to you. Yeah. <SEP> And uh it's kind of pleasant. Well they're companions. Yeah. Sure. Sure. Well do you have any? <SEP> Yes. We have a dog a little white Lhasa. And her name is Angel. And we have a cat who a white cat. He's he's just a Tabby just a. And his name is Dominique. We call him Neek. Um. But. How do they get along together? <SEP> Pretty good. Uh we've we had the the dog first. And uh she's kind of a wimp. And and the cat kind of rules. But uh she likes him all right. He we had another cat about two years ago. It got leukemia feline leukemia so we had to have it put to sleep. Um. <SEP> And uh then we got this new cat. So uh. I have two children. And they really enjoy the animals. And then my mother who's very elderly lives with us. And she's really good friends with the dog. They're very good buddies. Oh yeah. That's what are so neat about animals. I mean they are you know like I said they're they're really companions you know. And they're friends you know. <SEP> That's right. I mean they you can love them all you want. And they love you right back. And they don't. That's right. They don't care what you look like or what you act like. No. <SEP> They just love you unconditionally. I know. <SEP> It's wonderful. It's just so neat. You know. It's. That's. I don't know. This is just so hard. Oh I know it has to be. It's just it's like I said we've had him for two years. And he's never. I mean he's he's gotten out. But he's always been right there. He's never been gone for at all. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You know he's just always been right there when he gets out. Oh. You know it's the first time he's ever been gone like this. <SEP> Oh that's really too bad. That's awful well. Uh I I just knew today uh you know that we looked at the pound and that we just went all over the place. And I knew we were going to find him you know. And when we didn't it was like oh no. So I don't know. Well I I'll I hope you'll find him. You most likely will. Yeah. We keep you know. They told us like at the Humane Society and the adoption center you know don't give up hope you know. And then Well not yet. <SEP> Well have you put any posters up or anything like that? We were talking about that tonight since you know he we just he just got out yesterday. We were just talking about that whether. We we were trying to find some pictures of him recently. We've got so many when he was a puppy. Uh-huh. Yeah. You know but we just don't have a whole lot. We have him on film you know on the video camera. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. You know but you can't put that on the. No. You sure can't. You know so So I don't know. <SEP> Oh dear. I we will probably will put some things up. Some posters and stuff up. Well that's good. And hopefully that will help you know maybe around the neighborhood. But we know a lot of people that live in this neighborhood. So that helps too you know if they can keep. <SEP> They can keep their eyes open. Yeah. Yeah. So. That will help. Well. I think that if somebody else picks him up. I think that uh if he gets out he'll come back. <SEP> Yeah. You know. I really do because he knows exactly where he lives. So. Yeah. Yeah. He will. I bet he does. <SEP> I know that it's hard on you. I know that I'd be worried too. I know. It's just like it's it's just so ironic that this would happen. And I would get this this kind of a call. Yeah. Isn't it though? I know. <SEP> That's. It's very strange. But. You know I know sometimes our cat will will stay out all night. And when he's not right at the door in the morning I really worry that something's happened to him that somebody he's got in a fight or you know somebody's hit him. And and uh if he doesn't come by mid morning then I really get scared. But he's always come back eventually. So. Well that's good. That's one thing about cats though. They're so small. <SEP> Yeah. And you know they can get hurt a lot easier. Yeah. You know they can get hurt a lot easier you know. <SEP> Yeah. They can. So that would make you really tend to worry about them you know if they're not right there. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well but he's a real feisty guy. He fights with other cats in the neighborhood because he doesn't want them on our property. Is that right? <SEP> He's. Cats are really almost more territorial than than dogs are. They just really do not want other animals on their property. They're very very. He he just. Any cat that comes near and even a dog he won't he won't jump at them or anything. But he'll sit. And he'll watch. And I think maybe he would if it came real close. But he's very protective of our property. Huh. That's really. I I guess I really don't know cats that well because my mother never liked them. Uh-huh. So I never had them growing up. <SEP> Yeah. So you know I never really had them around me you know. So I've never owned one you know since I. Well they're really a lot different than dogs because they're not they're very independent. And they're very he's very affectionate when he wants to be. But if you want him to be and he doesn't want to be he'll just he'll you know either scratch you or run away. Huh. <SEP> But when he wants to be uh he's really affectionate. He likes to lay next to you and have you scratch his head and and and snuggle up to you. And but if he's not in the mood you'd better stay away from him. Huh. But dogs seem to be always in the mood. They're always you know right there and like like you to pet them and loving. Yeah. That's true. I I like the way they come up. And they'll they'll put their head underneath your hand you know. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah oh. That. And uh most dogs do that. I mean. Yeah. They do. I don't know any that really don't. I mean you know they know exactly how to get that attention you know. <SEP> They sure do. They just you know come up. And they put your you know. Yeah. Or they'll rub their their head against you you know. <SEP> Now do you keep him indoors most of the time other than to go outs-. Well no. Well well he's outside during the day. And then we get home at night we do bring him in. You have a fenced yard or. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. The backyard it's really big too for him to run in and stuff. That's why we couldn't understand why he would want to get out you know because he's had all this room to run in. Yeah. And but. <SEP> Well how did he get out? He dug a hole under the fence. Oh boy. Well see he did he did it a couple weeks ago dug a hole. And you know we we filled it back up put him back in there. <SEP> Uh-huh. He did it again. Uh-huh. So we chained him up. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know but we really didn't want to keep him chained up because you know we feel like that's just too restricting for him. Right. Right. So uh we got we we put dirt in the hole and then put some chicken wire around it you know so that he couldn't get out. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well he kind of ripped through the chicken wire. Oh. So I can't. I I I just have not. I don't understand you know because it's like he's got a good home you know. He's got. I mean we have two kids you know that just love him a lot. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. You know it's like we can't understand why he kept wanting to get out you know. We just couldn't. Well you know that animals are like that. They like to roam and investigate. And see what's going on. Yeah. I guess that's. <SEP> Yeah. I guess that's probably true. I don't think it's anything we did. No. Least I hope not. <SEP> No. I'm sure that yeah. No. I I know. I mean he's always you know he really does have a good home. I think that's what really bothers me the most about it. Yeah. You know it's like. <SEP> How are your kids handling it? Well I don't know if it's quite hit him hit them. Uh-huh. I have two girls. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they they just been real uh. I don't know. At first you know they seemed to be upset. But now it's like uh well if he doesn't come home can we get another dog. Yeah. That sounds like kids. It's like wait a minute you know. <SEP> Oh. Poor Buddy you know. I said he's only been gone a day. And you already want to replace him. What's his name. Did you call? Buddy. <SEP> Buddy? Uh-huh. We that's was our cat's name that that that died. Is that right? <SEP> Oh yeah. We named him uh we named him Buddy after uh Buddy Bell uh the Ranger baseball player that used to be here. Oh. And we used to. We were really into that when we got him going to the Ranger games. And we named him Buddy Beaner for some reason. <SEP> But Buddy after Buddy Bell. So. That's funny. But he was he was a good cat too. We miss him a lot. Yeah. <SEP> And I I feel real guilty because we had him like for six years. And one year I forgot to get him his leukemia booster. And he got it. Oh. And I just felt so bad. I it's real contagious. And it's. And the vet said it runs rampant in this area. I didn't know that. <SEP> And if they don't have their booster any kind of saliva or anything from another cat if they get in a fight it automatically like. They get it if the other cat has it. So. I had I had no idea. Oh. I did not know that. <SEP> Oh. It was. I just felt terrible. I knew something was wrong with him because his appetite was. He was just getting real skinny.
sw2366.txt:I don't know. I grew up uh in the the sixties. And at that time uh it was is a changing time for the whole music scene I guess. And I grew up with the Beatles and the Rolling Stones and the whole pot culture during that time and went through that phase and kind of stayed with it I guess for several years after I graduated from college and and thereafter. But have since uh. I grew up in a small town in in southern Oklahoma. I have kind of gone back to uh more of a county uh flavor in music. Um I'm not quite sure why that is. And it seems like almost a opposite. But I guess I got away from what I consider to be the pot uh sounding music. It didn't have what you know I guess what I was looking for at the time country tells more of a a story. It kind of reminds me of my roots of growing up. And I've I've become I guess more of a country fan over the years. When you say that you grew up uh in the sixties I take it that was the uh teenage type years. Or uh. Yeah. That was my teenage years. I was born in fifty. And and uh. <SEP> Okay. We we're very similarly aged. So we probably have an in- interesting perspective on the music on the times. So I'm just a couple years older than you. Yeah. Um essentially I was one of the nerdy types in high school really which meant that I for one reason or another I didn't pay much attention to music. But as I look back now I realize it was very formative for me. Uh my early popular music interests were in Simon and Garfunkel whom I saw perform when I was in college. And I became attached to that style of uh urban urban country if there is such a thing. Yeah. <SEP> I think with in a way one could talk about Simon and Garfunkel that way because they do tend uh to have a dramatic or story approach to their music uh usually tend to have some good or bad moral to it. Uh over time I became very interested in in baroque classical. And I think that was just through experiencing contacting college and the fact that I found it it very relaxing for me. My tastes now run I guess to a upbeat uh Simon. Yeah. It's something that interests me uh combined with with the classical tastes I had mentioned. And my classical music tends to be confined to the seventeen hundreds early eighteen hundred music. I'm not a music um. I'm not particularly schooled in it. I know what I like to listen to as far as classical music. And I I spent a good deal of time listening also to uh people from the late seventies really um Neil Diamond for instance. Um people of of that particular time. That's kind of the way I am. <SEP> Uh-huh. I listen to some country and western. But I'm not sch- schooled in it. And I I've enjoyed the times when I have listened to it. I played a little bit of piano. I continue to do that. I want to do it. And I never have the discipline to stay with it. But when I do play uh and begin to reacquire skills I inevitably fall in love with country western music which tends to be in some ways easy to play for a for a new piano player. It is it's got uh basically an easy uh rhythm and and tone. <SEP> Right. And it's it's pretty fairly well easily to uh uh something to fall into. I'm kind of the say way. I I've gone through different periods of life uh in music from pop to classical. I guess one of the things was that influenced me was that I I've worked in radio stations as a D J for all my college years trying to support my way through there. And suppor-. Was support. I was influenced by all different kinds of music. But basically because that's where I worked. And I've developed a real love for uh classical music in probably junior high and high school because my band instructor was uh heavy into classical type music. He said he used to sit on Saturday mornings and watch cartoons just to hear the music uh that they were using behind them because they used especially Disney used a lot of classical music uh behind the cartoons. And so consequently we wind up wound up playing a lot of classical music there. And I think that uh got deep seated into me. One of things I especially like now in music regardless of what kind it is uh are those that call on those classical uh roots I guess uh Barry Manilow comes to mind for some reason there's there's not a whole lot of his stuff that I'm real crazy about. But he does have some things. Chicago had some things. Right. Uh and I think even Electric Light Orchestra had some some real um influences by classical music. And I'm still still. My favorite. In fact most of my C D -s are classical music. <SEP> I find it very interesting that some television shows that I enjoy I particularly like the music. I don't know which is chicken and egg in that situation. Uh a good example would be uh. I have connections but but not particularly deep ones to the Vietnamese war type situations. Uh-huh. Uh and I found that I really like CHINA BEACH. And I particularly like TOUR OF DUTY. And both of them I had as much fascination of the background music I think going on as I did to the theme of the shows. Yeah. <SEP> Uh and I I've uh THIRTY SOMETHING I'm particularly interested. But it's the music almost that I find myself listening to uh. Yeah. I'm kind of thinking that's maybe. Our generation was uh so in tuned to music of that time that we identify goodness or badness with uh things now with the music that's behinds them. <SEP> That could well be. I I uh spent my junior year uh and sophomore and junior year in in college when I. A song by the uh uh. I think the title of it was just Downtown. Uh-huh. Uh and if you recall how it goes downtown ta da da da. Right. <SEP> Uh all I have to do is hear that song and I get strongly evoked memories of of difficult times in school being behind on work. Uh-huh. Uh and my family now knows if they come into my study and uh I happen to have had a tough day at work and maybe I'm trying to get a project done uh at school uh and I'm humming or whistling in a sort of mad crazy way the tune to Downtown they know to just stay away. <SEP> That's their signal. They can hear the unconscious music signal behind it. Yeah. <SEP> That's right. When did you first take your uh first piano lesson? Uh probably about first grade. Yeah. <SEP> And I have uh returned about every four or five years to thinking that I would like to do something about it. I usually get to the point where I can play some of my favorite themes. And then inevitably I am swept away by the the pressure of other types of things. Yeah. Uh. It is a time consumer. <SEP> It is. In order to continue to to grow and. I I always think that I'll be able to do it. And then I inevitably discover that I have no innate music talent relative to composition and that I struggle and really can't quite understand what is that other people take for granted in composition themes. Yeah. And I. Keys and things are something to me that remain a mystery no matter how many times I bang on them. I have a pretty good mathematical concept for what's involved. Right. <SEP> Uh but in a in a innate music sense there just seems to be something missing there which is always frustrating for me since I have pretty high math aptitude. And I keep thinking gee I thought that all the math and music people are supposed to go hand in hand. But but it doesn't for me. No. It's making that that connection especially with the mechanical parts of it. I was never able to to master all that. In fact my brother and sister both they were oh thirteen sixteen years older than I they went through the uh parent thing where you've got to practice or you're not going out to play thing. <SEP> And when it came to my turn the folks said no we're not going through that again. They sold the piano. And is the turns out I was the only one who really had an interest in it and never got to. So I. Uh-huh. That's one of things I felt like I missed in life. And I I really. In fact uh one of my favorite things to do now is sit down and listen to Chopin that is played on uh piano. I just you know I can just drift off into some other world just listening to that for hours if I ever have the time to do that. <SEP> Oh. Maybe one of these days I'll. You know I'm kind of like you maybe one of these days I'll get around to it. I'll do something with the piano. But probably not. So we both have a secret background that says somehow or another we just knew we were piano players and never got a chance uh. Just never got a chance to come out. No. <SEP> That's the most fascinating thing. Well it's a pleasure talking with you. And you sir. Best of luck in your graduate school. <SEP> Take care. Okay. Good-bye. Good-bye.
sw3338.txt:Tell me what you like to do. Well I I collect antique tools uh for one thing I well I'm sort of in an antique business. But it's a little sideline part time thing. Oh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Wonderful. And uh I'm building a a log house at a farm that I have in East Texas which is a hundred miles from here. Oh. <SEP> Wonderful. Yeah. It's really neat. And uh uh course I've been working on it for five years. But you know. Oh but how wonderful. Are you close to getting it done? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It's getting real close to. Oh. You know of course there's still a lot of work to be done. And then when you get it completely you know the shell finished uh you still have a lot of stuff to do inside. But uh. Are you going to move your whole family over there then? <SEP> No. Actually uh I'm not even sure. I may. I'll probably always have a place here in Richardson or Dallas. Uh-huh. Kind of your getaway place. Yeah. Escape. But it's beautiful. It's you know it's Eastern Hardwood uh forest. There are a lot of pine trees. But it's mostly oaks. And. Oh how beautiful. And it's pretty flat there? <SEP> Well it's kind of hilly. But it's you know low hills. It's not uh. See I've only been to Texas once. I have two sisters in Texas now um one in Austin one in Dallas. And the one in Dallas is the one that got me to doing this. Yeah. And uh I thought Austin was beautiful. <SEP> You. I liked the hills and the trees. Yeah. In Aus-. <SEP> Yeah. It's really different because that's kind of the you know that's the chalk hills down there lime- limestone hills. Oh and you've always lived in Texas have you? <SEP> Yeah. Except for time in service. Uh-huh. Born and raised Texan huh. Yeah. Well I had never been there. That's pretty neat. My sisters both seem to like it pretty well. My brother-in-law works for the University um in Dallas. <SEP> Wh- At at which one? He's admissions director. Uh. University of Texas in Dallas. <SEP> Oh okay. Yeah. It's just north of me here. Yeah. Well that's he's got a job there. And this is his first year. So it's been a real interesting thing for them. <SEP> That's great. But they seem to like it okay. I think they're too far away from me. But maybe some day they can get closer. Well yeah. We'll see. <SEP> Pretty good trip. So what do you what kind of hobbies are you in? Well I'm mother of four. So basically I'm just real busy with my kids right now in sports. And we have a little Halloween talent show tonight. And I substitute at the schools part-time. <SEP> Oh that's great. Well I am a travel agent at heart. And my hobby is just. I love traveling and and being involved of that and finding out more uh. But it's real hard to work in the summers and holidays and weekends when you have four children and a husband. So I reluctantly gave that career up and am just substituting at the school. No kidding. So I've been librarian all this week which has been real interesting. And I'm enjoying it. I'm around my kids. And Oh yeah. <SEP> That's pretty easy substituting isn't it? Yeah. It's great. It's great. And what else do I do. I do lots of cross stitching when I have time. <SEP> Ooh. And I enter things in our little state fair. And that's pretty fun. That's great. Well but actually my hobbies is mostly is my sports. Tennis. I play tennis. <SEP> Ooh I love tennis too. Ooh. Do you? And I ski ski. Do you ski? Yes. We snow ski. We snow ski at Mount Bachelor mostly in Oregon. <SEP> Uh that's great. Have you ever been there? No uh. Wonderful place. <SEP> I've skied in Colorado. And we usually go to New Mexico because it's a little cheaper you know. Ooh. Uh-huh. Where in Colorado? <SEP> I've been to Telluride which is on the west side and uh Copper. Yes. Yes. Copper is kind of my favorite up there. Breckenridge and Keystone. Really. <SEP> Uh-huh. I guess those are the only places I've skied up there. I would love. I can hardly wait to get up there. <SEP> Me too. You guys are you guys getting snow? We. It is snowing right now. We're to get one to three inches tonight. <SEP> Oh gee. I heard Aspen got three feet. Oh yeah. Well we're we are on the dry side of the mountains. Seattle is only about two and a half hours. So of course I'm a real Seahawks fan. <SEP> Yeah. And um going over that pass is just a real nightmare. I can imagine my lord. And um so and we're on the colder side. They're on the rainy side. We're on the snowy side. And um we we ski. My my children all ski. <SEP> Oh super. And we've we have been to Whistler in Canada which is just a marvelous place. Whistler and Black Home is in Canada. And then we've gone to Sun Valley several times. That's a just a great place. But no Colora- not in Colorado. Since I was in college since I went to school. What about Utah? Haven't been there. I keep hearing these marvelous things about Deer Valley and. <SEP> Yeah. Haven't either. Um don't Adam um City. Always want to go to Canada Canada to Banff or somewhere like that. <SEP> Ooh yes. And your kids all ski? Uh not all of them. Uh-huh. <SEP> My my kids are all grown. Uh-huh. But my youngest son is a skier. Really. That's great. Well my boys are at the point where they scare their mommy to death. <SEP> Uh-huh. When they're skiing they're fearless. And they go off.
sw2220.txt:I was trying to think about some of my favorite people that I liked in music. And they're none of them are recent right. Uh-huh. So I like Gordon Lightfoot. Do you know who he is? <SEP> Yeah. And the Moody Blues. And I like to listen to piano music a whole lot. And Willie Nelson. Uh-huh. So you like a a variety. Yeah. <SEP> Sort of easy listening because you like country. But then. But not all country. I don't like that when they start. Um. I don't know. I just like Willie Nelson I guess because he's such a character. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. Yeah. I I like some of his songs though. They're they're not so they're not so sad country all the time. They're just kind of sweet sometimes. Yeah. You know I mean they're not the the typical country where they're just you know my wife left me my dog left me you know. My truck is broken down. <SEP> Yeah. My truck's broken down. And my house just burned down you know. Yeah. But. There there's a guy. Have you ever heard of George Winston. He plays piano. <SEP> No. I think he's dead now. But he plays wonderfully. Uh-huh. I like that. <SEP> Are d- are you do you play the piano. Is. Or you just like it? Very badly. I've got a piano. <SEP> Yeah. My mother got a piano. And uh vowed that someone in the family was going to learn. So we all had to take lessons. And I was the one that did the least poorly. So she gave it to me. And it's sitting here mostly taking up space. But sometimes it makes you feel good to sit down and play it. It is real relaxing. <SEP> Yeah. It must be fun to be able to play it. And you know if you can play tunes that people can sing along to it'd be it'd be kind of fun I think. Yeah. Because I mean I play the flute. And not many things you can play that'll you know people will sit there and sing along to. And you can't sing along either. So but uh I like a lot uh. I like classical music just because of the. When I I don't play. I like jazz music. But. Oh so do I. <SEP> What's that? Forgot about that. What's that? I said so do I. I forgot about jazz. <SEP> Yeah. I like a lot like. I like uh is it the New Age music like with uh uh the. I don't know if you've heard Neurotic Collection. Yes. We've got about five of those. I love them. Yeah. I love those too. They're just so relaxing. Uh-huh. I'd never heard them before until I went in a music store. And you know how you put the headphones on and listen to it. <SEP> Yeah. And I just I heard a piece. And it was just so wonderful. Yeah. And then even my eleven year old boy loves to listen to it. <SEP> Isn't that nice. I mean it's nice when you have a piece that that is so so peaceful that everybody likes you know. Yeah. And uh it it it it you know it has pieces that are uplifting. But it it's mostly relaxing. And you don't because it doesn't have words you know you don't feel like there's anything you have to remember you know as far as singing a song or something like that or interpreting what they mean. Or but uh. I mean you can just sit. You know those little booklets that come along with it. <SEP> Yeah. And you can just see the things that they're trying to show with music. Yeah. My my little boy has gotten so into it that. He's identified the the people that have written certain songs. Then he buys the pieces that have that person. You know on it. <SEP> Yeah. Oh I see what you're saying. Huh? <SEP> Yeah. I mean I don't even know who did which ones. But he does. I I can't identify them either. I just like them. I could I know which ones come next. But I don't even know their names. Most of them I don't know their names of the song. But I I can identify them. But I like that. And I like uh course I I like classical music. Yeah. <SEP> And uh. Were you in the band? I was in the band. Yeah. So was I. <SEP> And I was in like chamber music groups and stuff. So I'm used to pieces. And and I played classical flute. I didn't play play jazz flute or anything like that. So. I c- I can relate to it I suppose. But uh and I like I'm like you I like the older stuff too. Because I like Chicago. Yeah. And I like I like uh uh let me think who uh. I like uh Hebert uh oh. You don't know Hebert Laws. But Hebert Laws a flute player. He's a jazz flute player. And I like uh uh Chuck Mangione. Do you know who Chuck Mangione is? Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I like Chuck Mangione. Trying to think of all uh oh. What's his name plays the trumpet. Uh Yeah. I like the Moody Blues. Did you like them? <SEP> Yeah. I like Moody Blues. I I like mostly the older groups I think. Oh c-. But we do have. I like Simply Red. We got Simply Red. I figure all our C Ds that we have what I really like. And uh I like Breeze. I like the group. I think just because they all sort of sound they sound l- a lot like r- uh Simply Red. If I'm going to listen to that kind of music nowadays that's it's easy listening. Uh. So what type Simply Red. I've never heard of that. Is it just instrumental? <SEP> No. It's it's got people singing. But it's it is instrumental. But it's it's got people singing. But it's got a like a whole bunch of people singing. Yeah. You know how many people are in Simply Red Stuart. He can't hear me. I I don't remember how many people. But it's it's got men and women. And it's not it's it's nice. I mean it's pleasant you know music. It's not where it's it hurts your ears to hear it. But it's not as it's not like uh Chicago where it's got that much instrument to it. You know it doesn't have like all the brass and everything. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well my husband is telling me we have to hit the road. We're going to go to Commerce and see a friend. And then I'm going to go to Sulphur Springs. <SEP> Oh you must live in this area. Yeah. Where are you? We're in Sherman. Okay. So we're in Garland. <SEP> Oh okay. You're going to Commerce? Yeah. For East Texas or something? Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Oh okay. Just because there's a friend up there. Not because there's much else. Oh okay. Well they're having a lot of recruiting this week in all the different areas. That's why I was just w-. For colleges? <SEP> Yeah. East Texas is recruiting for you know their fall semester. Well they're not c-. And they're they've been doing a lot of that in the area. They're not going to recruit me anymore. I'm through. <SEP> No more for me. No more huh. What what do you do? <SEP> Well right now I'm just a homemaker. But I'm going to school uh for legal assistant. And that's what I know. So and uh just nothing basically. Are you going to go to East Texas for that? No. No. It. No. I don't go to East Texas. I got a degree from T W U. But I'm really interested in legal you know in the legal environment. But I don't want to be a lawyer. So I said well I think I'll go back to school and see about being a legal assistant. That'd probably be pretty interesting. I was summonsed down to the courthouse last week. They had summonsed eight hundred people. About four hundred showed up. And it was for a murder trial. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. This guy had supposedly uh strangled this woman and stuffed cotton toweling down her throat and up her nose. Anyway this is happened in nineteen eighty-three. Yeah. And they had us fill out a long questionnaire. We stayed till about one thirty. And they're going to call the ones that they're interested in from the questionnaire two to three at a time. And the trial won't take place until June. <SEP> Yeah. That's how it works. And they say it's going to last about two to three weeks. And this guy in front of me said I can't believe I was summonsed. I was an investigator. And I was tailing the woman that was killed. Well then I have a friend at school that has a boyfriend that's a lawyer. And he said that this woman this socialite in Plano had hired four guys to kill her husband. And the one that's accused was the one that actually did it. And she has since taken off with another lawyer who had been uh getting cocaine from his client and then selling it. And he had skipped bail. And they finally extradited him. And he's going to testify for the State against her so he'll have his sentence reduced. And this is the man that was in front of you? Yeah. <SEP> Oh well they'll weed him out. The the investigator. Yeah. He he got off right away. <SEP> Yeah. And I wrote that down on my questionnaire that he'd told me that. Uh-huh. So I figure that that will make me biased. And I won't be chosen. <SEP> Well not necessarily. Hopefully. But there's probably something else that might make you. Because you could know about you could know about the crime but not necessarily be taken off the jury you know not be accepted for j- the jury. Yeah. <SEP> I mean pretty much a lot of people would know about it you know and and know some of the different things about it. But uh they they might weed you out some other way. You know if you if you don't believe like if this was a capital crime and and you don't believe in if you don't believe in death penalty you're not going to be picked at all. The death penalty. No. <SEP> So but. I said that I could believe in it in certain instances but I would be I'd find it hard to levy that against somebody. Yeah. So see there there they would have a doubt about you that you know. You know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because if that's what if that's what the punishment is in that in that instance then you're always going to say you know not gui-. You're you're not going to want to have him have that cri- uh that punishment. So. Yeah. But then when you're when you're picked. See I was picked for another murder trial before. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh gosh and it's so hard because you know everybody is wanting to go on and get the sentence done. And if you're trying to hold out you know there's so much pressure on you. And you've got to come up with a decision. Well especially with something where you have to f- you have to find it beyond a reasonable doubt. You have to find whether they're guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. And it's like do you really feel that sure about.
sw2372.txt:Well how about you. Do you use P C -s? Oh constantly. Yeah. You and me both. <SEP> It seems everything I do is computer related. Huh-uh. And if it goes down then we're stuck all day. Yeah. And so I like the I B M P C personally. <SEP> Huh-uh. But that's pretty much everything I've worked with. And uh I've become so accustomed to it that uh it's second nature. Yeah. What do you use? <SEP> Well I have an I I B M P S two model thirty. Yeah. It's kind of kind of getting too slow for me. But my job I'm an E D P auditor. So I audit uh computer applications both on the personal computer and the mainframe level. Oh huh-uh. <SEP> And I use my personal computer constantly. Not only do I do P C type things like uh using lotus or word processors. Huh-uh. I also use my P C to emulate a mainframe terminal for our I B M mainframe and also to emulate a deck terminal for our deck machine. Huh-uh. <SEP> Oh okay. So all I have on my desk is my P C. But I'm I'm getting not only our local area network. But I'm getting two separate mainframe machines also. Oh okay. So we um we use it's an I B M P S two also. <SEP> Huh-uh. And um you know every now and then the file gets so big that you know it moves slower than I'd like. Huh-uh. But I uh I do mainly graphic work on it. And uh a little bit of word processing and then lotus applications to it. <SEP> Huh-uh. Yeah. And uh I don't know. I just I enjoy working with them. <SEP> Yeah. There's so many capabilities out there. I mean the things you can do are endless. Yeah. I've become kind of the P C guru in our audit department because it's mostly financial auditors with an accounting back ground. Huh-uh. <SEP> And there's three of us E D P auditors. And one of the three of us has an accounting background. And so she's not real proficient in P C's. And the other just has not used P C's that much. Yeah. So I ended up taking on the load of making sure everybody knows what they're doing. And I'm the administrator for our local area network. And I need to keep that going. And So I I'm I couldn't live my life without a P C. Huh-uh. <SEP> I don't have one at home. We have one at home. But I just don't find the time that I can use it. Yeah. Right now I would rather not have one at home because I would work at home. Yes. <SEP> Um we've got a couple of portable lap top P C's at the office that I end up bringing one of them home a lot to do work. Huh-uh. If I had a machine already installed at home I would probably work just about every night. One of the reasons why I got mine was before I went on maternity leave. They didn't know how they were going to do without me at work because I am pretty much the like you said the guru in the office with the different programs and any trouble shooting that there is. <SEP> Yeah. Huh-uh. And um so they didn't know how it was going to work. They knew they were going to have to get a modem so that we could in the decks machine so that we could in my home so that we could make it through this eight weeks or so. <SEP> Yeah. But uh you know it's uh it's almost like we could become too dependent on them. Yeah. And oh I we use a lot of free lance. <SEP> Huh-uh. And uh that's uh pretty much takes up a lot of our day so for as producing transparencies and things. Yeah. And um it. Uh compared to the way the things have upgraded Have uh really. <SEP> Right. What's the word I'm looking for. I'm just totally drawing a blank. But uh the way things have changed over the years with the P C and the different programs is just great. It's remarkable the things we can do now and compared to you know a few years. Just the power. <SEP> Yeah. I'm I'm trying to uh get an updated machine. Mine uh is just putting along. And it's not fast enough for a new four eighty six chip. But uh I don't know if my boss will spring for it. Yeah. <SEP> But I'm determined to brake mine. So he has to get me another one. <SEP> We think about that a lot. Yeah. Well that's what I do. We had a printer a Hewlett Packard Ready Writer. Huh-uh. <SEP> And we had about ten people sharing this printer. By it was attached to like a central P C. And you had to take your diskette to the P C to print something. Um now that's awful. So the first thing when I started working at this bank is I said well now first of all we need to all be able to share this P C without getting up. So I talked my boss into investing in a it's not a uh a uh real elaborate local area network. Huh-uh. <SEP> But we can share the printer. And we can uh send files to each other. Okay. And we can mail send mail messages to each other which is good enough. Oh okay. <SEP> It's what we need. Right. And then I talked them into buying a H P Laser Jet. Oh yes. <SEP> And that was a major ordeal to get him to buy it. But once he bought it he has been so pleased. It's it's fast. It's quite. Oh it has good copy. Right. The copy that you can with one of those as compared to one of those dot matrix printers. Yeah. I've got a little little uh I B M Pro Printer on my desk. Yeah. <SEP> But and I can use either the Pro Printer. Or I've got my P C configured to where I can use either printer. The one that's on the network or my own. Huh-uh. So if I just need something real quick and I don't feel like getting up and going and getting what I printed. I can just print it in my office. Um we're just trying to talk ours into getting a laser printer. <SEP> Yeah. And uh it's just so. The budget restraints and things like that it's makes it difficult. And uh. They have gotten really cheap. Hewlett Packard makes it's actually a dot matrix printer. Huh-uh. <SEP> But the quality is almost laser quality. Oh huh-uh. And I think it's called the desk jet. And they're you understand I think they're about five hundred dollars now. And we uh got a quote on some laser printers the other day at six hundred dollars. <SEP> Oh really. Yeah. I don't remember what kind they were. But uh we do a lot of transparencies. Huh-uh. Sometimes the color would take too long to plot out. <SEP> Yeah. So they just want black and white which see we can just run them through the laser printer real quick. Because it will only take a minute to print one of those out and then run a thermal copy of it. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. But uh it uh. So that's all you need for like charts and stuff. You don't need them in four colors. No. Huh-uh. If it was a customer presentation then that would be different. <SEP> Yeah. We would want to razzle-dazzle a bit. But uh it's uh. Yeah. We have one in the office. And if we want well in our area if we want to use it we have to you know like you said you had to change it put it on a disc And carry it over to there and see if they're not using the printer. <SEP> You use the sneak- system. Right. Yeah. And uh wait for an opportunity to use it. <SEP> Yeah. We you'd have to just sit and wait while someone else was using the printer. Huh-uh. Until they got off the machine. I know. I know. I understand. <SEP> That was. I was amazed when I came to work. I worked at the uh. Well it used to be the largest bank in San Antonio until N C N B came up and bought the rival. And now N C N B. And now N C N B's got a little larger market share. Huh-uh. But it's the only uh. Well it's part of the bank holding company and that bank holding company of the ten largest banking holding companies in Texas. It's the only one that's still alive. Oh huh-uh. <SEP> Any way I work in a big prestigious place. Right. And I couldn't believe when I walked in the door on my first day and here's the audit department of this this huge holding company sharing a H P Rugged Writer. <SEP> I was going oh wait a minute. Come on guys. This is crummy. So how are you supposed to expect to stay number one when you're behind the times in technology. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. We're pushing real hard though. We're we're trying. Well see the entire bank is not like that. We. The the bank philosophy is one of innovation and Lead the market. Huh-uh. It's just the audit department happened to be just a little behind the times because the uh the senior vice president over audits is cheap. Huh-uh. <SEP> And it's real hard to pry money out of him to to do these things. But I was I was able to convince him that it would be cost effective and that our board presentations would be much better. And. Right. Um. We find it hard to believe sometimes or hard to understand when uh we work for a computer company and uh how are we supposed to present the imagine that we're supposed to present with equipment that's outdated That's obsolete. <SEP> Yeah. And the guys that some of the guys that run this place are very tight. And it's like Well why do we need this. Can't you do that with you know what we have. And when we try and then they complain about this doesn't look good. Yeah. Unfortunately the the uh computer equipment and and related peripherals are changing and improving so rapidly. Like for instance we bought a.
sw3135.txt:Okay. Do you have you ever had to put your children in child care Mary Dell? Oh yes. I'm an old experienced hand. I started back when it wasn't stylish to do that at all. <SEP> My daughter that's seventeen now I worked even when she was a baby. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh. And I had private care for both my daughters until they were two. And then I was really lucky to have put them in a Methodist day school at Preston Hollow Methodist right off of Walnut Hill and Preston. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it was a wonderful environment. I I just wish all kids if they have to be put in day school could have that kind of place. Uh-huh. I see. <SEP> So it worked well. Oh. How about you? Well I have uh a nine year old and a six year old. And neither one of them has ever been in in uh day care for the reason of of me working. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But uh they both went through preschool. <SEP> Yeah. And uh we've just been real lucky I think anyway. To not. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's not hard to find anything that's part-time. So many of the churches have really strong preschool and children's day out. Right. Like half day programs. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> But it was a nightmare back when Cheryl was little. And this is one of the few churches that did it. There were a couple downtown Dallas. But they were so seemed cold and impersonal. I just couldn't hack it. Uh-huh. <SEP> And what I liked about Preston Hollow is that the people that were there when Cheryl was two which was fifteen years ago many of them are still there today. So there was real continuity. Oh. She went back as a teenager. And these people that had changed her diapers when she was three were still there. Oh my gosh. <SEP> So it it was really neat. But it was because they had a director that had always done it as a labor of love. And she just kept good people and real cheerful place lots of arts and crafts. Uh-huh. Oh my goodness. <SEP> And I'm really glad my kids had it because Plano schools do so little of that. That if they hadn't had it before they hit first grade they were never going to have any art or music or any of the interpretive stuff. Right. Right. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. That is uh a big drawback I think in that in the uh public schools out here. You know to. <SEP> Uh-huh. You're lucky to have an art teacher. And if you do you get them once a week or something you know. Or pay for it after school. Our Emily's in the third grade over at Huffman. And they started a pilot program where we can pay private tuition so that they can take French and music and art. And you know I willingly did it. Oh is that right? I had no idea. <SEP> But I thought this makes me angry. This is something that ought to be in the schools rather than some of the other stuff they do. Oh my goodness. <SEP> And with our budget cuts I'm sure that's not going to not going to change anytime soon. Yeah. <SEP> Well that's the only way they're. Yeah well that's the only way they're going to be able to do it. And parents who really want their kids to have any humanities are going to have to do that. Oh my goodness. So in some ways I think the the day schools do serve those purposes. Yeah. That's true. Well even the preschools you know they get so much of that in preschool. And then when they hit kindergarten you know it's like wham. Culture shock. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It's just. Put the colors away. Yeah. Yeah. Get the computers out. <SEP> Which is too bad. And you know. Uh-huh. That's hard. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's so difficult for them. Um did you have your children did you say in home in in private care. Was that in your home or in someone else's home? Until they were two. Yeah. Yeah. Both times they were at our house. Uh-huh. So you were able to have somebody come there. <SEP> And that was hard too. I I lucked out with really good people both times. But I know so many people that are never able to find that. And I'd practically give my paycheck away to do it. So. Yeah. Yeah. Did you have a nanny. Or did you have someone that lived in with you? Yeah. <SEP> Well no. She didn't live with us. Uh the first one was an elderly lady who was putting a a daughter through nursing school just purely on baby-sitting money. Oh. <SEP> Oh my goodness. And she kept Cheryl during the day and then did more baby-sitting at night. Uh-huh. <SEP> And she was neat because she was like the grandmother that my kids never had because both our parents are dead. Yeah. Oh. <SEP> So that that was a plus from that respect as well. Oh gosh. And then with Emily it was a neighborhood friend that kept her. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. I have uh. <SEP> I just can not fathom putting a little bitty baby in a commercial care center. Uh-huh. I was just listening to a program this morning. Oh well I guess it was on the HOME SHOW. But they were talking about uh a new uh. Oh I can't even think of the name of it. I was halfway listening while I was painting. Uh-huh. Um it's some kind of advisory board they've put together for parents and children. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they've now moved it to Washington D C. And the the doctor that was on there the pediatrician said you know I can't imagine leaving a three week old and taking them to a nursery day-care and leaving them there. Yeah. <SEP> Oh that would be hard. You know so um. Well they give a lot more leave. I work at N C N B now. And our benefits for maternal and and parental care and even for elderly people are are really expanding. Uh-huh. <SEP> We have more options now then we did when I my kids were born. With being able to take off full-time longer of you can phase your schedule in so that it's not full-time for up to six months. Uh-huh. Oh boy that's great. <SEP> It's really neat. I've I've had a couple of assistants that came back just three days a week. Or they've you know whatever schedule they want from a pay standpoint. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. We try to work it with their hours. And that helps because you don't have to just wean yourself cold turkey and say okay I never get to see my baby for eight hours a day again. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Right. And the bank has a lot of programs now for child care referrals. I've. Of course it's too late for me so I've I've not tried them to see how effective they are. Yeah. <SEP> But I think we're finally beginning to make progress but just not very fast. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. God it's amazing. <SEP> And for our age group it's too late too little too late. Right. Right. But I I do think it's an area that needs to be looked at and improved because more of us are going to have to work. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Two income families I think are here to stay. Well and I would think you know since big business is supposedly why the government makes the decisions they do you know the the people that work in big business have families. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. They have children. Yeah. So it's only to their advantage that they get these programs going and working. <SEP> Oh sure. And uh. You retain employees and keep them longer. That's that was the rationale they gave when they were giving us information about our Employee Assistance Programs that they want us to be happy and want us to be able to cope with trying to split ourselves in fifteen million pieces. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> Right. Right. So I I hope it helps. It seems to help the new mothers not have to come back full-time. Oh that's good. <SEP> Because that's hard. That's good to know. I have a couple of friends that have have found the uh you know a pri- a private home to take their children to when they're young until they hit the preschool age. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And they. Usually you know you'll find a a woman that's keeping like six children or four to six children in the home. <SEP> Uh-huh. And my future future sister-in-law's mother does that too full-time. Well in Plano though the problem is you find. And this is what I found with Emily. I from the time she started first grade I wanted her out in Plano area. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I kept finding neighbors and friends. And they'd move. Oh. She ended up being in a different home every year. Too transit. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I finally decided I didn't like that because it was traumatic to her to get so attached to a family and then have them move. And her surroundings. So this year I I tried Kinder-Care. And then she's old enough to. <SEP>
sw3188.txt:So have you done any painting projects lately? Yeah. This is a great topic for me because I just did my first two painting projects ever. <SEP> Oh really? Was not not a big deal. What kind of painting was it? <SEP> Two little deals. The first one um. I helped someone repaint an apartment. And it was very easy. Uh-huh. It was it? <SEP> Yeah. And I've never painted anyth-. I always thought it would be. So you know you'd have to hire someone if you needed to paint inside your house or something. Yeah. But I know I can do it. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> And the second one was I bought some toys at a um at a craft fair. Uh-huh. They're unfinished wooden book ends and stuff for a little girl for Christmas. And so I decided to paint them. And that wasn't as easy as painting the apartment. Oh well what kind of paint did you use for the um bookends? <SEP> Well it's uh it that's half the problem right there is that it wasn't it was a oil base. So I had to get. And when I painted them I didn't realize that we didn't have any turpentine or paint thinner or anything in the house. So I had it had it all over my hands. At first I didn't realize you know. I had never painted anything. So I didn't realize that I needed that. Uh-huh. I mean I kind of knew in the back of my mind. So you can't use oil on wood? <SEP> Well no. You can use it on wood. But I just had it all over my hands. And I went to wash the brushes out and uh wash my hands. And you can't wash it off with water. You have to get the uh a solution. And. Oh so you had to go around with paint all over you temporarily anyway. Yeah. I had to drive to the store. <SEP> Yeah. I had to drive to the store with paper towels all over my hands to go buy some paint thinner and and everything like that. Oh. And then um downstairs in the apartment I just us- we just used a latex base. And so you can drip it on you know. If you dripped it on something as long as you wiped it up it was real easy to clean. Oh is is that what you usually use in the house is latex? <SEP> Yeah. And and it it just like. Um. The same with the toys. It's just important to look for one that doesn't have lead in it you know. It says Safe for Children and all that. Uh-huh. Yeah. I heard about that. I guess a friend of mine had a uh well. She she just started up a day care center. And uh the one of the real strict uh restrictions was the fact that she had to have a special kind of paint that was fire proof and lead free and all that other good stuff. <SEP> Yeah. So uh she had that done. But uh. Have you painted anything recently. Well um so to speak I had to paint this uh the inside of this warehouse thing that you keep some um farm equipment in. <SEP> Wow was it huge? Uh-huh. And um what I had to do is just coat this bare wood with a sealer. And uh I had this big five gallon jug. And it was like paint thinner. I mean I you know it looked just like it was the viscosity of paint thinner. <SEP> Yeah. But uh you just took a roller and put it on there. And uh if you saw that the wood was getting wet you know that was that was all you needed. So. Wow. Yeah. It was. It used all of it. I guess it was about three hundred yards worth. So. Well I guess it worked out. It was pretty easy actually. <SEP> Yeah. I think though um we're lucky that we didn't have to do any detail work because I don't know if I could you know. I don't know. I don't know. Must be difficult. Well what about the trim in your house? Did you have to do that? <SEP> No. It was j- it was really easy. I just like what. We had a couple of different size brushes you know real easy. Uh-huh. I went around the trim. And if it. And there was wall paper. Like I was do just doing just the trim outs that around the doors and windows. And there was wall paper. And if we got it on the wall paper a little bit we just wipe it right away before it dried. Uh-huh. <SEP> It came right off. Oh yeah. So there was no major mistakes. There was. Did you have uh one coat or two? <SEP> Uh two actually. Uh-huh. Um and it. There was um. You know around the windows if you got it on the glass we let it dry and scraped it after that. But that. Yeah. That would be really time uh a time saver. <SEP> Well yeah. If you just you know. We didn't tape anything. We weren't that careful. But it wasn't you know. I don't know it's it's funny. It's like if you just go slow you don't get or at least I didn't get that many mistakes. Uh-huh. <SEP> I didn't make that many mistakes. Oh me I would have had to have taped the whole thing and then brushed around the edges. And and then I'd have probably rolled it on. I'd it would have taken me forever. Why? Just because you'd be afraid to do it or have you done it before. Yeah. Well the first time it'd probably would have taken me forever. So. <SEP> Well it wasn't. If it was my own I would have. But my friend said oh just go ahead you just go ahead it's easy. I said Okay it's your place. Well how long did it take you all? <SEP> Well a couple of week ends. We would go down two or three hours on the weekends. Uh-huh. And. So there was two of you all? <SEP> No. There was they were doing all sorts of repairs. And there was I was just painting because I don't know how to do anything else. Well that's easy enough. So there's a whole bunch of people. Um. <SEP> So now I feel like if I ever buy a house I can probably paint if nothing else. I think I could probably do it uh as long as the hardware store told me what to buy then I could do it. Yeah. <SEP> But you know I went in to a hardware store to get paint for those toys. And the guy said Oh get this it's a nice shiny gloss which was true. But I didn't realize what you know pain it is to clean the brushes and everything if you don't have latex. I don't if. It's worth the shine. Uh-huh.
sw3068.txt:Well Steve did you go to college? Yeah. In fact I'm still going. Oh that's good. So you probably could give some great advice. <SEP> Uh well I don't know about that. But I in fact I'm in the process of trying to choose a P H D school. Uh-huh. Well what's your ca- what's your interest. Your uh. <SEP> Uh well computer science and cognitive science. Uh-huh. So. That that's similar to what. I'm in a P H D program right now. <SEP> Oh I see. And uh my area of expertise it's information systems which is a little bit less technical I think than uh than computer science. But my area of expertise is uh uh human computer interaction. Oh yeah. And I think that's one reason why I'm part of this study uh because it's of I'm working with voice systems. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. So so good luck. I guess we should talk about giving advice though. Wh- what what type of advice do you think you'd give to a a parent? To a parent? Yeah. <SEP> Well you know the thing is when you're a kid and the kid at that age especially if they're going into undergraduate it seems like they think they know what they want. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> An and I mean choosing from my experience you know I thought you know my I know what I want a lot more than my parents know what I want. Uh-huh. But uh I don't know. At the same time you have to decide what is important about the school. You know the size of it or. Yeah. I think that's more important probably than even the career vocation because most people change. <SEP> Yeah. I kn- I know very few people that uh started in one field and stayed with it. You know they. I think that's what you just said you know having to do more with the size of the school the environment of the school uh. I think that's much more important. I I think I'd I'd advise a parent to send a kid to a school though that has a number of different types of programs you know. That uh some of the smaller schools might be very limited in what they can offer. But some of the uh the small some of the larger small schools you know I guess around three or four thousand students have a can offer a broader range of curriculums and things. Yeah. So if the kid does change they don't have to transfer. Or they don't have to uh uh. I don't know they don't have to give up years of you know of credit transfer and things. <SEP> Yeah. That's disruptive. Yeah. I normally. And and parents hate to hear this you know. Because I I actually teach college. I hate to uh I hate to talk to the parents. Because um one of the reasons is because you know the kid doesn't know exactly what they want. And I always say make sure you major in something that you like even if it's not going to be your career vocation because you'll get better grades. <SEP> I I think most employers would probably rather hire you know a a three six in um in history uh to be a salesman than someone with a two oh in business administration. <SEP> Oh yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah. Well yeah. I see what you're saying. Yeah. I always you know tell them that you should major in something you you're going to get good grades in. Because that that's always I think more important you know overall. <SEP> Yeah. I don't know. Uh give me five minutes. Yeah. Oh you you're at the office now? <SEP> Yeah. At work? Yeah. Yeah. I'm just getting ready to go to lunch. Uh yeah. That's like what we were saying though. Would you uh advise a private school or a public school. I would I would it would. <SEP> You know what's the trade off there. What. I I tell you. I live in Maryland. And the public schools here are pretty good. I teach at a public school actually. And I know that the S A T scores for our admitting freshmen are higher than a lot of the public sch- a lot of the private schools. And um I actually I would full time at a at a public school. And then right now I'm teaching part time at a private school at a Catholic institution. <SEP> Oh I see. And um and I really think I think I'm getting a better caliber of student at the private school because I think their parents pay more. And I think the kids are a little bit more challenged because their parents are probably college educated. Where at the public school I don't think as many parents are public are are college educated. And I don't I think because it costs less the kid doesn't take it quite as serious you know. They're not th-. It it's the minimal cost. But I think you can get a good education at public or private. But I think you can also get a bad education at public or private you know. I. Yeah. You have to really you have to look around at the school. I I think the bad part is that most parents or kids don't know what to look for. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I think uh I would agree with that. In fact the thing that I'm going through the same thing where in graduate school I was trying to choose. Uh-huh. You know a particular institution might be better for my area. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yet like say you know the University of Small Town in Arkansas or something might have some top specialists in my area. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Yet if I go to U of I or C M U or you know some you know any big name school my quality of education might not be that much better. But it's the same thing. There's you know what will the name recognition get me kind of thing. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Does it have a big ten football team. Or. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. That's that's usually the basic criteria. Yeah. I mean uh yeah. Is it a PAC ten school you know. Yeah. But I think. Yeah. See I'm I'm at the University of Maryland so in this this region um though I go to a smaller branch of the University of Maryland my diploma will still say University of Maryland. <SEP> Oh. Um you know it doesn't doesn't differentiate on my diploma though I would put it on my resume what program I went to. But I I think you know I'm actually at a smaller program. I'm not at the col- the big College Park campus you know. That's the big one with the football team. Yeah. So I I think um I think you're right that there's a lot of there's difficult decisions there based on name recognition. Um you know when I first was applying for graduate schools I applied to some big programs you know in this area like Stevens Institute of Technology which is recognized in the Northeast as as you know one step below M I T in a sense you know. <SEP> Yeah. So it's got big name recognition in this area a big science school no football team but a big science school. Yeah. And technical people know that. But I don-. Yeah. I think you're right. You really have to think about that for the job. I went to a very small state college when I got my bachelor's. And when I. Now I was in education at first when I was looking for jobs. I was going to be a teacher. I was just a high school teacher. So most people recognized that institution because it was a teaching school sort of. <SEP> Yeah. You know but then when I went um for graduate work you know or for a new job people said to me you know Shippensburg State where is that you know. Yeah. Yeah. And you know when I went into higher education even at other universities they weren't aware of it you know. <SEP> Yeah. So I think yeah. That's important. Um. I think it depends on if you want to be a if you want a regional job or a national job. You need that first job or so out of school too. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I I guess another thing that concerns me is uh so many people it seems like everybody today is still in that job market. And uh um where was I at? Oh go- in going to school you get taught the things you learn in school. But there is also a whole other dimension I mean the growing up while you're going to school part. Uh-huh. Yeah. And uh actually in the Midwest especially a lot of the schools have like University of Missouri will have a main campus like Columbia which is big multi disciplinary. Right. <SEP> And they'll have a satellite campus in a usually in a smaller town that specializes in the technical field. So you've really uh I guess sacrificed some social exposure to different groups and everything. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Depending on your technical areas. Yeah. Yeah. I could see that. But you know at some of the large schools I know that at at at University of Maryland where I am you know in a P H D program I I haven't even met uh someone outside of my area of information systems except for.
sw2545.txt:Um so do you have a personal computer? Uh well we do have one in in our home uh. It's on the fritz right now because the monitor isn't working properly. But uh it has been uh used tremendously mostly by my children for uh playing games. Oh. <SEP> However um you know the bane of our existence these days. Uh but it does have a word processing program which all of us have used for re- reports and papers and that sort of thing. Yeah. That's what. When this subject was mentioned to us I said well. I went gee that's all I use mine for is a word processor. And I haven't used it since I got out of college. And that was six years ago. Oh wow. But it it was my sister's who. My sister bought it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh my father had a small business. And she thought that he would incorporate it and use it in the business. And he never did. Oh. He always did everything out by hand. He only had three employees. <SEP> Oh yeah. So you know it wasn't really worth it to him to do to do it. Yeah. Actually it would be worth it if he were able to get a program that would do something that he normally had to do by hand. Yeah. Like pay the payroll. And. <SEP> Exactly. And there are lots of them on the market. Yeah. Basically payroll. Yeah. <SEP> But you do have to research that find out what works for your system. What kind do you have? Um it's an I B M. I think it's a Professional Three Hundred. No. That's that's the digital one. It's an uh I B M P C Junior I think. Oh well that's a nice computer. Yeah. She she uh she uses it now uh my sister to. Actually she moved. And my father wasn't using it She took it with her because she needed it to do. <SEP> Uh-huh. So she took it with her. Yeah. Don't blame her. She just finished up her Bachelor's degree. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I don't know if she's going to even use it anymore. It it's. Yeah. Oh well well encourage her to try other things. Because um I am uh. I work in a school system. And I teach writing. And we use the computers a great deal for word processing you know because students really do seem to be freer when they write on the computer as you probably found out yourself. Yeah. <SEP> But um I also am sponsoring a literary magazine. And we're doing our entire layout on the computer uh because of the graphics program and a page maker program that we have a publishing program. Oh yeah. That's that's neat. That's a very good use. <SEP> So it is wonderful. Once you get into some of the programs that are out now you can do so much with them that you don't do until you really make yourself use them. Yeah. <SEP> Well I know there there's got to be a lot of uses. But it's just y- you have to have a need. You have to make yourself do it. Yeah. Yeah. But you have to have a need. I really have no need for it at all. <SEP> Yeah. Um I work for Digital Equipment. Uh-huh. And we have a powerful computer down at work. <SEP> Oh. So you don't need a personal one? No. And I I still really don't do that much as you say play games on it. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. They're great for playing games. Right. My brother. <SEP> Well my son is uh studying electronic technology. And he's been able to do things on uh on the personal computer here that really have enhanced his um reports and his learning and all because he can lay things out that way. Yeah. Um and I guess it. If you're doing that sort of thing it's really useful. But um unless it is I guess it's kind of a waste. I know some people who just. They just went through a course uh and took the electronic grafting course drafting not grafting but drafting course. <SEP> Oh that's fascinating. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. The C A D. I knew what you meant. Yeah. Yeah. And that's really neat. I mean yeah. You can do graphs graphs on it too. <SEP> Yeah. But this is you know this is one step above it. But it's actual um drafting. Yeah. And I always. <SEP> Yes. You can do wonderful design. It it's really s-. Well especially when anyone who's ever done any kind of drafting or engineering w- uh dr- drawing um. You have to be so precise. Yeah. And the computer does it all for you. Yeah. So it was really neat. I wanted to go to that course. But my boss wouldn't pay for it. <SEP> Oh well. I'm like I'll get a job some day and my boss will pay for it. I'll be needed. Yeah. Because um I I I didn't want to go do it myself. Because I didn't think I was really going to use it. <SEP> Uh-huh. I got this cough. I've got a cold because it was eighty degrees up here and I went outside with no coat on. Oh boy. Yeah. It was bad. <SEP> What a change huh? Yes. It was a big change. Yeah. You couldn't really wear a coat because it was so hot. And then again I picked up a cold. <SEP> Right. But I'm doing all right getting over it. Well that's good. So I don't I don't even know how much um personal computers cost nowadays. <SEP> Well they vary tremendously. Um because you can get. Because you're they're uh. The ones that were made a few years ago uh have come down in price significantly um. You can get them I've seen them for five and six hundred dollars. But they're much less um have much less memory and capable of much less. Yeah. They can't do your um your drafting and your graphs and all of that. <SEP> No. You can't do very much on them. Right. Right. Um well it's just that you have to have uh you have to be able to get your program in. And and m- many of the programs are so big uh. <SEP> They take up so much space that you don't have any place then to work. You don't have any bytes left. Yeah? But um if you um if if you want to go into one that's really useful you're going to have to go over a thousand dollars. And even for a personal computer it's probably smart to spend that much. An- and we've. Ours is not quite that powerful. And so you know we are we are limited which may be one reason why. You do run in- you do run into limitations on yours? <SEP> Oh yeah. Oh wow. <SEP> Uh-huh. Some things we can't do. But but then we haven't needed to either you know um. Yeah. But we've been able to do what we can. Wow that's neat that you ev- you even reach the limits of yours. I haven't even begun to reach the limits. <SEP> No. But I. Mine is not as good as a P C uh uh Junior. Junior. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ours is a Commodore One Twenty-eight. Yeah. <SEP> And it it's not quite as um as useful not quite as powerful. Yeah. They say that Commodore has made a good um P C for the price though. So. <SEP> They did. Yeah. That's very true. That's very true. They did. Very competitive. I don't even I don't even know much money my sister spent on hers. But I I just thought I it's it's going to be a waste. She's not going to do it not going to use it. <SEP> Oh well. Sounds like he that you were right. Yeah. Well she likes it. She gets to write her reports. But like I say she could have bought a much cheaper model and done what she wanted. <SEP> Yeah. And she could have bought a typewriter also. Yeah. A typewriter with memory would would have been fine. <SEP> Yeah. It's all she ev- uses it for. Yeah. Um I think it might have a spelling editor on it. I'm not sure. Um Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. It. Yeah. It prob-. If sh- if it doesn't she could easily put it on. Yeah. Yeah. Right. That's one of the one great thing about it. <SEP> Right. Which program did you use? Did you use Word Perfect? Um no. I I really don't. It's it was six years ago. Oh yeah. She pretty much set it up. She goes here this is you make your file and then you can uh edit it. Right? <SEP> Um I used the one the one at work a lot um. Matter of fact anything I've had to write from now on I had to ca-. God forbid. Write a couple of resumes. And I was just great. And all you have to do is just put it in a uh the sp- spelling check mode. Uh-huh. And I don't even have to look my my words up anymore. <SEP> Yeah. They're great. You're right. Well I guess we've spent our time. Oh. I need to go help my daughter do something. So this has been fun talking to you. Okay. Good. <SEP> Okay. Good luck. Yeah. Well bye. <SEP> Uh bye-bye.
sw3155.txt:I really haven't seen any movies lately. So when the computer picked this one I was a little bit surprised. But I think I haven't been to the movie theater here in about oh six months. But uh you know the last movies that I've seen were probably on video. Oh well that's. We rent a lot of videos too. Yeah. <SEP> Uh we saw. I have two little babies. And we saw one movie recently. And that was THE TERMINATOR movie uh which I didn't like after all. Uh-huh. Yeah. Now I ha- I haven't seen THE TERMINATOR movie. But and that's kind of blood and guts isn't it. I don't particularly care for that sort of stuff. <SEP> Well I don't either. It. On all the the advertisements Arnold Schwarzenegger says he doesn't kill anybody in the movie. He doesn't. He maims them. Yeah. Right. So. Yeah. He maims them pretty good doesn't he? <SEP> Uh-huh. He he uh I think he shoots off their knee caps for the most part. In the movie. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> So. I I saw uh SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY. Uh Uh I saw it uh. Oh I haven't seen that one yet. Oh couple weeks ago I rented it and uh watched it. And I was I was pretty disappointed in it. Because I I was told by several people that it's pretty scary and intense. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I was pretty disappointed in it. Oh. Now it's a good movie. But I guess that they built me up too much. For my expectations in it there. <SEP> Yeah. Well With all the commercials and everything. Uh-huh. <SEP> I haven't. That's one we want to see. I I want to see uh DANCES WITH WOLVES. Uh-huh. But we haven't seen that one yet either. Yeah. Now I haven't seen it either. But uh I've heard that it's real long. That it's a good movie but it's long like three hours. <SEP> Yeah. Th- that's what I heard too. Yeah. We've got to get it at a time when we can put our kids to bed and stay up late to watch it. That's right. So We saw uh the the uh movie with uh Sylvester Stallone OSCAR. That's right. <SEP> OSCAR. Supposed to be his uh his debut in comedy. Uh-huh. <SEP> Which was an interesting movie but not very funny. Yeah. I know my daughter saw that. And she liked it. So. Did she? Yeah. <SEP> Well it was it was an amusing movie. Uh-huh. It j-. I guess maybe it would have been better if we'd have been at the theater as opposed to uh just at the house watching it with with no one else around. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. And of course I get to watch all these movies like LOOK WHO'S TALKING and WHO'S LOOK WHO'S TALKING TOO. And because I have a ten year old. So We we watch a lot of movies around that category you know that she that she can watch. <SEP> Oh. Uh-huh. <SEP> My son just turned two. And so THE LITTLE MERMAID is now our favorite movie. Yeah. We seen THE LITTLE MERMAID too. LITTLE MERMAID and PETER PAN I think are are his two favorites that we've got. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And there's some I think there's some good Disney movies fixing to come out on video uh SHIPWRECKED. Oh I haven't I didn't hear that was coming out. Uh-huh. Yeah. It's fixing to come out on video. And boy I can't think of the other one that's fixing to come out. <SEP> Well they just had uh THE RESCUERS movie. But. Uh-huh. <SEP> That was a Disney movie wasn't it. I think I heard that was just one was just out. He's uh he doesn't sit still for the whole movie yet. But he likes to uh to listen to the music and stuff if there's a lot of that in the m- in the movie. Right. Uh-huh. Well I'm glad to know that there's somebody else out there that doesn't get to go to the movie theater. <SEP> Well I w- tell you ever s-. My my kids are just small babies. And I tell you we really want to go a lot. Yeah. And uh there's so much out on video now that it's almost you know. The movie comes out quicker than you can go see it. Sometimes. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's right. And then they go to the dollar movies. So. <SEP> Uh-huh. That seems to happen. I noticed that DANCES WITH WOLVES was playing at the uh Granada Theater. Uh-huh. And uh someone said that was a lot of fun to go do. You can have dinner and everything while you watch the movie. I thought that might be kind of fun to do. Yeah. That does sound fun. <SEP> And of course you need a baby-sitter for that. Definitely. But uh no. I'd really like to get out to the movies more often. Course it's so expensive now too that you can't hardly afford it. Right. I I know we get discount tickets where my husband works. Uh-huh. <SEP> But other than that it just seems like it's so expensive. And then the popcorn and everything else. You almost can't afford to do it. No matter what. That's right. Although we did actually get. We went on vacation couple months ago. And we got to go see WHAT ABOUT BOB? Uh-huh. <SEP> That was kind of a funny movie with uh Richard Dreyfuss and Bill Murray. Uh-huh. That was fun. Golly. I don't think that I've ever heard of that movie. <SEP> Oh he's a Richard Dreyfuss is a uh psychiatrist. And Bob is his patient. And Bob follows him on vacation. It's uh. Oh that's the that's the one where they burn down the house or something. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. The house explodes? <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh okay. Yeah. That's the one. Okay. Yeah. Another movie that I want to see if it ever comes out on video so I can see it without my daughter around is uh oh. I just forgot the title of it. Uh. Oh it's supposed to be a real scary one. Uh darn. Well here here's another one that I've seen. I saw uh. I can't remember the title of it either. <SEP> Must have left an impression.
sw3801.txt:Well got any problems on Mockingbird with crime. Or is that a crime free zone there? No. I don't think there is any such thing as a crime free zone any longer. <SEP> I'm afraid you're right. Uh one evening I decided to retire early and heard sirens and noises and thought oh well something's happens on Mockingbird and then heard yells and screams. And the next thing I know there are policemen all around my house. Oh my. <SEP> And they had stopped a uh b- a stolen car and caught one of the men in the hedge. Oh boy. And then the other one was on the roof in the back. By your house? <SEP> B- on my house. Oh my goodness. Aye aye aye. Oh my. <SEP> So I'm very much aware of uh crime in the cities and the and the concern about it. That's that's got to be a frightening way to spend an evening. It was. <SEP> I uh I kept hearing noises. And so I I knew that I was not going to sleep until I got up and went out and checked the garage. So I got a g- my gun and walked to the you know through the house into the garage. There was no one there. But I wanted to be sure. Oh boy. Is Plano beginning to experience the the kinds of things that are more common in the metropolitan you know in the urban area? Unfortunately yes. <SEP> That's too bad. Yes. <SEP> I think uh you know as any city grows up uh you get the hoods and the roof- riffraff and everybody else in there. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I think. Uh you know fortunately the sirens and everything we hear are over on Spring Creek. But uh we've been we've lived here sixteen years. And now you you know you can tell the change for sure. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I was thinking if you've been there that long you've seen Plano grow from what was really a a small town to a city. Yes. Well with all the uh Central Expressway uh with all the stores and the uh restaurants and the uh convenience stores and all that kind of stuff it's just prime pickings for people driving by. <SEP> Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. You know and. Well I was appalled to read the other day about the uh uh shooting on the tollway. That's that couldn't be too far from you neither. <SEP> Uh well it's farther west of me. Okay. I live over near White Rock Lake. Oh yes. Okay. <SEP> But uh. Uh it was really frightening to think that uh it's not even safe to drive onto the tollway or for those people in the tollbooth. <SEP> <SEP> Uh I never thought about someone robbing those. But apparently they do. I don't know uh how a few bucks can be worth shooting somebody. But. Yeah. It just doesn't seem possible does it. It's kind of kind of stupid isn't it. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I guess when people do those things they don't really give a thought of the consequences at the time. It's looks like easy pickings. No. And away you go right. <SEP> Yeah. And I think the drugs play a tremendous part in uh the theft and the the violence that we see. I think you're right uh although I think that may be an excuse for people too. It it is convenient isn't it? Right. <SEP> I didn't know what I was doing. Right. That kind. Right. Just like the old alcohol idea. And I think people uh I think when you have haves and have nots you're always going to find people that are too lazy to figure a way to earn money and find it's easier if you can get a gun to go out and hold something up than it is to figure out a way to legitimately earn the money. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well yes. And I work in South Dallas for the Dallas School System. Oh boy. And uh uh. Where do you work? <SEP> Uh do you know where Oakland and Hatcher are? Uh yes. I think I do. That uh is that Amelia Earhart -hart School there? Uh no. This is over near Lincoln High School. Uh just not far off South Central Expressway. Okay. <SEP> That's a pretty rough area there isn't it? It is a pretty rough area. We're over by Fair Park. Oh my goodness. <SEP> And uh you know you watch the people. There are marvelous B M W -s and Mercedes and Cadillacs and everything parked all up and down the street outside these awful taverns. Huh. And the kids see that. And uh they know that they can earn several hundred dollars in a day where uh you know running for uh drug dealers if. Definitely that area that that's big time. <SEP> Uh-huh. Big time there sure is. It surely is. I don't think I'd go to work without a bulletproof vest on myself. <SEP> Well I'm careful. Gee-. That's the worst neighborhood in the whole c- area. Yeah. It's uh a little scary sometimes. And uh I manage the.
sw3080.txt:All right do you do exercise? I do. Yes. I uh uh I guess it actually changes. I do a number of different things simply walking with my wife. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. And sometimes my daughter will come along on her little bicycle. <SEP> Uh and then moving up I run in the mornings. Uh-huh. Not every morning it probably averages about two days a week. Right. <SEP> And then with my wife I actually go to the gym and lift weights which isn't I understand quite exercising. But it's along the lines. Right. How about yourself. Well um that's a hard question to answer because I do physical things but I don't always set out for them to be exercise. <SEP> Uh-huh. I walk with my parents occasionally. Nothing's real regular about this because I have a weird schedule and they have a normal schedule. And um I play racquetball. But I haven't since I've been out of school. I don't have anywhere to do that. But that's going to start soon again. Uh-huh. And um I play softball once a week which is kind of more recreation than exercise. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because I really don't like to exercise. I think that's the basic point of it is I'm not I I don't enjoy it if I know that it's exercise. Right. But if it's like a social activity or a recreational activity I don't mind. <SEP> Right. So I have to disguise it. It's like feeding little babies food and telling them it's something else so that they'll eat it. That's right. That's kind of the same thing for me. I have to not know that it's exercise so I can do it. <SEP> Right. So you look at it more as a task. Well yeah. If it's exercise it's a task. Right. I don't want to do anything I have to do. <SEP> I see. I mean I'll voluntarily clean the bathroom. But I won't do it if I have to do it. Right. Right. So I'm thirty-two years old which is probably different than yourself. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. I'm twenty-two. And so it's interesting that as you get older you begin to understand that you need to exercise. Right. <SEP> My job at Texas Instruments I have to sit in front of a computer all day and make phone calls so that I don't get any exercise doing that. Right. And plus there's a build up of stress. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I need to go out and take those walks after dinner. And I need to go out in the morning and run. Or I'll just get nuts. Right. So that's kind of a motivator. So even though I can look at it as a task the you know I kind of get the I get some kind of global benefit from the whole thing by saying Well I'm lowering my chance of heart attack and thus that type stuff. Right. <SEP> Eating right and no cholesterol and all that. Sure. That all. I I do all that. Yeah. We. I'm sure I will do. I'm doing that more and more than I used to. <SEP> Yeah. I'm getting better about this knowing that I need exercise and doing it but it's still at the task stage. Right. Is it a pleasure for you. Or are you. <SEP> Well it's a. Something as simple as a walk with my wife is very enjoyable. Right. I do that at the end of the day. And it takes you know. That that during that time the stress from the day goes away. I get to share whatever I did with my wife and and vice versa. Right. <SEP> Going to the gym is is actually something different than than like. Oh and the running. And I enjoy that too. Uh-huh. Year. I've been running since high school on track teams and the like. Oh. <SEP> So running I I'm at that point which you probably get to after about six months of dedicated running where you don't feel your muscles any more. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> And you don't think about the pain of it. You you you take the time to relax some how. And you think about other things. During those first few months you have to think about running and why your elbow hurts and why you can't breathe and this and that. Uh-huh. And that's no fun. And it's so hard to get past that for a lot of people. Right. That's. I never got past that stage. <SEP> Yeah. The ex- the uh weight lifting on the other hand is actually you know. I think I look better. Right. I have just a I don't I'm not a huge person. I'm just a regular looking guy. But just going to lift weights on occasion with my wife. And my wife thinks the same thing about both me and herself that get that little bit of definition in your muscles is is attractive. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. So that pays also. That's good. <SEP> Yeah. So so I guess that aspect of that takes away the work the with my wife which is nice. Yeah. I love her you know. I enjoy being with her. Uh-huh. <SEP> I guess that's one thing. But also uh that that long term benefit of a little bit of tone in your muscles. Right. That's it. I do the occasional push up and sit up. I haven't really brought myself to go to the the gym because that's very stressful to me. Yeah. Because I feel I felt real competitive there. And I need to find some place I could go and not feel like there's all these people who are just huge and hulking that are. <SEP> Oh yeah. I don't I don't let that bother me. But yeah. That's something that comes with time too. You know. Right. I'll tell you the sit ups and push ups are excellent you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's your own. You you're you're struggling against your own body weight. Right. You can d- have variety by putting your feet higher or lower by putting your arms further apart or closer together by doing them real quick or real slow. Right. <SEP> And you can actually get a good wo-. You can I know in the push up at least you can get chest muscles and the back of your arms quite built up just doing push ups. Uh-huh. That's a good idea. But I do have my ride. We have a stationary bicycle and a stair step machine here at the house. <SEP> Oh is that right. I'll do those once in a while just you know like at eleven thirty when Love Connection's on and I can't sleep. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Right. I'll get up and stair step for half an hour. <SEP> That's funny. So. <SEP> Yeah. It's I guess pretty pretty healthy. But I don't have a regular plan that's. Yeah. I need to get started on that. <SEP> Well may- you know maybe not. I'd say I'd say at twenty-two you don't necessarily need a plan as long as you're getting getting the exercise otherwise. Right. When your life becomes sedentary is when you have to make yourself a plan. Uh-huh. <SEP> And what's real funny about plans is that there's a struggle between uh when you when you add something to your life when you add a plan to your life. Something else has to go away. Uh-huh. And that's the hard decision is okay if I'm going to run in the mornings what am I what do I trade it off for. Well the answer's sleep right. Sleep. <SEP> If I'm going to walk at night what do I trade it off for. Well Star Trek. Uh-huh. Or you know it it it's always trade offs. And you actually have to as you get older you have to really think what can go and what to to to replace this thing. Yeah. <SEP> It's I mean not just exercise but anything. It's very hard. Right. And uh I don't I don't think you should worry about not having a program yet. That'll come some day when I. <SEP> Yep. Yeah. I guess if you care or if your wife your future wife uh gives you a reason to care which helps. Right. <SEP> Well I hope so. Well I think we covered it. Yeah. Sounds good. <SEP> Nice talking with you Craig. Yeah. You too. Have a nice day. You too. Good day. Bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw2316.txt:It's it's hard topic because. Is is is it doing a good job or a bad job. And you got to divide it two different categories whether you live in the city or whether you live in a more rural place like I do. Yeah. And are you talking about public schools being lower level high school level or state school. Well public school all the way up kindergarten all the way up to uh uh high school. <SEP> Okay. But you're excluding high-level education. Yes. Well yeah. I am. Oh. <SEP> Okay. A- actually I think that I higher level education. I don't think there's so much of a problem there. It's pretty much funded well. There are small colleges that I'm sure are struggling. But uh it's the job that the the high school and the grade schools are doing that I see in a area like ours. Our school. Even a bad school is a good school up here where if I lived in New York City or Washington D C uh I would seriously consider moving if I had a child. I wouldn't let them go to a public school system there. But of course people are trapped economically. And they can't do that. Yeah. I know down here the schools are you know. I don't know. They rate. I moved to Arkansas and Texas after living in Ohio. And the schools down here rate you know bottom ten percent across the country. And having been through grade school up there and coming down here to high school I can understand why. Because they're so far behind and so poorly staffed half the time the teachers don't know what's going on. Well that's really too bad because it it's giving some people unfair advantage. I mean we our high school up here is like a junior college in Florida. <SEP> Right. What we learned. Well that was my experience going through junior high up there. When I came down south for high school I was just repeating what I'd already done. Because we were so far advanced. Yeah. <SEP> And uh you know I'd been in a parochial school before junior high. And you know even the public schools are behind the parochial schools. Yeah. So you know I I like the concept they've got now where they have more directed education you know. You you pick a career path. Or you get counseling earlier. And then you you learn the things that help you rather than spending four years learning the same things over and over. Like they have that down there that. <SEP> Well they talk about it. And there are a few in some of the more like in. I live in a big Metroplex. And some of the the better parts of the Metroplex the the suburbs that are richer have those kind of target schools. But uh you know. Yeah. It's like if if your father owns a grocery store and you're really interested in that. There's no reason that you should take college prep courses when you can get some general business courses in high school. Right. <SEP> Or if you're going to go the science route you can go to a target school that specializes in science or art. You know there's no point in you know. I'm an engineering student. And if I have to go take art classes you know I'm not going to use them. And through high school I could have gone so much further if I'd gone to a school that was directed. Yeah. That's true. I was fortunate. I'm a I'm a technician. And we had a vocational uh electronics in our high school. Right. In high school. So when I went to my first year of tech school I had a very easy time because our high school had a a good program. <SEP> Right. I think the schools today you know the public schools are just they're just overrun you know. They don't know what to do. There's too many kids and not enough teachers. And too many of the kids don't care. Yeah. I find that that the that in the in the cities it's more like the kids go there so socialize not really to learn. <SEP> And. Right. And the parents send them there because they're supposed to. And plus it gets them out of their hair. And I also find that that you can send a kid to school. But if don't work with them as a parent I think you're putting your child at a big disadvantage. <SEP> Yeah. And you know there's some kids that you know want to go learn. But most of them just want to go play. Yeah. Well I could I could see if a kid doesn't have any encouragement if t- they're you know come from a broken home and their parents are more concerned about trying to work. And or maybe they're unemployed. And they're mad at the world. I can see where that wouldn't be very good for a a kid you know. He's coming up will you help me with my homework. And they're no get away from me. I've had a terrible day. So it's got a lot to do with economics in the area that you come from. Yeah. That's true. I'm wondering with the boom down here. It's well not at the moment. But a lot of the industry's moving southward. Yeah. Are they going to move to uh Mexico? <SEP> So. Uh I don't know about that. But a lot of the industry up in uh you know the northern states is moving south. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I'm wondering if that's going to have any effect you know on what you see now. We're we're we're behind down here. On the. I say we because I live here. If. That might not turn around in the next you know fifteen twenty years. Yeah. Maybe the maybe they'll bring their good schools with them. You know. If the industry comes hopefully they'll promote good schools. <SEP> Yeah. Because I know the town that I come from the the uh the large I B M plant has something to do with the top rated high school because of their tax base for one. And plus for for the type of student that's going to that school it's going to raise the level of the school because your parents are engineers or chemists. Right. They're they're you're most likely to do better in school. They're going to help you. <SEP> You hope. Yeah. You hope. Well I think. I I don't know. I just think it it's it's a duty of the parent to do that. I mean jeez my parents always helped me. And I don't know. It's just like you say. It's the way you're raised and the economic situation you're in. I can see some lady. She's twenty-one years old. And she's got four kids. A kid in. Her first grader. I don't see where she's going to have much time for them. So I don't know. It's just like. I guess you just have to wonder. Is it up to the. Is it you know. Who who's supposed to make the change the the state the govern- the federal government you know. Where's the money supposed to come from. Is it you know. I don't know. Actually I think it's I think it should be a civic level the city level and a a system level really to find out and t- to see what they need and not overinflate it. <SEP> What what do you advocate more taxes or better management of what they got? Like if the teachers are getting six percent raises every year when people in industry have been getting cut back and you're getting raises every eighteen months you got to go now hey wait a minute. Yeah. We're in a recession here. We uh our town didn't pass the school budget this year and for the first time in many many years just because people are are in the recession. And they're. Even though we've uh enjoyed very good employment here for the past ten years. Now we got eight percent uh unemployment when it used to be four or five. People are going whoa. <SEP> Yeah. So. Starts hitting closer to home. Yeah. But I always see it's all it's all money. This. Like a couple other topics we had talked about was crime. It it's it's all money based. And what you can do unless you just get down to the parent level. And and then if you're in a bad situation where you have to send your child to a bad school. Who knows. Bu-. Maybe we do we need some more Catholic schools. Support the church instead. They seem to have done a the good job in the past. In uh some places uh you couldn't go to a public school. It was miles down the road. And the only school you could go to was the Baptist school or the Catholic school. So. <SEP> Yeah. They're a lot more strict. Yeah. I don't. You uh have to learn. You aren't given the chance to you know screw off all the time. Yeah. I don't know if I would do that to my child though. But so pretty much though. See I don't have any good ideas or or anything that would contribute. See this isn't a subject that I think a lot about because I'm never faced with it because our school system in Vermont it seems to do a really good job. <SEP> Well I know I'm in the you know. The only reason I asked about secondary schools or you know advanced education is because down here you know going to the University of Texas the education I'm getting I think is kind of shoddy for a public school. Is it? I I don't think I'm getting what I should. But you know in Texas it's next to free because th- they pay so much of it. It's state supported. Well that. <SEP> But at the same time it's really not it's not like going to M I T. My engineering degree will be nothing like somebody coming out of M I T. And that's it's really too bad. Well. But that's. I don't know. I think it just builds on the foundation that they've already built. You get people out of high schools and col- junior colleges that don't have the background for an M I T kind of curriculum. So. So you have to go to a lesser engineering school. We have a very good public school up here. And a degree out there means a lot. It's a very good school. It's it's University of Vermont. Uh we also have some two year college. Well there's a four year colleges. They all have a pretty good reputation. But like you say you.
sw2160.txt:Hello. Hello there. Did I reach the Dallas area? <SEP> I beg your pardon? Did I reach the Dallas area? No. You've reached Dayton Ohio. Dayton Ohio. I'm from North Carolina. <SEP> Oh you're from North Carolina. Where in North Carolina? In Raleigh. Raleigh. Great. Yeah. So. My name is Fernando. <SEP> Well my name's Mary. Fernando glad to know you. So um do you well. How'd you find out about this? <SEP> Uh I was visiting my son down in Dallas. And. Oh okay. He works for T I. No. No. But his wife has a contract with T I. And that's how we learned about it. Uh-huh. Oh okay. Because I'm down at N C State. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. And so I took a class. And he said sign up and get some money and just talk for five minutes. Right. So are you ready? <SEP> I'm ready. Okay. Let's get started. All right. Okay. Okay. So uh what do you think that uh. What do what do what do you think we can do to solve the crime in America? <SEP> Oh if I knew that I'd be a very wealthy person. Yeah. But what what what are the steps? Well you have to see. I the way I look at it you have to think first of all why. Or ha- has crime increased. And if so why has crime increased? Well see the problem is is that um what happens is as that you're uh you know as you go from the country to a city crime always increases right? <SEP> Uh-huh. Because in the country people still respect uh the property of other people. Right. And so as as. And the people in the country don't want as much as the people in the city. <SEP> Uh-huh. Now what happens is all those that don't have any money in the country move to the cities. And they rush to get the same thing. They say why can't we have the same things that these other people have. And the thing that we can do is we need money for drugs. And what we have to do is we have to go uh get some stuff steal it and then you know just resell it. It's easy. You said the magic word there. Which one? <SEP> Drugs. Yeah. And that certainly is one reason why crime here has increased. That's uh that's uh the main reason I think uh everywhere. Because uh you have deaths. I mean I mean you have murders. And you have you know people stealing other people's stuff. And that's. A lot of it has to do with drugs. <SEP> Oh yes. It doesn't have to do. I mean the thing is is that you know it's like you might be standing somewhere right. And like let's say you you're you're you know you're driving out. And you're driving back home. And it's late at night. And you stop by one of these you know twenty-four hour you know gas stations joints. Yeah. And uh somebody walks in there with a gun. I mean they're going to want the money. And you can tell by the people who are always caught that these people are there to get money for drugs. I mean they don't want the money so uh so they can do something else with it. <SEP> No. They don't want the money for food. That's for sure. Right. Right. And so. Well but you know the the strange thing uh perhaps not strange but something that many people don't realize is that you can go back as far as nineteen fifty-one and fifty-two and find that there were drug dealers at that time trying to influence the high school kids. Because uh I'm a retired educator. Okay. <SEP> And in fifty-one and fifty-two the police came to the high school where I was and were telling us how to recognize when kids were on drugs how to recognize the pushers outside the one entrance that they were giving their drugs away in order to get the kids started and so on and so on. Yeah. So it's a problem that's been around for over forty years. And we're just really uh uh now trying to uh figure out how to cope with the problem because it has grown so huge. Yeah. There's a there's a uh a song that I know which says you know tha-. It's like in uh nineteen eighty-eight nineteen eighty-nine the local state and federal governments spent the least amount of money on crime in America. And uh their figures I think are too so. I mean it's like compared to you know compared to weapons or stuff like that I mean you're spending nothing on on crime in the country itself. What you're doing is you you know. It's like you have other things you know. You have the AIDS. We're going to solve try to solve the AIDS problem while while you know some people are getting killed here and there. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then. Yeah. And another one of the problems is that the people who are the dealers the big dealers in drugs may be may be part of the power structure that's keeping us from spending the money in that direction. Uh-huh. <SEP> But those people never get caught. The people that that that I. That's right. They'll never get caught. See their theory is that if I'm surrounded and I'm going to be caught I'm going to try to find my way through. And they're not going to take me alive. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I have such a big army outside of my place that nobody can touch me. That's right. But they'll. You know it's like. Of course I mean I might be you know the the leading drug dealer here. But you won't find me dealing in drugs. I mean there's no connection between me and the people that were caught you know. <SEP> That's right. That's right. And they. One person doesn't know the other person down the line. Right. <SEP> But the guy at the very top the one who's who's really making the millions and the millions is the one who also many times is part of the power structure uh the uh and had the political uh pull to keep things from uh keep the interest or the emphasis in some other direction other than on the drug dealing. Yeah. Because it sure is monstrous in this country. Yeah. I was I was at a at a party on Saturday. And this guy comes over. He goes hey how you doing. He started talking to me. And this guy was from Jamaica right. <SEP> Uh-huh. And he's got his little brother selling drugs. Uh-huh. You know and he goes yeah I just came up here to work. And I go oh you did you make very good money up here. He goes yeah I make a lot a lot of money. He goes you know. And uh in the movie GOOD FELLOWS. <SEP> Yeah. Might. Did you see it? Nope. I only heard about it. Okay. In one part the guy goes out of jail. And within uh two months he has all his house payments gone everything paid you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And he had enough money to you know. It's like those guys at one point you know they had so much money that they didn't know what to do with it. Yeah. Really you know. Even in our prison systems they're finding that they're they're having drugs smuggled into them. Yeah. Yeah. That's that that was also in the movie. <SEP> Right. Yeah. So hello Mary. Been nice talking with you. We've been talking for five minutes? <SEP> I beg your. We've been talking for a little bit. I appreciate the call. I enjoyed talking with you. All right okay. Same here. Uh-huh. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2775.txt:Okay. Tell me about your home. Well it's an older home. It was made back in the early sixties. It's a pier beam house. Huh-uh. <SEP> Got three bedrooms one bath and that just makes me scream. That's pretty tough. What area do you live in? I live in Houston. Oh okay. I see. Is that pretty typical for your area? <SEP> Well for the neighborhood I'm in. Yeah. Yeah. This is one of the more established neighborhoods. Huh-uh. That sounds real interesting. I live in a suburb of Dallas. And uh I live in the basic three bedroom two bath home. So at least I have two bathrooms. That's not so bad. But uh it's pretty typical for the area as well. Uh I've always been interested in older homes personally. So I think you can end up doing more with them it seems like. What about yard space? Do you have lot of a big lot or anything like that? <SEP> The whole lot I'm sitting on is roughly half an acre. Oh I see. About half of that about a quarter acre of that I've got a garden. Huh-uh. Oh that's nice. Because I have just like a very small you know those basic tract houses like that. We have a very small yard. And um I do have garden. But it's extremely small. But uh it seems like though for your area that that is sort of different. In a big city like that most houses I would think would be sort of like what we live in. Just a you know basic tract house. <SEP> Well in the uh newer neighborhoods and development communities the houses are so close together. Yeah. If your neighbor is having an argument you can here it blow for blow. That's exactly right. That's the way we are. We have uh one thing we have that we really enjoy here is we have a hot tub in the back. So we have we have quite a few parties. And uh seems like everyone that lives around us ends up you know hearing every conversation that goes on outside with everyone. So uh that's true. That is one thing that I don't enjoy about it is the houses are too close together. But uh you know it's fine for now. Hopefully eventually we'll move in a larger home. The only thing that I don't like also is the rooms are so small. You know it's very difficult to arrange furniture and things like that. So. Are your rooms in your house bigger since it's a sixties home? Because it seems like then that they built the homes much larger. Is that true? <SEP> Yeah. And they've got better closet space. Yeah. New houses that I've seen. Yeah. Yeah. That's really it. That's a plus. At least we do have like three walk-in closets here. So that's that's maybe not so typical. But uh. <SEP> It helps a bunch. Yeah. It really does except when you have to fill them up. And then you get those Visa bills in. And. Yeah. So anyway um anything else about the area about um. You know can you compare yourself to any thing around there. <SEP> Most of the neighborhood I'm in is pretty typical. This whole neighborhood was built between sixty and sixty-five. Yeah. So it's it's. Everybody has got a pretty good size yard. Yeah. <SEP> I mean I got probably the biggest. If not the biggest yard I've got pretty close to it in the entire neighborhood. Yeah. That's nice. That is nice. But you know too the only bad thing too is that then you have to keep up you know. You have to the yard to deal with. <SEP> Well I I enjoy that though. And. Do you. You must have more time than than I have. I'm sitting out here right now. We had this terrible rain. And I'm looking at the yard and seeing how tall the grass has gotten. And it seems like. Now that's that's. I almost wish I was in an apartment or something. You know. <SEP> It's rained. Yeah. Well um I don't know do we just terminate this or do you have to talk for a certain amount of time? Do you know? No. We can. After you go to somewhere between five and ten minutes they'll get a little master recording on this. Okay. <SEP> Okay. Well can you tell me anything else about the house. Are you working on it? I mean do people around that area seem to do a lot of renovation? Yeah. This entire neighborhood everybody keeps the places up real nice. Yeah. That's that's nice. Yeah. The town that I came from is uh is a uh older town. It like. The typical the typical homes there are like you know early nineteen hundreds late eighteen hundreds. <SEP> Wow. And I renovated a house there. And that was so much fun. I mean there if you don't live in a house that's at least seventy-five to hundred years old you know you're just nobody practically. And that was really that was a good experience for me to learn a lot of discipline. And uh was considered typical for that area. So uh it was quite a change for me to come to a house like that now that's just you know a very square little box. And you know there's not a whole lot you can do with it. But uh anyway. Living in the city has some advantages. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> If given the choice I'm getting out. Oh really. Well I have lived in a small town for you know. This this town was like less than ten thousand people. And it was about sixty miles south of Dallas. And you know I didn't move out of there until I was you know twenty-seven. And that was just you know. So I love the big city. You know I had lived in a rural area for for so long. So I've enjoyed it. But uh it can it can get kind of tough. It's like a rat race sometimes. That's just something I'll never adapt to. I don't I don't want to be a part of the rat race. I want to be basically just kind of left alone. Yeah. <SEP> If I want to sit around and mess with my garden I'll mess with my garden. Yeah. If I want to work in the flower beds. Yeah. It sounds like you enjoy working outside as well. I I. <SEP> Very much. Yeah. I really do enjoy that. But I haven't planted anything yet. Or you know I usually have gotten flowers coming out the gazoo. But I I haven't done that yet. I've had finals this week. So uh you know I'm just kind of trying to trying to stick in with that. Huh-uh. But uh since that's over with now maybe I can I can get this yard in shape. Do you do a lot of gardening? <SEP> Uh landscaping is more than the gardening. Yeah. In the garden I've got my beans peas. Yeah. <SEP> I've got some onions out tomatoes. Yeah. I'm not real sure what they're going to do this year. I never have much luck with tomatoes. I do plant a lot of beans because it seems like the uh bugs get on them so easily. And I have a real problem with anything like pesticides or anything like that. So the only thing that I use is soap. I water you know spray the plants because they say supposedly that will keep the bugs off them. But uh I don't have luck with that tomato plant. So I hate to spray them with anything. Um what do you do? Do you have any tips you could give me? <SEP> Um my favorite one is putting on the um tomato plant is to put uh dust. Yeah. Yeah. And that stuff has been around since the beginning of time. That's true. That's true. My dad is a farmer. So I've heard him talk about that forever. I guess it works. But um you have to really wash your vegetables after that. So it won't make you sick. Let's see what else do you do to your house? <SEP> Well I've done some rewiring on it. Yeah. Eventually if we stay here I'm going to have to rewire the entire house. Oh really. Do you plan on like adding any rooms or. You have enough space. You could probably do that. Or is it. <SEP> I've talked about adding at least one more room and definitely adding another bath on. Yeah. I would think so if you only have one bathroom for three bedrooms. That's tough. Do you not like have a half bath. Not even a half bath. Yeah. Yeah. That's rough. The house that I used to live in had one bath and a half. And that was even just with two people. That was a pain. <SEP> The only thing that saves it with the schedule I work and the schedule my wife works we're getting ready to go to work at totally different times. So that. It's not like we're tripping over each other in the morning. That's good. Really. That could account for a lot of marital problems. I think. <SEP> You get to know each other very well if you have to share a bathroom. It doesn't work if you're trying to shave and she's trying to put her eyeliner on. And you're both fighting over the mirror. No. <SEP> That's right. It does not make for a happy situation. That's true. Well do you have any children? I've got one. One child. And they enjoy where they're living? <SEP> We'll. He's nine months old. Oh so he doesn't know right. I guess he's a big help out in your garden. Right. He likes to dig around a little bit. His mother comes in and says why did you let him play in the dirt. <SEP> I guess he's enjoying himself. That's right. It's healthy. Why not. Yeah. He was eating the dirt. I wouldn't worry about it. No. It won't hurt them. I was a big dirt eater supposedly when I was a child. And I turned out okay. <SEP> So don't worry about it. Just let him enjoy himself. So you think that you want to move away from the big city uh? Well that's what I've always. I was raised up in a town that was about ten thousand people. Yeah. So you're just the opposite from me. You want to go back to that uh. <SEP> After we got married we moved ended up moving to the Houston area. Yeah. Yeah. So are you from Texas? Yeah. You are. So it's not you know. That's true. Houston in itself is a pretty tough place.
sw3242.txt:Well how did you like that topic? Uh I don't know. I've got mixed feelings about the topic. Do you? I don't. <SEP> No. Okay. No. I'm pretty opinionated about that and many other things as you well know. I agree with it. I think uh I think a company should be able to test at any any employee any time they see fit. Well. I just I just don't think there's a place in our environment you know in the work force for drugs or alcohol either. <SEP> Well I don't believe in drugs or alcohol. But if you'll remember when the teachers had to take the T CAT they were talking about drug testing us. Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we were laughing that we'd have to go to that examination to prove we could read and write with a specimen of urine. Uh-huh. And we found it belittling. You did? <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. Well I can sort of understand that uh. But not being a teacher as you are you know I I was not quite as sympathetic as you know as I probably would have been if if Kay were a teacher or something. That's true. But uh. <SEP> But then you know at the same token I'm not against. Because I look at airline pilots bus drivers you know people that really have other peoples' lives in their hands truck drivers. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's right. That's right. <SEP> It's supposed to be a huge problem with truck drivers using drugs and alcohol. Uh that's right. And I think it is a big problem with them using drugs from what you read you know. <SEP> And. But uh. You know in those areas I really you know do believe that maybe we should clean up our you know house. Yeah. I think so too. <SEP> I I agree with it. Uh I know Kay's company you know. They started it couple of years ago. And so many of the people even the professional people were boy they were so against them doing that you know. And I thought Jeez to me it's quite simple. Uh you either need a job or you don't. The the job is what provides all of your needs. And uh if they say Hey you can't do this work I'd say Hey I agree I don't I won't do that. And I think most of them have agreed to that now although they didn't like it at first. Yeah. I think it's just like anything else a new concept you know. As I said if I have to go to a testing area with my urine specimen I was insulted. Yeah. It is. I can see where you would think. Yeah. That is belittling you know I'd probably feel the same way if I had to do that. <SEP> But at the same token in education we can't do drug random drug testing on kids. Yeah. That's true. You know I mean their rights are protected. You bet. Oh gosh they they would really raise a stink if that was to happen. <SEP> What. Well but why if you're going to do teachers or professionals why not do the kids when we see them and they're you know under the influence. <SEP> Right. Yes. I agree with that. I I I wouldn't be opposed to it at all. It's just our bleeding heart liberals that would fight it to- tooth and nail you know. That's true. But uh well Lynn I've enjoyed talking with you. I don't know how long we're supposed to carry on a conversation do you? <SEP> It's three minutes. And the clicker comes in when it's time to. Oh well we'd better keep talking because I've not heard it have we. Yeah. Have you heard it? <SEP> No. Anyway we both sort of agree on it don't we about random testing. Well do we agree or unless it's not me. <SEP> Well listen. You know here we go again I mean. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah you know. If you agree that uh. I believe that truck drivers and people that have. Even though teachers have other kids lives in their hands and if they come in stoned or they come in drunk. Yeah. <SEP> And there was an incident in my children's high school where a teacher stayed drunk. Is that right? Uh-huh. You just don't think of that happening with teachers. <SEP> And he. I really don't. When I think of drug testing I'm thinking of the you know outside of education. Uh well no. You know we are as susceptible a society as anybody else. Sure sure. <SEP> I know that. But uh you don't think of that first hand normally. And uh. <SEP> Yeah. Well did you hear on the news where the teacher of the year was up for child molestation. Isn't that isn't that mind boggling. <SEP> It was on the news tonight. Goodness. It it is it's mind bog- you know well you know. I agree with you. I know teachers are just like everybody else same problems the same uh good qualities as anybody else. Yeah. <SEP> Then I think you know if if it came push came to shove I'd probably be drug tested you know. Yeah. Yeah. Because it does you know. You you think the benefit would be greater than the. <SEP> Yeah. Because you know as I say I'm sitting there fussing and fussing. And yet I know of you know one teacher who was an alcoholic in school as well as you know I presume out. Uh-huh. And that was in your children's high school. <SEP> Uh-huh. Isn't that amazing. And you know my children brought it to my attention. I never was there to see it. If it if it's if it was true there I'm sure it's true with just about probably to some degree every school there is. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know because they represent a pretty good. <SEP> And that's not giving a good example to students. No. Certainly not. Certainly not. They don't need that example. But.
sw2566.txt:Okay. Do you have any children? No. I don't. <SEP> You don't. Do you? Yes. I have uh one. A five year old daughter. <SEP> Uh-huh. Did you ever have her in child care? Yes. I do. She was um at a private well. I stayed off work with her for little over of a year when she was born. Uh-huh. And then I had her at a private sitter for I guess two two and a half years after that. <SEP> And how did you choose that sitter? Um she was referred to me by a couple of people. And she turned out to be wonderful. I couldn't have asked for anything better I don't think. Yeah. I didn't want to s- send her straight to a day care. <SEP> Right. And even though she was that old I still didn't want her to go to a day care. Yeah. And this lady you would think it was her own. <SEP> Really? Yeah. She's real good. It's hard to find people like that. Yes. It is. And um now I have got her in a Montessori school. <SEP> Uh-huh. And she's really really doing good and learning a lot. And actually I've started working up there in the afternoons too. So. Oh yeah. <SEP> Well that's neat. Y-. Well yeah. I guess. I'm going to quit as soon as school the school season's over. But uh I really enjoyed being with her up there. I hate it for her. She has to stay that much longer. Yeah. But. <SEP> Do they have classes for them during the summer too? Yeah. They they go f- uh year-round uh teach them. Huh. Now in the summer they have like a lot of field trips. <SEP> Yeah. There's a field trip just about every day if they want to go on one and stuff like that. It's a lot more lax. But but they still go through all their uh curriculum as usual. What kind of questions did you ask about the private sitter before you took her over there? Um gosh. I ca-. My husband and I both went. We kind of give her the third degree. <SEP> Uh good. I'm glad to hear that. Yeah. Well we went over to her house. So we told her you know pro-. Well we didn't tell her we just told here we'd be over that day. We didn't tell her when. So that way I didn't think y- you know the house would be y- you know cleaned or anything for me specifically. <SEP> Yeah. Right. And um she had a daughter. And I want to say her daughter was like six or seven right around first second grade. And um at the time she kept anoth- one other child um about a four year old I believe. But it was only like a part-time basis. So we went over there. And we questioned her about what she fed them and um what she did with them during the day and um you know just how she treated them how how her daughter was with the children when her daughter got home from school and stuff like that. <SEP> Yeah. And uh we really seem to be pleased with her. And um. Did you did you introduce your daughter to her before you made your decision? Yes. <SEP> Oh yes. And she still loves her to death. I mean when they see each other you know they just love each other to death. And she literally spent almost the entire amount that I paid her on my daughter. Either making her clothes or buying her things. <SEP> Really? Yeah. <SEP> So we're real real lucky. But aft- uh. So she stayed with her about roughly two years. And she um she had to go back to work. They had some other expenses that came up. So she had to go I guess get a real job. Yeah. Get a real job full time. Yeah. So uh. <SEP> So what made you decide to put her in a Montessori school? Well I checked a lot of places out you know the Kinder Cares and the stuff like that. Uh-huh. Yeah. And uh I live in Garland. <SEP> And there's this Montessori school that's nearby. And um it had been recommended by some friends of ours. But uh it it's an older place. And so I uh checked out all the new places that were near us. And then I checked that place out. And uh even though it was older it was it was real comfortable and I guess kind of homey. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And they didn't just play all day long. You know. Like I noticed a lot of these other schools that I went and interviewed on or interviewed at um they did a lot of play work and stuff. And then they. Almost all of them had a Montessori section. Huh. And I thought well gosh that must be pretty good you know if everybody's trying to incorporate a little bit of it into into their school. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And they made sure they pointed it out you know. But after I looked at this place and I took Randi with me uh I think just about to every place. One place I think I didn't take her. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I just kind of let her go see see what she felt like doing. Yeah. And that place boy. If somebody came and she liked them and she went outside with them and it's hard to drag her away. <SEP> So I felt more comfortable at that place. That's the true test. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And she was real comfortable. And she has really really done good. I I. It's hard to tell how much has been that or how much is just her. <SEP> Yeah. But she seems to me to be you know pretty quick and smart. And she's already reading and writing and stuff like that. That's good. And she just turned five last month. <SEP> Huh that is good then. So. Yeah. I think so. I mean I didn't want to rush school at her the whole time. But. Exactly. <SEP> No. Especially we're going to spend the next eighteen years in school. Exact-. I wanted to quit my job so I could stay home with her the next five months because I know she's going to have to face that. <SEP> <SEP> Yeah. Really. And oh my God. Here we go you know. That's right. I just hate that. But anyway. So you don't have any children. Do you have any l- nieces or nephews then? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I have a nephew. He's a little brat. He goes to a really crummy day school. My sister's not real bright. So but he he's always sick. I mean he has always got some kind of cold or something. Oh really? Oh. <SEP> And I don't know. I don't think this place is a very good place for him. It's just kind of convenient. And she's the kind that goes for convenience over anything else. Oh really. Just easy to get them there and stu-. <SEP> Yeah. Exactly. Well that's a shame. <SEP> Yeah. I don't think she checks things out very well. Which really surprises me. Oh really? That's scary. <SEP> It is scary. Yeah. Yeah. I w- I was petrified. I know. <SEP> I would be too. I mean that's uh. I don't know. That's just it. And that's why I don't mind paying more. Yeah. Um I don't know. I just feel m-. <SEP> Too many horror stories out there that you know. Yes. And that's one reason I like working up there a little bit is because I know what's really going on. <SEP> Oh yeah. That's right. I think that's an ideal situation. Because you don't know uh. Because like at her school um as soon as you drive up it's got like a circular type drive. They sit. And they have car callers. And and some kid goes out and gets the kid. And it's time to go. <SEP> Yeah. Huh. Well at first that always kind of bothered me. I mean not bothered me. But I thought well you know I'd like to see what she's doing you know. <SEP> Yeah. But now that I'm there I mean it's it's a lot more convenient because there's so many kids that doddle. You know when their parents come. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it's hard to get them out. And a lot of parents have places to go and and things like that. That's right. And it's late at night. So you know now it doesn't bother me at all. But. <SEP> Is that where the. Over there off of like. I'm not sure what the street is. Is it off of near Country Club. Yeah. And all. Sixty-six. That one that's set back in the woods? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> I I I've seen the signs. That's it. But I've never actually seen the place itself you know. Yeah. <SEP> It's pretty set far back off the road. Right. Right. It w-. And that's something I like too. <SEP> Yeah. Because a lot of those places are like you know the one over here on seventy-eight Skaggs. Definitely. <SEP> Uh-huh. That little Kinder Care whatever it is? Yeah. You know it's right there on. Which this is on a highway too. But it's set back enough to. <SEP> Right. Yeah. There's a difference. I'm scared I would be scared to death my child might accidentally get out. Or or if that seems like a real accessible place to where you could you know go in and get one. <SEP> Uh-huh. Ye-. <SEP> Yep. That's right. Or you know or a car accident. Yeah. And that was one of the places I had checked out. <SEP> Yeah. And it was it it was brand new when I checked it out. And of course it was beautiful and clean and smelled wonderful in there. Yeah. But you know I that. <SEP> I didn't base everything on that. <SEP> No. Because that all wears off. That's right. That's exactly right. You get some kids in there. And it's over quick. <SEP> Yep. But um I've been real pleased knock on wood. I'm scared to death her going to public school. <SEP> Really? I don't know. I w-. I do know why because you know d- drugs and everything else. I would be too. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And they talk about how soon they start that. <SEP> Yeah. And that scares me. I know. It is scary. I mean you're just with them. <SEP> Do they teach them in school right now where she's at about drugs? Yeah. They've um they've had police officers come in and talk to them about it. Good. But of course they still have no concept of what in the world drugs are you know. <SEP> Right. Right. But. <SEP> And what to do when they're faced with it. Right. But I just think of her you know. Next year she's going to be five six years old in kindergarten in same school with you know uh I guess ten year olds. Isn't that six sixth sixth grade you know. Yeah. And that's a big gap. <SEP> It is. And that's uh that I can honestly see the peer pressure there. Uh-huh. And that just terrifies me to death. And stuff. <SEP> Oh I can see it too. Those kids getting snatched. And I'm I'm probably a little too over protective. <SEP> Uh-huh. But Well nowadays you have to be. Nothing wrong with that. <SEP> Yes. You do. If. I don't I don't think there's anything wrong with that. So I at first thought you know when I didn't have kids. I was going God how can you be so protective? You know. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it's easy now. Uh-huh. Now you understand. Yeah. Definitely. <SEP> That's what I'm thinking what your mom and dad always used to say when you have kids of your own you'll understand. That's exactly right. And I do. <SEP> Uh-huh. But anyway. Well are you ever are you b- are you are you married? Yes. Are y'all planning on having kids? Or. <SEP> Yeah. We'd like to. Well that's good. Yeah. Because they're really neat. It's just.
sw3195.txt:Uh what i- what is your practice as far as budgeting? Do you manage the money? Well I we talk about it. But I'm usually the one that sits down and puts the pencil to the paper and and tries to somehow make the ends meet which uh. Oh I see. That's how kind of I am too. Are you married? <SEP> Um yes. You are. Yes. I think the women for the most part end up managing the money. My husband always says he earns it and I have to spend only what he earns. It. <SEP> I don't mind the spending. It's just that trying to trying to get what you need out of out of what you have. That seems to be our challenge. Well I don't work outside of the home. And he always threatens that when I spend more than what's coming in I have to go back to work. <SEP> I see. So I I manage it. Well I'm I'm at home also. So it does get rather interesting trying to survive on one salary uh. Now do you actually follow a budget? <SEP> Well we pretty well do. Um several years we didn't. And we found that we just weren't making the most of what we had. And so we we um set aside a certain amount each week that goes for things that have to be paid for you know. Just our bills. And then what's left we divvy up. We try to save a little bit although we're not always successful. And then the rest of it just goes for normal weekly needs. Well that's pretty much the way we do um or we did in the past. I would say. Uh. At this point our children are grown. And so I really don't have the obligations there any more that we have to balance to you know get things together for them. Yeah. <SEP> Right. And I really just keep very good records. And most of our expenses are fairly the same every month with the exception of utilities and things like that. And I try to keep my MasterCards and things paid currently. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh I don't always succeed at that. I usually keep one with a low interest rate. And I put things on there that I think I'm not going to get to. Right. And then I have another one. But for the most part our mortgage and our utilities at this point we're in a new home and uh they take a pretty big chunk compared to what they used to. <SEP> Yeah. So I'm still getting used to that. But we make sure that we just do not buy unless we really can see how we're going to pay for it ahead. Right. And we do not buy us new cars. Uh do you get into car. <SEP> Well we had new cars um always until about four years ago. My husband um owned his own company. And it went under. And so we could no longer afford that monthly payment. And now it just seems just such a large amount of money to spend that that we do have a used car. Well he has a company car also. But for our personal car we have a used car. Um do you think that it's wiser to buy used? We do for us very much so. In fact we are in a position that most of our friends why wonder why we just don't go to a new car you know whatever. And I said look you guys are all into car payments. Right. We haven't had car payments for so many years. I love it this way. And recently we just created the laugh among everyone because we had a car that we really liked. And it has eighty-two thousand miles on it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we were kept saying wouldn't it be great if we could find another one just like it. Believe it or not we did we found one one newer. <SEP> Oh no. The worst part is it's the same color. Uh-huh. And so everybody's saying you're kidding you have two cars the same. <SEP> And I said you know how when you have a bad one you say never again. That's right. I said well we had one and we found one with just seventeen thousand miles on it. <SEP> Wow. And it's an eighty-five. And so I said Hey this was a cinch. We paid for the car. And we still know now that we have this car to put all the miles on. Right. This is for all the long running back and forth on you know interstate driving and things. And we intend to replace our other one with a much newer car in the next couple of years or next year probably. <SEP> Do you um buy from dealers or from individuals? Generally from dealers. And uh it depends because I don't like to sell what we're trading in to an individual uh unless we we have done that when we had a really good one that we wanted to sell. Right. <SEP> Right. You know we were going up to a larger one. But we have found that by trading in and going through a dealer and we always make a deal. I mean we have walked out of more dealerships saying don't bring us the manager and all of that unless you want to bring him right away. You're going to get one shot at us. Yeah. We will you know. And they say Well you're kidding you know. I s-. No. <SEP> This is the price we're going to give you out the door. We don't want to hear about taxes.
sw2653.txt:So I own a a P C A T at my home. Uh-huh. I could never justify owning a personal computer at home uh. I mean that's quite an expense to look for uh. Well who is this. What do you use yours at home for? Well that's actually a good question. My wife works out of the home our home. She has an office. And in fact she sits in the office. And she uses it to compose and print out letters. <SEP> Okay. Well now. So that's a very regular use of it that she has. Uh-huh. And in addition to that I tinker around with it. I'm a computer scientist. <SEP> Oh. And so I write programs to do little things. I'm actually working on a data base at home just to keep track of things nothing special. And also I'm interested in writing some programs that will kind of like remind me of things like remind me that Wednesdays is trash day and the like. Uh huh well excuse me I uh uh well I'm a technician electronics tech. Years ago T I sent me to their uh computer school down in Austin. Uh-huh. <SEP> So uh I learned to repair one. But you know I never really learned to operate one. Oh that's a key thing. Well actually that's a. There's really two issues to that that there's so many software packages available today. That just require no programming. Yes. So that yo-. In other words when someone built that software packet they had to use the programming. But if they were careful they could make the use of it totally without understanding how the computer works. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I think you you really hit the nail on the head. For the average person is exactly what he can use it for. And if your wife isn't working out of the home and sending letters. Or if you don't want to build a data base to keep track of the nuts and bolts in your garage. Whatever. There your issue is then there really. Well uh space is a handicap with me. I live in a motor home. Oh I see. Well. <SEP> And I'm preparing for retirement. I see. Well congratulations on that. And I'm not to far from it another year and a half. Yeah. Well actually one other thing I might ought to mention is that they are actually getting quite cheap. <SEP> Yes. Definitely. But just like the computers. Uh-huh. Uh remember how they started out running three four hundred dollars. Right. Oh the calculators you mean. <SEP> I mean ca- calculators. I beg your pardon. Yeah. They sure do. Yeah. I actually was thinking about upgrading mine very recently and kind of look at the whole spectrum. You can actually buy a whole brand new computer with a not not a necessarily a slow one or inadequate one but a pretty good one for six hundred dollars. You're kidding. No. <SEP> Including a printer? Well actually I wasn't including a printer. But you you can buy a printer now for a hundred dollars. So make it seven hundred. A hundred? Yeah. <SEP> Wholly smoke. A respectable one? Yes. Uh-huh. Well see of not being particularly interested I don't keep track of prices on them. But I'm I'm that does amaze me. Yeah. The prices had plummeted. You can buy the computer the guts just the guts with the power supply the box and the mother board of a type of computer called an eighty eighty-eight for about two hundred dollars. <SEP> Uh-huh. Huh. And then the keyboard is another fifty. The monitor with the card that drives is another hundred. And then the disk drive is two fifty. <SEP> Well what what is a a good brand a inexpensive. Well that's that's the deal is you're not buying brands now. You're buying these knock offs. So there's. Probably the way to do it if you really wanted to buy one is there's a magazine called COMPUTER SHOPPER. Uh-huh. It's a big magazine. It's twelve inches acro- narrow the narrow side and seventeen inches the tall side. <SEP> Oh wow. And it's probably an inch thick a thousand pages. But the book is the magazine is full of these mail order computer mail-order houses. And they're all competing with each. Uh-huh. So you just flip through there until you find a eighty eighty-eight computer. That that's called it's the original P C. So it's. We call the T I I'm sorry an I B M P C compatible. And you'll find all these things and you'll find the monitors forty dollars and the card that drives the monitor that goes in the back of the board for twenty-five dollars which is amazing to me. <SEP> Uh. And you mix and match. And then you do it by mail-order. But there's no real brands. It's probably a half a dozen companies around the world that are making those mother boards the main computer the circuit board. I see. How do you go about getting one of those a catalogs? They're available in you know the B Daltons that that type of thing. <SEP> Uh-huh. You'll notice that in that it's it's a it's a although it's a magazine it's large. And like I said it's about an inch thick. Uh-huh. Well getting back to the P C -s. I'll tell you. I ya. First of all I don't like a machine that's smarter than me. <SEP> And secondly I did learn this much about computers. They they are pretty stupid because they add one and one up and come up with ten. In binary. That's right. There's great. <SEP> Well anyway that's one ever my favorite jokes. Oh yeah. One and one equals ten. Yeah. That's great. <SEP> Course it's it's kind of an inside joke you know. Yeah. You can only tell that to somebody who understands binary. I understand. That's great. That's a good joke. <SEP> So what. Do you uh uh work with a computers a at T I? I did for years. And then I was a scientist over in central research labs. And just recently I've changed my job to actually do some of the marketing. Uh-huh. Uh now I I type that one. But I don't use it anymore. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well I just recently started using one. In connection with my work. Uh-huh. Yes. <SEP> Uh I keep track of an inventory here. Uh-huh. And of course now that is where a computer is very handy. Yes. I agree. <SEP> And well I it's my responsibility to see that equipment is sent off to be calibrated. Oh yeah. See I'm with the Q R A lab. Qualification and evaluation. Oh I see. That's fascinating. <SEP> So naturally our equipment has to be in top condition and is constantly calibrated. Uh-huh. And they're dated. So I have to keep up with them uh. And and it's very handy doing it on the computer. Yeah. <SEP> I just run a printout every week. And and it puts me right up-to-date what I'm what I have to do what I have to ship what I should be expecting to be returned. Uh-huh. So a. It it is handy. Right. <SEP> And I must admit that up until I did start using one uh it was I had very little interest in computers. Yes. But they are amazing. Yeah. They certainly are. So let's see see. So I guess with respect to the question. Yeah. I guess we've kind of covered it. <SEP> I think we did. Great. Nice little conversation with you Jack. Yeah. Mike you take care now. Good day. <SEP> Good luck to you. Thank you. Same to you.
sw3315.txt:Hello? Hi. Hi. My name is Leslie. <SEP> Hi. I'm Jennifer. And where are you from? Pennsylvania. Oh nice. I'm from Dallas Texas. <SEP> Oh really? Yeah. So. Oh that's neat. Well did you understand what this was for you know what it was for what we. <SEP> Uh television shows? Yeah. Sure. That sounds good. Okay. I I don't watch too many. But we can try it. <SEP> Okay. Are you ready to start? Sure am. Okay. Just a minute. <SEP> Okay. I guess we're recording now. Yeah. Okay. What are your favorite television shows? Well I don't really watch too many T V shows other than uh occasionally I'll I'll turn on DONAHUE because it comes on in the morning when I seem to be getting ready around here. <SEP> Oh really? And uh so if if there's no one else around you know it's just me and I have a chance to listen to something I'll turn that on but uh just for the for the conversation factor I think. But and then I think I enjoy when I catch it I don't even know what night it's on but DESIGNING WOMEN sometimes. Oh I love that show. Yeah. Do you? <SEP> Yes. That is great. Yeah. It's fun. And then there's a new one that started out that I've caught occa- a couple of times called GOOD AND EVIL I think. Oh I heard they just canceled that. Oh really? <SEP> I read in today's paper they just canceled that show. It is a real different one. It's uh it's it's different. I guess I watch it more out of the uniqueness of it and the time that it comes on more than the fact that I have to see it. But. <SEP> Have you seen the show it's it's new this year called HOME FRONT? No. I haven't watched that. Oh it's it's really good. It's uh I think it's on like Tuesday nights from ten to eleven. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it's set in post World War Two times. And it's about how the servicemen come home and readjust to civilian life here and the changes everyone's going through. It's really interesting. Oh yeah. It's kind of like a s- a nighttime soap opera type thing. Sounds neat. <SEP> It is it's a good it's really well written. Yeah. Is that on what chan- what station? Uh I don't even know to tell you the truth. Oh okay. What other shows do you like? <SEP> Uh I prefer OPRAH WINFREY to DONAHUE. Oh yeah. Well she comes on later. And I usually have kids around so I don't end end up watching that one is the only problem I have with it I guess. <SEP> Oh. I did watch soap operas. But I work full-time now and can't catch those anymore. Except when I'm home sick. Yeah. <SEP> And now when I watch them I think why did I ever watch those? That's right. They're stupid. Yeah. <SEP> So when I did watch them I was addicted to them every day. Uh-huh. But not anymore. That can happen. So do you know of any other shows in the even or something that you enjoy? <SEP> Oh uh tonight I'm looking forward to seeing GOLDEN GIRLS. Oh that's always fun. Yes. I like that show. Yeah. <SEP> And if I can stay up late enough I like to catch SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE every now and then. Oh uh-huh. And right now we're watching a Penn State football game because that's where we live. Oh yeah. <SEP> So. Uh-huh. It's exciting. We're winning. So that's really exciting. Yeah. Well I think. I also course like to catch the news during the evening hours. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh it's a little tough because that's when I'm usually making dinner and the kids are wanting to talk all at the same time. So usually I don't get a whole lot of news watching in. <SEP> Yes. We watch C N N in morning while we're getting ready for the day and eating breakfast. Uh-huh. We'll catch our news that way. Watch the weather channel so that we know what the weather's going to be like. Yeah. Yeah. So what have you seen interesting on OPRAH WINFREY lately? <SEP> Lately I haven't been catching it because of my work schedule. Uh-huh. Uh I can't remember the last time I saw it. It's been a while. Yeah. Well I don't know if we've talked our full three minutes or not. <SEP> I don't know. Sometimes they come on and and say. Oh that's right. Well today on C N N they were talking about something like this about uh learning to recognize voices and words and stuff and the research that's going on which is kind of what we're doing helping them get a data base for words. Um yeah. <SEP> It was really interesting. It is interesting. So. Do you work for Texas Instruments? No. No. Just uh doing this as a fund-raiser for our church. <SEP> Oh that's nice. Yeah. So it kind of makes it easy you know to do a little something for it. Sure. Because we uh we've talked to a lot of people from Texas it seems. And we thought well maybe they work from for Dallas.
sw2743.txt:Okay. Hi Norma. Hi. Have you taken anything back lately uh that you've bought? <SEP> Well the only thing we've taken back recently are plants. Shrubbery that were guaranteed. Well why? And we had no problem with it. Very good. <SEP> We got our mo- got our money back. Good. Well wh- do you think that uh consumer goods goods are generally getting better or worse in quality? Well I believe they're better. I do too. I believe about ten years ago that we went through a terrible time. But I don't. I I believe that they're better now. You know wh-. <SEP> I think so. I don't think they're shoddy not as shoddy. Electrical appliances I think are pretty good r- reliable. However I didn't like it very well when the transmission went out on my car with sixty-three thousand miles on it. Right. And I don't like it very well if when my electric blanket that was only one year old went out at uh on one side. <SEP> Oh did you return it? No. I had moved away. No. Uh-huh. I had taken the first one back. I didn't think that it heated well enough. It never did get anything but just moderately warm. Took it back. And uh the people told me well that's the way it's supposed to be. And I fell for it. And uh when I got this one it did a lit- it heated a little bit warmer. And then after one year it started heating only on one side. <SEP> Huh. So either you or your husband can be warm but not both. Also I took an iron back after having it only one year. Oh. Now I figure th- uh anybody that is dumb enough to iron needs to have an iron that will last a long time. And one year of ironing only once a week is not long enough for it to last. <SEP> No. Huh-uh. Did they replace it? Well without even any question. But I think it was the store. Uh-huh. Wal-Mart. <SEP> Wal-Mart. I was going to say it must have been Wal-Mart. Yes. And uh well have you been buying any clothes lately? Any new clothes? <SEP> I haven't bought any new clo-. Well the last thing I bought was a dress last Summer. And the buttons turned on it ove- over the winter. The buttons tarnished slightly. And I have not gone back about it. That was poor quality I think. I think it is too. And it was an expensive dress. I wondered if it weren't expensive. <SEP> Yes. It was. And they should have put buttons on it that would last forever. That's right. That's what I think too. And one belt loop the wo- uh you know like the chain link chain belt loop half of it raveled out. Yes. <SEP> And that was I believe a Leslie Faye dress. And it was I think over a hundred dollars. You spent that much on your dresses? Yeah. I don't usually. But I did that one. You're really divulging very personal information. <SEP> But I think it should have been better than that for that money is what I mean. Oh of course I do too. Well I believe that we've been talking about five minutes. Okay. I think so. And Norma it is just wonderful to talk to you. <SEP> Good talking to you too. I've enjoyed it. You are a good one to talk about consumer goods because you keep up on it all the time. Well we'll be talking to you later. Bye bye. <SEP> Bye bye.
sw2998.txt:Um what do you think the major cause of air pollution or at least in the Boston areas. Well the the the major cause it seems up here is exc-. I live right on the ocean. So it's kind of hard for me to tell what would happen if I lived in some of the valleys inland. Uh-huh. <SEP> But the major cause here and we always seem to and it seems to be validated by the press is the car pollution. We don't have too much industrial pollution. Yeah. Yeah. Uh car pollution seems to be the one and only thing that that I can really put my finger on here. Um that isn't the same in the Washington area because we don't have any major um industry except for uh government and services. And the the transportation situation is such that uh all the car pollution is is absolutely awful. Um also the worth of the hub of three airports. In this general area there is uh National Dulles and then uh Baltimore Washington. And it. Interestingly some of the information I've been reading indicates that the amount of air pollution from uh uh airplanes is extraordinary. <SEP> Is that so? Yeah. I didn't know that. And that's always something that you know you just don't real you don't think about. <SEP> Well most people talk about the noise pollution from airplanes rather than the air pollution. But the uh. Apparently the air pollution and the fact that it's delivered right up in high altitudes is a very significant factor. Yeah. <SEP> I would think so. You know uh i- I guess it talked about all types of pollution. I happen to r- just read something the other day at least in the Boston paper there were three things that that come to note. One is that the carbon fluorides that are uh being released into the atmosphere are causing even a larger hole in the southern hemisphere in the ozone layer. And again. And now they've located another one or la- rather an expanding one in the northern hemisphere. So car-. So I'm quite concerned. I don't think it's involved any longer with with uh hair sprays or those th-. Yeah. Yeah. No. I think it's now is what uh from what I understand it's air conditioning units. And and we certainly turned into an air conditioned society. Uh-huh. <SEP> Society has especially recently. <SEP> Yeah. I know in Florida there's no place you go that isn't air conditioned. And I do quite a bit of business in Washington. And. I mean you know what it's like here. Oh yeah. It's quite. Is is the un-. It's really out of the norm not to find something that isn't air conditioned. And. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> And I guess refrigerators are the same way. We just had the. They release that. That's right. So solutions to this would be. <SEP> Yeah. I I. Well. You know improved. Well I guess the fur- the to me the first thing is I wish society would get as upset about this as you do get getting people upset about animal rights. <SEP> Yeah. I mean this is so so basic. It's human rights in the sense. But uh in terms of demanding it's just not caused. But demanding that uh we can spend so much money on certain things but that research really be directed toward um improvement of polluting vehicles and not just cars but also buses um planes. That something can be done. I me- I can't imagine that well. Well I I th-. If we can't send people to the moon that we can't improve these things. <SEP> Yeah. No. I think that it can be done simply because uh uh we've we've. Every car now in America that's been produced for the past fifteen years has what they call a catalytic converter. Converter. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> And no lead gas was came to the pumps. And and that's been done. There's the lead pollution has that problem essentially I guess because it was at crisis proportions was was licked. Uh-huh. And I think that there are th- there are solutions. And that for buses. <SEP> Certainly we don't even need a need a research anymore. It's just a matter of passing the law. And passing the law depends on how heavy the car industry the automobile lobby is. That's right. Well and also to make it economically feasible. Uh and per- ti- also in buses. That's right. That's right. I don't know if you ever got caught in a traffic jam behind a bus. <SEP> Oh yeah well. That you know. That that the the smell is awful. And but you know I was reading the other day not to go on with this but that diesel fumes actually have less pollutants in them than gasoline fumes. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So I guess you're better off sitting behind a bus than a car although I can never I could never uh really a- a- rationalize that while I was sitting there. Yeah. But even of course in the longer term just to get away from fossil fuels. <SEP> Yeah. I mean I'm I'm thinking of research in that direction rather than. We we've taken the intermediate step. But I don't think fossil fuels are the answer. Well we you know. <SEP> Up here in New England uh where I've. Right close to where I live is the Seabrook Nucleus site which is practically a you know guerilla war up here went on for years. Uh-huh. Yes. I me-. <SEP> Uh my daughters marched in the uh uh against the Seabrook. And I kind of uh. My feelings were that we needed this bridge to to uh to m- m- jump from whatever it was going to be from fossil fuel to whatever it was going to be. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. You don't throw the baby out with the bath water and condemning nuclear use. Yeah. <SEP> Un- unfortunately though I think the oil companies have lied to us for years. Yeah. Yeah. So we really don't know whether there's enough fossil fuel left. Or there isn't. And uh and uh. But with the pollution issue uh fossil fuel is not the way to go anyway. <SEP> No. Uh so you've to lo- you've got to look elsewhere. Yeah. So uh but it is something that's a little frightening. And in fact well I. Within our family we have said. My husband. I have two sons uh well. One is already in college in New England. <SEP> Yeah. And the other will be going in September. And we just feel that when we leave uh this area w- we're going north not south. Yes. Uh I like the mentality north. And I also like the fresher air up there. <SEP> That's right. So I mean that's the way we will be going. Yeah. But um so I i- I'd be interested in having spoken with somebody also from the far west on this issue to see how they their attitudes are. <SEP> Well since since Texas and Louisiana and uh California that in that ranking order the worst pollutants in America. Uh-huh. I mean I read that the other day. I mean Louisi- Louisiana for a small state w- it was amazing. But it's the industrial pollution I should imagine. Uh-huh. <SEP> And California seems to be taking steps. I mean you you read about the the fairly fairly stiff laws they put in on cars now they're they're enforcing. The smog and. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> But uh again uh that didn't occur without a crisis. Nothing will occur I guess without a crisis. I mean even California was notorious for its smog years ago before it even was an issue out here. Yeah. Exactly. <SEP> Exactly. Well the greatest thing that happened to pollution in the last couple of years as far as I'm concerned is the no smoking rules on airplanes and in restaurants. <SEP> And it it really is a pleasure for me although I guess smokers don't think that. But that to me was pollution. Well that that's that's person- that's personal air pollution. <SEP> That was its most personal personal uh pollution that I can think of. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Well I I d- definitely advance that. Well listen I enjoyed speaking with you. <SEP> Surely. And let's hope some there are other people that feel the same way. Something happen. Right on. Thank you. You're welcome. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2163.txt:Okay. Okay. I was trying to get my children quiet for a minute. <SEP> Okay. Well credit cards boy that's an easy topic. Ye- Yes. Isn't it. <SEP> It is. It's one we all hold dear and near I'm sure. Oh yes. Yes. I guess I've had some good experience and some bad experience with them. Yeah. Most of mine's been pretty good although I'm I guess I'm like a lot of other people now. I'm trying to to pay off my credit cards. And and uh I've done pretty good at it. Yeah. Uh-huh. Well I do fairly good until I go in the store and I see something I want. You know not need want. <SEP> Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. There is a big difference. There's a big difference there. Yeah. Yeah. But most of mine that I use is strictly gasoline. <SEP> Yeah. Oh yeah. I I do that. I do that. But the rest like I said the rest of them I've been trying to to pay off and uh get back on a cash basis except for gas. Uh-huh. It's too easy to to run into the gas station. Oh it sure is especially when you work out of town and everything that way. <SEP> And. Uh-huh. At least that's for me. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So. But yeah. I've I've talked to some who's really had some bad experience. And kind of knock on wood I haven't yet not bad. <SEP> Yeah. Well that's. You know I just I'm just shocked at the end of the month to see what damage I have did. But I try to keep it pretty reasonable. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well I've been pretty lucky in that respect. I don't charge like I say I've I been trying to to not charge except for emergencies. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh so but I haven't really had any bad problems with credit cards. There's you know. They have uh wonderful features. They're there when you need them. You know like in emergencies or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. And then they have bad drawbacks too. I mean high interest. <SEP> Yeah. It's it's awfully easy. It's like paying twice. That's true. That's true. Yes. So. <SEP> I try to. I did switch to one uh sponsored by the credit union though. That seems to be a pretty low interest. Yeah compared to some of the other ones. Oh uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> And you don't have an annual fee there. And that helps. Oh yes. Uh we used to have you know like several. But right now we're just more or less at American Express you know. Uh-huh. And that way we can go ahead and pay it off when it comes in. <SEP> Yeah. That's one way to do it because that that forces you to pay for it instead of saying well I'll just pay on it this month. Yeah. Pay fifteen. Yeah. <SEP> And. Yes. I know. Yeah. Yeah. And when you pay fifteen dollars a month it sure takes a long time. <SEP> Takes a long time. That's right. It sure does. And now without the benefits of being able to deduct interest off off your income tax that's you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Of course it's been going down for a number of years. But this is the last year you can take anything. So. Uh-huh. Yeah. So. Well I've enjoyed talking to you. <SEP> Well I've enjoyed talking to you. And maybe we'll get to talk again. Okay. Okay. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.
sw3809.txt:Okay. You probably uh more up on this subject than I am. But the roles that women have played in the last pup- couple of year in our or couple of generations. That. <SEP> Right. Well they've entered the work force more uh you know since World War Two is when they started. You bet. And uh I think that that is you know very significant that the percentage of the work force today consists of such a high percent of women. You bet. You know where I've noticed it more I think is. I'm a traveling salesperson. And I have traveled most of my life. And I know just especially in the last oh ten years and really since. In the last half of dozen years I see more and more women traveling. <SEP> Right. You know as far as boarding planes and driving cars and calling on customers. I sell sporting goods. And even in our industry uh there was virtually really and truly no women as far as selling the type of things I sell. And even in the last five or six years boy we see more and more women being involved. And you know it's a it's a credit to them as far as how they're doing things. Yeah. The. You see more of that you see more of them uh leaving their children in the care of their husbands while they do travel too. You bet. <SEP> You know I I go to a I have a club that I belong to on Tuesday that. You know one of the girls travels quite extensively. And she says well my children have two parents. You know why not. You bet. That's sort of neat. So that that's a I think that's a change. And I think that's a change you're going to be seeing more of in the in the future people having that kind of attitude that the father's going to take more active role in child rearing. Sure. I think uh it's the age old thing. Every once in a while you read in the newspaper or you'll see it on T V or something where the discussion comes out that you know women are paid less than men. And they're and they're doing the same uh or carrying the same job responsibility. <SEP> Right. And you know I that's a very true statement. And it shouldn't uh it shouldn't be that way. You know. No. <SEP> That that I think should change will change in the near future also. I think so hope so. A-. It's been changing. It's been evolving. But there's still a an an inequality in the work forces or jobs. Absolutely. <SEP> It's you know. You know I've. And you hear some people say you know. Well he's a man. He he he needs that salary. Right. <SEP> Yeah. They forget. Also I think uh a good argument for that is in the area of politics you know. If a. A woman Congressman I'm sure makes as much as a man Congressman as and the same as a senator or whatever. Right. So they certainly uh they certainly deserve it all the way. But I guess just the most significant thing changed for me again as I mentioned was just in traveling. You see uh more and more ladies of all ages with briefcases and uh and in their business suits and and going. <SEP> And going. Yeah. Uh-huh. And I expect you're right in regards to having two parents now. That's a good a good statement. And I think if. In the future it's even going to be uh more noticeable and more significant. <SEP> Right. Yeah. I I think it will be. I think I well. An- another thing I read too the other day. This is not just for working women. But how much they're out there I guess is. The car designers uh are starting to design cars with women in mind. Uh because in the past the male bought the cars. But now they're showing that fifty-five percent of women are actually making the new car purchases. And that they are looking for uh different things in the car. Wow. The man is looking for the e- in the engine. And the woman is looking to how easy can she slide in under the steering wheel. Uh can her makeup come off the upholstery. You bet. <SEP> Good point. And if they're out there buying that many cars then there's that many out that are self sufficient and you know mobile and working. Right now I'm self employed. And and my wife's always worked. She's a schoolteacher. But for. She started working. And then when I first started my business uh. She was selling real estate at the time. And hers was the only income we had for three or four months. So. <SEP> Right. You know she certainly did her part in help getting me establishing in my business. And she still works everyday. So. Yeah. We all do. You bet. <SEP> I just happen to be off today. Uh-oh. I work too. Enj- enjoying it. <SEP> What kind of work do you do? I'm a nurse. Well good. <SEP> And I work at Medical Treatment Center uh which is at Garl- uh Jupiter and Arapaho. Right. Married? No. Yeah. Well trying to think what else I can say in regards to this subject. <SEP> I don't know. I'm kind of out of out of things. You see the old uh cigarette ads you know about you've come a long way. You've come a long way baby? Baby. Right. And uh. <SEP> Right. You think about this when you come to when it comes to a subject like that. And it's really true. Women have come a long way. And you know.
sw3304.txt:I guess we're be- recorded. Okay. What. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do? <SEP> Oh yes. Cycling computers uh backpacking just about everything. Oh. Oh I generically have you know millions of hobbies. All right. That's an interesting assortment. <SEP> My husband is into cycling. In fact he's out there right now before it gets dark trying to get in his miles for the the time. Uh-huh. <SEP> I'm not quite that bad. I'm just a weekend cyclist. Uh do you have any do you do any handicraft type things I think was the question. <SEP> Handicraft type things. Yeah. Whittling or. Yeah. Just whittle away my life. Uh no. No. I c-. Nothing like that. <SEP> Uh uh. I I do some things. I've gotten into. Uh oh I I like to decorate things. And I do sweatshirts and T-shirts. And I've gotten to where I start have started selling them at craft shows and things. Oh that's pretty good. Uh and I have have done fairly well at them. I've had. A a few of my little hobby projects have totally bombed. But most of them have worked out pretty good. <SEP> Yeah. They. My only craft work is kind of like computers and you know go off to the little computer club meetings. And it's kind of nice because I've made money at it too. Considering I I work for it a living. But I you know I I've got a couple of articles published. Oh !. <SEP> It's kind of kind of neat. Yeah. What what does a computer club do. I didn't know there were such things. Oh yeah. Just all over the place. They just get around and and talk techy or or else uh uh you know. Like half the members are really expert. And the other half are like really not. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh we kind of help out the people who are really not. You don't uh you're not in- into hacking or whatever. <SEP> Oh I I think I'm I think I'm a hacker. But I'm not not kind not the uh the you know dial around randomly trying to break into computers type hackers. Uh-huh. No. That's one of those sports I don't go for. Well that's kind of interesting hobby. What else did you. You said you did cycling? <SEP> Yeah. What was the other thing? Backpacking. Backpacking. We. <SEP> Yeah. I belong to a a Boy Scout troop. It beats paying United Way. I just you know donate a whole bunch of my time to the Boy Scouts and have fun. Uh-huh. Well that's we have done that. Uh our two older boys were in Boy Scouts. And my daughter was in Girl Scouts until just about a year ago. <SEP> Uh-huh. So we've uh done a fair amount of that in our spare time also. But it. I. That's a great thing to do you know really. Have you been backpacking anyplace exciting? <SEP> Uh well just last weekend went to Davy Crockett forest which is kind of out in east Texas. Oh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we go to uh places out in. Uh uh let's see. What's that what's that state north of us. That state. Oh that one. Yeah. Yeah. That one. That one. Okay. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And. To the. Uh oh by Fort Sill there? Uh no. To another f- a uh old Indian fort that's out there. Trying to think of the name of it. Durn. Well yeah. No. Sorry. No memory. Uh-huh. <SEP> Have you gone like to Fillmont with the Boy Scouts? No. I missed out this last year. I wasn't able to get the time off but maybe next year. It's a good possibility. I've always thought that would be a real fun thing to do. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. When I was a kid uh we'd do the equivalent thing in the High Sierras. That was loads of fun. Uh-huh. Does does your whole family like to do it. Like you you know for a vacation you'd go backpacking? Uh no. Not quite because I'm not a whole family. I'm just me. Oh okay. You just oh. And and you volunteer for the Boy Scouts huh? <SEP> Oh yeah. I rent my kids. Uh-huh. Well s- sometimes uh. It's better than you know owning on them and making payments on them and you know things like that. <SEP> Sometimes I think that might not be a bad idea. Have. Uh you said you did it in the High Sierras. Uh do you ever you know just vacation someplace where you strictly backpack? <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. Uh not recently because you know like the Boy Scouts makes it so that I go like once a month you know. Someplace. Uh-huh. But uh there's uh some some stuff that I want to do with like Sierra Club and go down to Grand Canyon or something like that. So you know they have lots of tours where they get a bunch of people together and off you go. Uh-huh. <SEP> Which seems kind of reasonable because that means you don't have to take twenty thirteen year olds with you which seems a a just a tad more relaxing. Well I. Probably. Probably. That's. Uh well my my other things that I like to do in my spare time I'm I like swimming. <SEP> Uh-huh. Which is in now. I've done that. And I I also. When I like something I usually try to figure out how to make money off of it.
sw3344.txt:Well let me just start by asking what you think of this Middle East affair we've got going on? I think that it's time that we concentrate more on what's going on within our own borders than what's going on in the Middle East. I have to agree with you there. I uh I think that uh for once we should we shouldn't even be at at these Mid East talks because with the exception of our hostages we really don't have too much of a uh real in- we shouldn't have too much of a real interest in deciding whose land it is. Just let these people fight it out. <SEP> I agree. You know we've got so many domestic problems. And and what does it cost these people over there you know. Absolutely. Oh so how about the Soviet Union. What do you think's going to happen there. The break ups? <SEP> I think that's great. Um I'm glad to see that. But I again I don't want to see us pour a whole lot of economic aid into the Soviet Union without a uh well uh a whole lot under any circumstances because I I don't know. I'm I'm a believer in the old adage that if somebody earns something it's worth more to them than if you give it to them. And so I'm I'm not much in favor of it. But I'm glad to see us advising them. Uh-huh. That doesn't seem to cost a whole lot of money. That's right. That's right. <SEP> But I'm ready to have a President elected that at least has some sort of a domestic agenda. Even if it doesn't work at least he is somebody who who is working on that problem. And I I haven't seen that in the last eleven years. So they don't seem to have a clue. Well all I've seen. Reagan obviously wasn't too concerned with the domestic side of of of his political affairs. I I think Bush's kind of followed suit. Um international is important. But uh we've got a budget deficit that just won't go away unless it gets seriously addressed. Uh you know and then there's the homeless issue. And there really is a lot we could be doing stateside without uh hurting our international aspects or straining any international relations I think. And we wouldn't have to spend the billions and billions of dollars each year that we're spending. <SEP> Oh I agree. I just I think we got once we started economic aid overseas we have really set ourselves up to be sort of the the world bank and as far as aid is concerned. Right. And I think there's a limit. And we passed it a long time ago. I agree. We've been writing off way too many bad debts uh country bad debts. Exactly. <SEP> Yeah. That's another thing I don't understand is is is things like selling technology and uh even military hardware to foreign governments and then forgiving their debt. <SEP> To me that just doesn't make any sense. As as much in debt as we are. I know it. I just I don't know. I think it's definitely time for a change. But I don't see anybody. I don't understand too why we have to have Democrats and Republicans. And it's either one way or the other. This it s- seems to be we're turning into a black and white society. Right. <SEP> You either do it this way. Or you do it that way. And there's no in between. That's right. You're either liberal or you're conservative. And that uh it obviously isn't working. Well I think uh it wouldn't hurt. And I know the Independent Party's been trying for years to get a a a real force in in the uh in Congress. But uh you're right. There's just too many issues that come up that uh our senators and our congressmen vote on simply because it's a Democratic issue or it's a Republican issue. <SEP> Oh yeah. And if they would vote with their conscience and with what their constituents feel I think uh we might have a a lot better a lot more efficient running government and a lot better laws passed. Oh I agree with you. Well of course you know we have the national embarrassment in our state Jessie Helms. <SEP> And uh as soon as as we can get. Of course it seems to me that every time he opens his mouth he he just lines up people against him. So it's not too it's not too often that you see him swaying too many opinions. He's uh usually on the ninety-eight to two side. He's the one of the two that votes. He's one of the two huh. <SEP> Yeah. He's very ineffective I think. Well let's see. Senators are in for six years right. <SEP> Right. And uh when did you guys vote him into office? Oh unfortunately nineteen ninety. Oh you're stuck. <SEP> Yeah. We're stuck with him for a little while longer. But uh unfortunately for him but maybe fortunately for us his health is not great. So I hate.
sw2027.txt:Okay um. I don't know about you. But where I am we have a like an extremely lax dress policy at work. And it varies like every day. I mean from jeans one day to business suits the next. It's pretty bad. But it's true you know. They tend to try to be you know real lax. And supposedly the policy is like you know we you know we hire these wonderful creative people. And we don't want to smush their creativity you know. We want to go ahead and let them do what ever they want. And you know you really will see people in in jeans one day and business suits the next. <SEP> Well I'm kind of that way too. I work in the legal department. And where we are now what we're doing is some very big lawsuits that happen to have a heck of a lot of boxes of documents. Yeah. And I get to toting around boxes of documents several times a day. It always seems like I'm doing that. And I can't see getting dressed up and wearing heels and stuff when you have to carry you know boxes of documents around. So if I'm just going to be there working in the litigation center and doing you know odds and ends and stuff with the boxes of documents I dress down. But if we're going to have a meeting where we're having the attorneys come in or people from uh other party's attorneys and stuff then I normally dress up. Yeah. And I'll wear a dress and hose and stuff. Yeah. You know we're kind of that way too. I try to. I'm the same way you are. I kind of try to judge from day to day. I know you know where I am we work a lot with the customers. And we have a lot of government folks come in all the time. And and you know if I know that they're going to be there you know you I try to really watch it and like you say you know really dress up. <SEP> Uh-huh. And if I know they're not you know. I I've been doing a lot of reorganization you know the last couple of months the same way you are you know. Uh-huh. And it's just it's just impossible to crawl down on the floor and dig through boxes in a dress. <SEP> That's right. That's right. It is. And so. As a matter of fact I thought I had one funny story. When uh I was at T I the first year or so we were sent out to our record retention facility to look through two thousand boxes. We had them in the warehouse. Uh. <SEP> And at that point it the warehouse was over across the road. And it wasn't air conditioned. And it we were there like in the middle of the summer. It's unair-conditioned. It was dusty and dirty uh. There was like a fan at the very end of the row. And that was it. And so we didn't really know we weren't supposed to. We thought T I dress code was just dress appropriate to your job. Uh-huh. We wore shorts. We didn't know that was a big no no. Oh no. <SEP> And the supervisor from another area came up to us. And you know this area where record retention is there's only a few people that work there. And he sho- he knew who worked there. He should have realized that we weren't regulars in the warehouse there. And he came up to us. And he just said who's your supervisor. Well he called our supervisor and our supervisor and our supervisor's supervisor. And it went up all the way to the head of facilities complaining that we were wearing shorts. Oh no. He didn't at at least say to us did you know you're not supposed to do that. That could have alleviated a big problem. We ended up getting called out on it. Oh how awful. It sounds like Mister Power Hungry. <SEP> Yeah. You know just yesterday though I saw a girl in the spine out here at Lewisville that had on a pair of shorts. Uh-huh. And I don't care. You can call them split skirts. And you can call them culottes all you want. But these were shorts. That's all they were. <SEP> I don't care what else you call them you know. If they're below the knee okay. Maybe you can call them split skirts. If they're above the knee they turn into shorts you know. And these weren't even really full ones. I mean they had a problem out here with it last summer wearing these shorts that were you know the real wide full ones you know. And becau- these weren't even those. These were like pretty short black. And they were very dressy. The were black velvet shorts. And she had on black hose and black heels. And she looked very very nice. <SEP> Um. But you don't wear shorts to work. You know I mean as far as I'm considered she was in violation. And nobody says anything to them. It's always been a big problem in Lewisville in the summertime. Um. You know if they just you know. The management doesn't ever seem to want to take an cut off you know that no. This is wear we're going to draw the line. This is shorts you know. <SEP> Yeah. And and nobody will ever kind of take control and do that you know. Um. So it always gets annoying because the rest of us are going well God we have a pair of those at home too. It sure would be cool and comfortable to wear you know. But. <SEP> Well I've seen some people try to just come in like over the weekend because they want to use the TexTeller machine. Yeah. And they have said no. Yeah. And then during the week you see these women in the you know. Just because you put on a pair of hose with them doesn't make them not shorts anymore you know. <SEP> Yeah. I mean I've never seen them do it without hose. I mean they always have hose on. But still it's they're shorts. I don't care what you say. They're shorts. Well I think T I's dress code is pretty lax considering everything anyway you know uh. <SEP> I know I didn't know that E D S has a very strict dress code. I had a friend. Oh do they really? Oh definitely. I had a friend who worked there for a year or so. And they spell it out. For men it's particular suits uh the pin stripe and the particular colors of shirts and win- wing tipped shoes. Oh my God. <SEP> Oh it is definitely lined out. Women are not allowed to wear slacks. You wear coordinated suits. I coul- I couldn't afford to work there. And and a particular kind of shoe you know so high heel. Oh it is spelled out. Oh no. <SEP> When I was looking at her materials when she first started you know she had her benefits package and all that kind of stuff. Uh-huh. And it told about the dress code. And it said these are the color pastel shirts you may wear or white shirts with this kind of stripe in it for the men and this kind of shoe and hair just this way. T I -s says no shorts and no halters. I know that's it. <SEP> Yeah. And E D S is very particular about this hair cuts. Wow. I mean it was like you can't have you know such and such facial hair no beards you know and just really detailed. I don't know that that would be a good environment to work in. I mean I see. I I am more. I don't know about anybody else. And a lot of bosses may say I'm nuts. But I am more productive when I'm in pants. <SEP> I I am. I work faster. I get things done faster than when I'm in a dress and heels you know. I. And it's weird. But I it's I do I can I can get so much more done if I'm dressed comfortable you know. Well the the time we were there at the warehouse we felt really bad because we had uh another person coming from Washington our outside counsel. And she was told that we were going to be in a warehouse. But she really didn't get the idea that we were in the warehouse part of the warehouse not the office to the warehouse but the warehouse. Right. <SEP> And she came with skirts just like she'd be going into the office. Yeah. And we'd try we'd try to say didn't you bring any pants or anything. We're we're out here in the warehouse you know. You you got your skid of you know that wooden pallet of boxes. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you're going to have un- unload you skid look at the documents in the in the boxes and then repack your skid. And she And she was so she was so hot and miserable you know in the skirt. You can't do that in a skirt poor soul. Oh yuck. <SEP> She finally tried to go buy you know a pair of pants. But you know I mean it was just completely miserable for her. Yeah. That's terrible. That's terrible. Gosh. Well I don't know. I just figure you know yeah. Sometimes I worry about you know if I go in in pants. And I never I never ever ever ever go in in a pair of jeans you know. But I'll go in in pants. I mean today I had on a pair of you know navy blue dress slacks and and uh like a peach colored top and you know not cruddy but not a dress either. And sometimes I wonder if stuff like that would will hold you back you know if you don't dress in you know your dress for success business suits everyday if you know if upper management doesn't notice that and remember that later on. But you know I don't know if they do or not. You know I see a lot of the managers. And they're in jeans. So you know. <SEP> Some of our people in the legal department. We have um assistants to the general counsel. And it's funny. Because there's one that always wears a suit. A matter of fact he's never seen without his jacket to the suit on buttoned. Really wow. And then there's another one who's who's a little younger and a little more yuppish. And he's always kind of like in the khaki pants and you know a shirt. Uh-huh. <SEP> And sometimes he wears the jacket to it. Yeah. And some of the patent attorneys have been real casual in their clothes. And then other ones tend to always wear a suit with a very starched cotton shirt. So that's just. Isn't that funny. <SEP> With the you know the little suspenders or something on. So. We've we've kind of had a variety there. That's great. But I think a lot of times it's it's mainly who they're going to meet with. Or they're meeting with people that they know is going to be dressed that way then that's how they are. Yeah. <SEP> If they're just going to be meeting with T I -ers like to talk about a patent kind of thing and the they're engineers that they're talking too they dress kind of like how the engineers are dressed. And they're usually casual. That's the way to do it. I mean that's the smart way to do it. Yeah. It really is because you're making you know. If when they're meeting with the engineers who they know are going to be dressed down if they come in in you know a six hundred dollar three piece suit it's going to make the people they're meeting with feel very uncomfortable you know. Or it would me you know. <SEP> It's one of those slippery attorneys coming in here. Yeah. Yeah. Look at this slick guy. I wonder what kind of money does he make. Uh-huh. I can see it now. Well it was good to talk to you. It was really enjoyable. <SEP> Yeah. This is this is kind of a fun project. It really is. I've done some of the other speech programs. But we've never got to talk to another person. It was always just talking to the computer. Oh yuck. Yeah. <SEP> So this is a little different. Well it's kind of enjoyable. I'm really looking forward to it. Yeah. Well thanks a lot. <SEP> Okay. Bye. Bye-bye.
sw3113.txt:Okay. Okay. Well I uh I guess because I work quite a bit with lawyers I'm not a lawyer uh that I find a lot of things are so specialized that I'm not sure. And I I look at it more from the civil side of things that juries have any sense of of the value of and worth so that they have real problems when it comes to uh uh. They can find guilt or innocence. Right. <SEP> Uh but then when you quantify things and that might also hold criminal trials for how many years is appropriate uh that they might leave it to somebody else who uh has expertise in that. Right. I agree too. I don't think the jury should be the ones that that put the sense- sentencings down. I think the judges should. Or even a panel of of lawyers if if it got to that point. Might be better at than just regular civil people. Not knowing you know exactly what things are from from murder on up to like tax stuff you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Because I find that uh. I've been on a few juries. And uh as a say I I tend to be around uh civil cases because I've been an expert witness some. And uh many matters are so complicated that it's so hard to uh come up with the fair value uh or the fair sentence. And one thing that you get if you have some expertise is uh you know the range of of possible values or terms or you know how heinous was the crime. Right. Uh that uh. When I only do something one two or three times I'm hardly an expert on it. And most juries over a period of five or ten years you might sit on three. Yeah. And. <SEP> And so how do you relate as to whether this particular armed robbery was a you know worth five years or twenty-five. Right. That's. Yeah. And and most people that do sit on juries. Some people just sit on them once in their lifetime you know if they're that lucky sometimes. Or you know what whatever the case may be. And and may not have any idea of what what the standard punishment would be for it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And it they may have some different idea. I mean it might be more important for them to put a sen- sen- sentencing down that was uh longer you know that didn't fit the punishment didn't fit the crime. Or not long enough or you know whatever the case may be. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I I think the judges do have that that better knowledge of it. The only thing I worry about sometimes is if if you get somebody in there that that has a name that is the defendant and you know sometimes might have more pull which that does happen. Uh-huh. I mean we can't say it doesn't because it does happen. I mean not everybody is you know has has the right morals sometimes. People can be paid off or politically or whatever the case may be. <SEP> Uh-huh. And sometimes that's not real fair either though. So. Well one of the others things that gets me on on the juries is that often in the newspaper I I tend to hear two things that well that go on. One is you often see in the headlines the big numbers. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh and many of those get overturned or get reduced in terms of sentences or get changed by a judge or an Appeals Court. Right. And that never makes the the press. And so when uh you or I as an individual gets on a jury we tend to have certain mental images of what's what because we see the headlines uh. And we don't have a- again a lot of knowledge. So we don't know what is really going on what is uh really the range of sentences or awards that are uh are actually uh in the end applied. Right. <SEP> Right. Well well also what I don't think is fair either is when you have like a say a rapist come in. And and his attorney gets his sentences sentencing reduced because he's gone to a lesser charge like I don't know what assault or something or. Uh-huh. But which that doesn't make any sense to me either. I know it's hard to prove rape and whatnot. And and and the person that was raped or whatever doesn't. I mean it's embarrassing and all this other stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they they're put on like they were the ones that caused it or whatever. But to me when you do the crime then you should pay for whatever you did. And and you shouldn't be able to go on the lesser charge. I don't I don't think that's right because all's that's going to do is say Oh well you know that was a breeze. I can go out and do it again and you know have the same thing happen. Yeah. That's that's not right. <SEP> Well that's where uh the role of juries is is restricted. And I'm not sure I'd want to change that aspect of it. One is it's restricted in the sense that juries only decide the charges that are actually uh brought you know. Right. If it's first degree rape second deg- degree rape or whatever they only get to decide on that. Well okay this person has been charged with first degree rape uh. And you can decide guilt or innocence on that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh such like maybe in murder they get to choose whether it's uh premeditated or one or two of the lesser degrees. The other thing that juries are restricted on and and at least to me this has been one of the frustrating things in my even in my own experiences that you usually don't get to hear all the information. Yeah. It's what information is presented. And uh I don't know that juries have a right to know more because in a sense we call those safeguards. But often juries hear only a fraction of the of the story when they have to decide guilt or innocence. And to me how can you how can you make a decision if you don't have all of the evidence in front of whether it be whether it pertains to the case or not. Somebody thinks it it had because they've got it there. <SEP> Uh-huh. So the lawyers the two lawyers are the ones that have all the information. Yeah. And the truth that's brought out is uh as I say when I've heard about you know. Don't they? <SEP> The oath is to tell the truth. The whole truth and nothing but the truth is that they want uh. They don't want uh the whole truth. I mean you can say. They only put part of it. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> The. Because stories look very different when you hear different parts of the of the truth. Right. Well that's just like that old witness game. Well it's a game kids play too. But uh somebody did it just for your train of thought where they they showed something. And they asked. They there were uh like four people.
sw2615.txt:I don't know what the the last thing I've done as far as car repairs go is is change oil and filter an and that kind of stuff. I haven't gotten really involved in anything uh extensive in car repairs in oh oh probably a year or so. I think the last thing I did of any significance was change the water pump on an Oldsmobile. Yeah. I had a similar thing that I've worked on cars ever since I was uh a kid. And that was some time ago. But I've gotten to the point where uh the newer cars are getting so complicated to work on that uh oh most of the cars. I buy I try to buy as simple a car as possible. Yeah. I know what you mean. <SEP> So you know changing the oil changing the spark plugs. And most of them now you know you don't go through the ignition stuff anymore because that's all solid state or or fuel injected. Yeah. Or fuel injected. And so there's. So there goes the carburetor. And if the fuel injection system breaks down there's no way in the world you're going to work on that. Yeah. <SEP> No. There's no way. Somebody once said uh I had a car that said fuel injection on the side of it. And a woman asked me what that meant. And I said that means that I can't work on it. Oh yeah. Yeah. Basically that's it. You know they've gotten so complicated or so high tech that uh the guys average guys can't really go out in the in the garage and do a whole lot of repairs uh. <SEP> Yeah. I've got uh an eighty-four Chevy van that's uh a one ton van with a camper conversion on it. Yeah. It's got the the the good old three fifty standard engine in it. Absolutely. <SEP> Regular gas engine. And that engine I understand. I can wo- I can actually work on that engine. Yeah. I used to have uh ch- Chevy van. It was a short van that had the the three fifty in it. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And basically it it was a motor. And you didn't have all the other junk around it. Right. And you could get to it to work on it. <SEP> Yeah. I had to change the water pump in that here about a year ago. And it was really fairly easy. Take the grill out and the radiator out. And you can just stand there and work on it. Yeah. The hardest part about uh water pump changes is getting all the junk off before you can get too it. Well that's true. You're right you know. By the time you've finally got down to it. I was hoping I could remember where all those other things went. Well that's kind of the way I was. I tried to remember as I took stuff off where it went. And I don't think I had too many nuts and bolts left over when I got it all put back together. <SEP> A few years ago I had an Oldsmobile diesel. And uh the. Uh it. After about a hundred thousand miles the injector pump went out on it. And uh I bought it when we were living in Lubbock. When I came back here I brought the car back here. And uh I don't know diesels got pretty unpopular. And you couldn't sell the thi-. I mean though for what you could get for one you might as well drive it over a cliff. Oh yeah. Yeah. And uh the injector pump went bad. So I found a outfit down here to rebuild it. And uh i- reinstalled that. <SEP> And that was probably one of the most miserable things I had gotten into in a long time. I don't think I'd know where to start with a diesel. Oh well it you know i-. Diesels don't require mechanics. They require plumbers. Well that's true. <SEP> And uh. I think the onl- closest thing I've come to to a diesel is I've worked for a tractor repair shop uh when I was in high school. And uh we used to overhaul farm tractors basically. Yeah. And they were nearly all all diesel. But as far as cars I've never never been involved with them. <SEP> Well the injector nozzle and stuff in you know the big diesel farm tractors you know what are about the size of your thumb. And the-. Well ye- yeah. And you ca- you can get to them. Yeah. You can get to them. And the ones in in the diesel cars were little tiny things and just almost impossible to do anything with. Well I. <SEP> I've had a lot of good service out of that car. But uh uh I finally gave it to my son. And he drove it literally into the ground you know. Yeah. He was out at Tech. And he he finished it off. I'm I guess you're right. The the diesel has almost fallen into unpopular status. I don't know exactly why. One of the reasons is. I I'm beginning to wonder is where do you get gas at. I su-. I don't know if it's still uh limited like it was. I don't notice it probably because I don-. <SEP> What. The availability? Huh? You mean the diesel availability? Yeah. I don't I don't notice. But maybe because I'm not looking for it. <SEP> Yeah. Well I'd bought uh a G M C diesel pickup and uh loved that thing you know. I really liked it. But it turns out a pickup wasn't what I really needed. Yeah. And it was the van that I needed then to buy the you know. Traded it in on the Chevy van. But uh sure enjoyed it. But yo- you got the the three fifty in the van? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. The three fifty regular gas engine. Yeah. That's what I like because they've got plenty of power. And uh if you treat them right they're not the gas guzzlers I think that they've got the reputation to be. Uh-huh. I'm convinced that uh Detroit or whoever it is made a major mistake years ago when they stopped putting the small V eights in and went to the fours and some of the sixes. <SEP> Yeah. Co-. Uh-huh. I'm convinced that the small V eight like the the Mustang's original two eighty-nine or some of the Chevy two eighty-threes were good little V eight engines that were not gas guzzlers. <SEP> Uh-huh. But they had enough power t- pull all this weight. Yeah. And the four cylinders just don't have it. <SEP> I think that little the little Chevy V eight when it started out in sixty in fifty-five I think was two sixty-five something like that. Yeah. Little you know not whole lot more than the than the than the six cylinder that I think was like about two thirty-five or so. But uh they kept boring that block out to where you could a get a four hundred small block four hundred that was uh the same block you know just just kept boring it out and boring it out and stroking it a little bit more an. I think those gu- those little V eights could have been made to be pretty powerful little engines if they would have gone with it. But. <SEP> Well that was uh that was a short stroke engine it could really wind up. Oh yeah. The two little cars I've got now. Bought a Mitsubishi Mirage here a couple of years ago. And and it was normally carbureted. And it's fairly easy to work with because there's not just a whole lot in it to go wrong and you know changing the plugs and stuff. Yeah. That's kind of like. <SEP> The the first well my first car was a fifty-six Mustang. And uh over the years uh all. I had a uh Dodge pickup several years ago. And uh I can't remember the size of the engine. It was a three oh seven or something like that. Yeah. But uh I remember working on those cars. You'd open the hood. And there was basically nothing in there but an engine and a few things. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Now you open the hood and it's scary. Yeah. Like you say it takes a plumber to figure out where all this stuff goes. <SEP> The friend of ours over here he's got uh sixty-five or sixty-six Mustang the six cylinder. Yeah. And uh I was look under the hood of that the other day. And like you say you can see the road. Yeah. <SEP> It's amazing. Well if you had to you could climb up in there and do what you needed to. You coul- yeah you could stand in there if you really wanted to I guess. My dad's got a new um. I guess it's an eighty-nine or ninety uh Chrysler something or other. It's one of those transverse mounted V sixes front wheel drive. <SEP> Oh yeah. And uh he was showing it to me. And we're looking under the hood and everything's nice and clean. And you know you can see the three spark plugs there in the front. And I said well where are the other three. And he'd never really thought about it. <SEP> Yeah. And he says well hopefully I won't have to change them before I trade it off. Yeah. It's going to be a problem getting back there because it was shoved right up against the fire wall. Yeah. So they just about complicated the things so much that shade tree mechanics can't do much with them. <SEP> Yeah. Well when they went to the. Started with the newer engines you know. When they started putting all that pollution control stuff on the older engines is where they started getting into so much you know trouble. Because the three fifty with all the you know. Like well actually I guess her-. Within a couple of years ago anyway was the last I've paid any attention to it. The three oh five was that that V eight that they put in the the three quarter and and half ton van. Uh-huh. And it had all the air pump and uh uh I don't know all that all that stuff. Right. <SEP> Yeah. The anti-smog pumps. And all the anti-smog stuff. And uh boy that was uh really a mess back under there under the in that van. And all that stuff loads the motor down. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So it's trying to push the weight plus have all this drain on it from all sorts of belts and things. But that's one good thing. I've got a uh eight ninety uh Chevy Blazer now. And it's got one uh belt on it a serpentine belt. Oh it's that one that's about uh what an inch and a half wide. Yeah. <SEP> Got a bunch of groves in it. I haven't had to replace the thing yet. It looks like it would be uh better than having. I've got an an Olds Toronado that I think's got six belts on the sucker. Yeah. And I had to get all those off you know when I was replace that uh water pump. <SEP> Yeah. And uh I had to struggle with that for a while to figure which belt goes where. Yeah. It's kind of like the inside dual on a truck. You know when one of them breaks it's not the outside one. Oh man. <SEP> It's it's the it's usually that power steering be-. Or something that's way back in there. You bet. Everything else's got to come off first. Everything's got to come off. Well it's a pleasure meeting you. <SEP> Yeah. And we'll uh. How many times have you done this now? Is this. Uh I've got uh five stickers here from T I. So I guess I've done probably uh I'd say seven or eight of them. Yeah. I hadn't uh hadn't not gotten any calls here in the last uh. This is the first one in a week or so. Yeah. I haven't gotten any calls in two weeks. So I don't know if if it's tapering off or what. <SEP> If ta- it's winding down or what. I had a difficult time the past couple of times of getting uh answers. Finding a taker. So it sounds. It's taken them ten fifteen minutes at a time. So people are either not. No-. Maybe they're burnt out or. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah well. Anyway let you go. Thanks for talking. Okay. All right. Bye-bye.
sw3073.txt:Okay. I'm back on. Okay. Um you say you watch evenings mostly? <SEP> I watch evenings because I work all day. I used to watch daytimes. Uh-huh. Um mainly like ALL MY CHILDREN that kind of thing. Oh so. <SEP> And then sometimes OPRAH and sometimes DONAHUE. But now it's mainly evenings. Do you have any that you like well enough that you tape them when you're not going to be there? Yes. Which ones? <SEP> I tape THIRTY SOMETHING and L A LAW. Oh. Those are the two I like the best. Oh two they're going to change. Well one they're taking off. <SEP> I know. It's going to be history I know. I don't know what's going to ha-. Yeah. We like L A LAW. Uh-huh. We don't watch THIRTY SOMETHING. But that's kind of young for us. My husband and I are grandparents. <SEP> Oh well. Well. So we don't watch uh that type of show. But we like L A LAW. We like that. Uh-huh. We're just. I'm sorry they're breaking the team up because we liked all the ones that were on there. <SEP> I know. I'm amazed. I'm not sure I like the new ones too much. Huh-uh. I'm surprised that I was surprised at the ending of you know with all the funny things happening and different things. I just wonder if if uh they just want to go on to other projects and not be stuck in this show since it's gone on for so long. It looks like it looks like it might be one of these seven or eight year run things. Where you kind of can spend your whole career on one show. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I know. Of course I guess that's not bad. Alan Alda did it on MASH. I know. Isn't that funny? It hasn't hurt him at all. So do you do you mostly like this type of like a story type of thing that lasts an hour? <SEP> Oh I don't usually like stuff that continues. That's why I'm surprised I like those two shows because usually I like you know stuff that just ends sort of that you just you don't have to have watched you know. In one hour like QUANTUM LEAP. <SEP> Yeah. I mean you don't have to. That's one of our favorites. Yeah. You don't have to have watched it last week in order to follow. So you know I usually don't like that. Right. Which they do at the beginning of the season to grab your attention. You know. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's always a bummer too. <SEP> I know. Sometimes it's better just to tape record both of them and then watch it all in one. Uh-huh. We we do that sometimes. I I guess I'm I'm not into real heavy stuff. L A LAW is about the heaviest thing I watch. I I'll mostly I'm into it for relaxation. <SEP> Yeah. So I like things like GOLDEN GIRLS or CHEERS. Or uh Monday night is real good with me you know MAJOR DAD and and uh NORTHERN EXPOSURE and and uh. Oh what's that one with Burt Reynolds? That type of show is what we what uh we watch. Uh-huh. We generally just stay on one channel all for all of Monday night just to watch those. Just some of the times they're continued. But mostly they're just little vignettes. A new one we found we really like is that DINOSAURS. Have you seen that? <SEP> Huh-uh. That is it's it's really funny. They use like animated. It's not like a cartoon. But it's like dummies and things that are used. Uh-huh. And uh it's really um. And robots probably. But there's always a a moral to each story. <SEP> And what night is it on? Well yo- we watched it. The times we've seen it it's been like on Satur- or excuse me Friday night. Uh but it's. We've only seen it a couple of times. But it it's real. The first one we saw um they were it it involved a tradition of when a per- person reaches seventy-five. And I can't remember what day they call it. But but uh the son-in-laws get to throw the mother-in-laws when they're seventy five over a cliff. Oh great. Anyway Anyway it it goes on you know. <SEP> And the son-in-law and mother-in-law are sniping at each other and all. And then when it comes time for him to throw her over well the the teenaged son the night before tried to save her by hiding her. Oh. And she said no. You can't do you know. He ran her out was running to hi- in a wheelchair to hide her. And she said `` You can't do that. ''. <SEP> Huh. `` This is tradition. This is what old people are supposed to be thrown over the the cliff. ''. And uh he said `` I don't understand. ''. It's it's real funny that they give the teenagers the as the one that questions uh the what's going on. Uh-huh. And uh in the end of uh the son-in-law when he did get the mother-in-law up to the cliff uh th- the so- the teenaged son throws himself in the way and says `` No you can't do it'' and then and then uh `` Oh well we've got to do it. It's tradition''. And the son was you know `` Why? ''. And so in in the end he doesn't throw her over. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh he doesn't. And of course the town thinks he's just terrible because that has been tradition for hundreds of years and he's broken it. And then we saw one where this there was a teenage when a teenage boy comes into his manhood. They call it the night of the howling or something like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they all go out and howl you know. And and the son refused to do it. He he did. He thought it was not. <SEP> So he didn't go howl? No. He wouldn't go howl. So all the all the people that worked with the father ostracized him. Oh how funny. It is. It it it's it's real interesting to watch the show. And and wh- the relationship between the family is is really now now the mother-in-law lives in the house with them. <SEP> Huh. So it's. Our our grandson our oldest grandson is the one that that got us to watching it. But it really is it moves real fast. It's a real short. And there's always like I say a moral to it. And. <SEP> It's just a half hour. Or is it hour? Well half hour. Oh. That that's all there is to it. And and uh they. <SEP> There's not many half hour shows. It seems like that. Yeah. It it they they're trying to liken the the father in there of the teenage son to like JACKIE GLEASON SHOW. Uh the way he talks to his mother-in-law and so forth. Uh-huh. And I guess maybe there are some parts of that. But I didn't really see that in there. But what I've read about it they talk about that. But anyway we've we've enjoyed that. And and uh I guess mostly I I like the news shows too the news magazines like SIXTY MINUTES or TWENTY TWENTY or PRIME TIME LIVE or something like that you know all all of those shows if I can do it. <SEP> Yeah. No. I watch those if I. But my husband likes to watch um old movies especially war movies or or uh sports which I'm not. Oh see I like sports. No. I don't. Well I I do I like ice skating. And I like uh gymnastics and some track and field. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I I. And I'll watch snippets of baseball games. And I I just don't have that much time to sit and watch the whole thing. Uh-huh. And I don't ever no matter what's on I don't ever just sit and watch T V. I'm usually either doing dishes. Or I may be sewing. Or you know I always have or letter writing. <SEP> I know. Or I may be working around in the room somehow. But I don't I don't ever just sit and. I that's something that comes from your old age you know. No. I don't sit. Idle hands are the devil's workshop. <SEP> I know. Who has time? I don't have time to sit I know. No. It's it's uh. That's why I don't get to watch that much. I mean I watch nine o'clock. Right. <SEP> I do okay because the kids are all in bed. But before that I really there's not much time. Right. Or like at six thirty I'll watch WHEEL OF FORTUNE or something like that. Right. Well our. Yeah. If our gra- if our grandchildren are with us that's they have to watch that. We don't watch it unless they're here. <SEP> Uh-huh. No. I like that. No. I'll watch game show kind of stuff. But they uh. But Yeah. It's it's um oh. And you know the the kids will get you started on stuff like AMERICA'S FUNNIEST HOME VIDEOS. <SEP> We've wound up sending in one. That's something I didn't think that we'd ever do. Did you send one? Yeah. My oldest grandson pulling his tooth. He's he's he wouldn't let us pull it. <SEP> How funny. And I mean it it got to the point he was eating a pear here. And he bit into it. And it was just hanging by a thread. And I and I'd tell him you know it's getting ready to fall out. And he walked around the house with his fa- face down toward the floor and his mouth open hoping it would fall out because he wouldn't let anybody pull it. And he wou- he wound up pull.
sw2599.txt:Uh I don't know. I'm not a real uh great football follower. I guess there are two basic teams that I seem to follow every year. One is the Dallas Cowboys. And the other is the Oklahoma Sooners. Oh okay. Uh being a native Okie I uh I like to keep up with what the homeboys are doing. Uh. <SEP> I see. So you make it uh to that Longhorns Sooners game? No. Every year. No. It's funny. Uh I got out and got my bachelor's degree in uh seventy-three and uh never went to a game there and have never gone to a game since. <SEP> How about that. But I always enjoyed watching them. I just. Growing up in Oklahoma there it was always the home team kind of like Dallas is around here. Yeah. Yeah. And there's always been an interest there. <SEP> Well it's kind of same for me. I grew up in southern New Jersey. And the local team was Philadelphia. Yeah. And they were like thirty miles right up the river. And I'm still pretty much an Eagle fan I guess. I guess you keep those things you grew up with. I worked in uh Missouri for a while. And uh I was probably the only one in the room several times when we were watching football on T V when the Cowboys were playing the Saint Louis Cardinals. And I was rooting for the Cowboys. <SEP> Yeah. But they were kind of closer to home when when I struck up with them. I really don't know what's going to take place with the Cowboys this year. Everybody keeps talking about the reconstruction they're going through and new players and how next year is going to be even bigger and better than the previous year. In a way that happened this past season. And I think that's quite a bit of optimism around here that still there's a chance that maybe uh these guys are right maybe they will come through and and do something this year. I look for it to be a pretty good year. Boy they uh they sure did have a big turn around from a couple of years ago. They did. Uh they got rid of a lot of familiar names and got a lot of names in that we weren't weren't familiar with. Some of them turned out to be pretty good players. Uh some of them didn't. And you know maybe the stuff that uh Jerry Jones is talking about the construction and redefining the team and maybe the effort might be starting to pay off. At least we hope it will. <SEP> Yeah. I'm I keep waiting for the Eagles to get over the hump. They make it to the playoffs it seems for the last few years. But they just have done absolutely nothing when they got there. And you know they've got a lot of the tools to do it. But doggone if they can't just put it together uh you know. They have got the quarterback there in Randal Cunningham who's just you know phenomenal. But he he's too streaky it seems. Yeah. But they have always been a really strong team. Yeah. Yeah. And without a whole lot of big name players. They have got a few anchors on offense and defense. And you know they they've managed with those guys. And I don't know. Once the pressure gets turned on they they seem to loose it. <SEP> I guess yeah. See that's the typical trait of the Dallas Cowboys. And the Oklahoma Sooners. Yeah. It's funny over the years. <SEP> I guess since Staubach left they haven't been able to keep it going. It's. It's been a rough tow a rough road to hoe ever since he left. I don't know why it's so hard to find uh a good quarterback these days. <SEP> Well that that says a lot for the for his ability though I think. For Staubach's I mean. Well yeah. You know he was one of the few who come through in history that can really perform. Uh we hope. Every team hopes their current quarterback is going to pull them through. In a way Aikman has done some of that. But uh the guy winds up getting hurt every other game. <SEP> Yeah. I I tell you it's difficult in that guy's position coming into that because there he was just so highly touted by the press and everybody expected so many big things you know. Yeah. They did. They put a lot of pressure on him from the outside and from the inside. Uh it's funny watching them them play. He's probably like a lot of quarterbacks uh. When the pressure is really on when it's down to the last few minutes of the game for the season is when the guys seem to really do their best. Uh-huh. And I haven't quite figured that out. If they figure they have got it won or if there's no real hurry because the first three quarters or uh if uh if something happens that that adrenalin starts flowing. They say hey we got to do something now. And then start playing the game the way the game should be played toward the last few minutes. <SEP> Yeah. So I don't know. I'm looking for a good year. I guess we're always looking for a good year. So obviously though do you think they're going to do anything in the playoffs to make it to the Super Bowl this year. Or who do you who do you like to do that this year? Uh no. I don't think the Cowboys have got a chance. I think they will probably win one or two more games than they did this year. And they'll get close to it. They'll probably get everybody's hopes up and blow it toward the end. <SEP> So who's going to beat them? Who are they going to blow it to? Uh that's a good question. Uh I'm figuring either one either the Eagles or possibly San Francisco. I'm not real sure. Boy they'd some big changes speaking of them. They did. So I don't know how these changes are going to help or hinder the team sometimes it brings in new motivation. And all you can do is get out of the way because here they come. <SEP> Yeah. I'm sure you know my sentimental favorite would have to be Philadelphia. But I I sure am scared of them Giants. Well that's true. Those guys are tough. They are tough. And they're big. They're mean. And they are going to come right through you if you don't do something. <SEP> Yeah. That that sure was a fun Super Bowl to watch this year. Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean I wasn't pulling for either team. No. No. <SEP> But that was just a good football game. And it's funny. You know. You like to pull for the underdog. And for a long time I was pulling for Denver. Uh-huh. Uh Marino makes me just crazy mad sometimes because of some of the stupid stuff he does. But he's a good quarterback. He's got a good arm. Sometimes it's too good because he throws too hard. <SEP> L A you mean? I mean L A. Sorry. Boy speaking of Denver on another subject I've been up there like five times in the last three four weeks. Oh yeah? <SEP> Yeah. We've been trying get this new D N B two thousand printer up and running. Has it been uh snowing up there? Oh boy I was just up there. I just got back last night around eleven thirty or so. And it was about seven inches of snow on the ground. Wow. <SEP> And it snowed all day. Well that will make the skiers happy. Oh yeah. Yeah. If if. It snowed that much in Denver you know. They got that much up in the mountains you know just west of there. Oh you bet. Oh yeah. Up around the Keystone and Copper Mountain those guys will love that. Well good to talk to you. <SEP> Yeah. Enjoyed it Bob. You guys have a good time keep those printers coming. Hey. We'll do it. All right. Bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw3067.txt:Okay uh. Do you have annual family reunions. Or. Uh yeah. Uh our. The. My mother's side of the family is quite large or well was quite large at one time. And uh they uh for as long as I can remember have had uh a yearly reunion um. Back uh early on they used to to rotate them from hou- from som- to to different people's houses in the family. <SEP> Uh-huh. And. All local. Were they like all in Dallas? Uh no no not no. This was well I am actually from Mississippi. And so that's. <SEP> Oh. It it was around there generally. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh that's where the family grew. <SEP> Just from city to city then. Yeah. And it was not only in Mississippi in some other places as well. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So. It was uh it was a big deal. But uh they tried to to centralize it in one spot. So in the past couple of years they had it at a state park every year. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. We rent a pavilion and and do that. And that's usually works out to be pretty good. And uh they will rent a pavilion on a weekend. And uh. Do you go back? I have not gone back lately. In fact uh this past Sunday was the was the reunion. But I did not get to go. Uh I have. <SEP> Is it choice or just business. Or. Not getting to go. Uh-huh. Uh just uh the distance involved. And. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh just not. I have a younger daughter now. And uh I. It's kind of hard to get her get her there and everything. Uh-huh. But I am going to to uh hopefully next year get to go back cause uh a lot of the family has not uh on her side my mother's side has not seen you know my daughter. So. <SEP> Oh. Do you have brothers and sisters? I have one brother. So. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And is your mother still living? Yes. <SEP> Oh so so you go back and visit with her anyway. Would you not? Right. Yeah. I mean either way there was family reunion time or not. Right I I usually see her a couple times a year. <SEP> So that's no no big thing. But uh I uh I do I do enjoy the reunions. The only problem is that now uh originally when we had them uh they were mainly my mother's. Relatives. Right. Uh father's. My mother's father's family had quite a few uh brothers and sisters. <SEP> Uh-huh. So it was a large reunion of of of that group uh from that descendants. Uh-huh. And uh a lot of those people have. And at time you know they all knew one another. <SEP> Right. Right. And now it has gotten uh that uh a lot of those people are d- have uh have died off. Or you know what we are left with is the the relatives of of of that group. The next generation. Uh-huh. And so uh it's not quite as close as it used to be. So I think people feel less of a desire to really go. I know that. <SEP> Wh- why do you think that it's less close than it used to be? Well I I just think that uh you know at that ti-. When when they were a-. You know the those were all brothers and sisters a lot. And or they were all in the same ar- geographical location. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You know back around you know in the twenties and thirties when they were growing up uh you know they were all located together in one small community. <SEP> Right. Right. Right. And as as time grew I mean when time went on the family grew and moved away and so forth. And now when they come together it's it's generally you know. Like say the kids of those people who are not you know anywhere near one another and I do not think they feel the the closeness that they used to be there. Which is a shame. <SEP> Uh-huh. But that's just how it is. My mother was complaining last year about th- you know. It's dwindling down every year. You know that's just I think that's just. Is that just family's lack of priority anymore maybe yes. <SEP> We get so involved in our work lives and just social lives and so forth. Well yeah. Yeah. That's uh. Yeah. I think that's some of it. But you know I have. Uh I I. It's just the way you know I think society is now is that we are not we do not have the extensive family we used to. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's more of a you know a smaller smaller unit. And you know we we tend to try to do things I think with our immediate family as opposed to the extended family. Of people that we may or may not remember or know you know very well. Right. Right. Uh. <SEP> It really makes an effort on to do this anymore. Right. It requires a lot of effort to to to do that sort of thing. <SEP> Right. Right. I mean I I used to enjoy going. I mean I still do kind of enjoy it. But uh it's it does not it's not as many people there that I really really enjoy seeing. Right. Right. You know I. It's going just for the sake of getting together. I think for the family. And. <SEP> Do you correspond with anybody other than your mother and brother that's in that group? On a regular basis not just Christmas cards. Uh. Um um no. Not really. Tha- in that. But then again uh well I you know I have some aunts that uh I I I do. That's about th-. My mother's sisters you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But I feel closer to them because I kind of grew up with them. But But uh as you know for the rest of that group no not really. Right. Uh you know and and generally when I was growing up a lot of those people the only time I ever saw them was at the reunion. So uh. <SEP> Right. Right. You do not really feel that that really close to them. Right. In my my uh father's family we get together every year at a different location either Dallas or Oklahoma City. They had chosen Santa Barbara California for this summer and and did not get enough people that were willing to go that far because most of us live either in the midwest or like in the Texas Oklahoma area. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh so they cancelled that one and uh are looking next year bringing it back closer. But we have a letter a family letter that circulates. Uh-huh. And it usually goes through me twice a year. And what you do is take out the last letter you wrote that's on the bottom and put the your new letter on the top. And then that's the way it's kept in order. And then about twice a year then you are kept up with what is going on and when you meet them at the reunion you do not feel like I do not know anything about this person. You have read something about what is going on and about their children and so forth. That's a good idea. <SEP> So you are kind of half way acquainted that way. Right. And that that's been a that's been a nice way of keeping us all aware of each other I think. Yeah. <SEP> Right. We tried to start that in my husband's family. His mother's side decided they were going to have a reunion a couple of years ago. And I said well let's start this letter. And it just never. My husband's sisters started it and sent it to us. And that's as far as it got. I sent it on to the next one. Yeah. <SEP> And and but we are going in a couple of weeks to the next one in Scottsdale Arizona for that family. Uh-huh. We are real glad we got together because since that that time there were only like two of the one sister and one sister-in-law of the original family left. And the sister-in-law died. And the sister is in a nursing home. So we are glad that we took that opportunity two years ago.
sw2441.txt:Well I haven't heard anything about the proposal myself. But uh Uh I don't know if it's their proposal or one that's being seriously kicked around. No. I haven't either. I've I've always felt for a long time that I I think that all young kids ought to do a stint uh primarily in the military. <SEP> Yeah. Uh. Most countries require that now. They you know they have uh it mandatory for for the the uh at least the young men. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't know about the young women. I don't know if they have to serve in the military too. Yeah. A lot. Yeah. Well you take Israel. <SEP> I mean everybody does. Yeah. I don't think it's a bad idea. Teaches teaches a lot. I mean I went in the service when I was eighteen And uh stayed in for ten years. <SEP> Uh-huh. Is that right? Yeah. Uh did a lot of growing up. <SEP> I bet. You have to. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. My father had been in the military. I didn't do it myself. My father had. And that's uh how he put himself through school basically. Yeah. He came from a poor immigrant family. And he didn't have a chance to uh you know. The family wasn't wealthy. So he had to do something to put himself through school. Do it himself. <SEP> And he did. And he was very successful. Well my parents wanted to send me to college. And I was dead set against it. You know I had wanderlust you know. <SEP> Yeah. And I got in. And after after wasting the first six years partying and everything else I decided uh-huh time to settle down and do something. So I started to work on my education. Yeah. Course my job was such that I didn't I couldn't do it as much as I wanted. <SEP> Uh-huh. And still I ended up going two semesters when I got out just to get my degree. That's pretty good. But I've been in school ever since. <SEP> That's good. Yeah. I guess. Yeah. That's uh. I don't know. There's other kinds of service to the country that could be done you know. Yeah. I mean if you don't like. <SEP> I mean working in the national parks Uh working clean up the roadsides. Sure. Exactly. <SEP> I mean I've always felt that people on welfare should be required to spend at least part of their time not all the time because that takes away from their opportunity to look for a job but at least some of their time to look for to go out and clean up the roads. You know. Oh yeah. Absol- Absolutely. <SEP> I mean. All these all this money that we're throwing away to pay people to go out and do things when we're paying all these welfare recipients. And if they're able-bodied people I don't see any problem at all with having them go out there and and if nothing else get a group of them together and take them around to old folks places and let them cut the yards paint the houses. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. We'd learn service to other people in this country. Sure. Sure. So I'm. Get something out of that money. <SEP> Country would benefit. Yeah. I've. I mean uh. Yeah. Yeah. My next door neighbor when I was growing up worked for the unemployment division. And his sole job was just tracking down people who were getting benefits and able-bodied. And. <SEP> That right. Yeah. And he he had all kinds of horror stories. You know these guys go down there and get their unemployment checks. And back back in those days they also use to give you uh booklets good for uh clothing and gas and things like this. Yeah. They get all this stuff together and sit down and have poker games you know. <SEP> Yeah. And I'm I jus- I have a hard time dealing with that. What I hear one time I think it was on Paul Harvey's uh radio segment that he said that if the money that goes into welfare each year was to be given directly to the people without all the middle people in the government bureaucracy each person would receive like forty-five thousand dollars. Uh-huh. <SEP> I mean I was astounded. I don't even make that. No. I know. I you you think about you think about the layer of bureaucracy between the money and the recipient. Yeah. And somebody's taking that away. And and there's probably there's easily probably six or seven times that amount being spent on the bureaucracy. <SEP> Yeah. No doubt. You know it's it's it's totally ridiculous. And now I I I uh started out when I first got in graduate school. I was going into public administration. And uh quite honestly I just got so fed up with it I just couldn't stand it any more. Is that right. Yeah. I mean this is the kind of thing you look at. <SEP> Yeah. You sit there. And when you're writing up budgets you wonder okay how much money do we need. Well you need X number dollars for the recipients. But you need X number dollars to administer the program. Well just ridiculous. Yeah. This is ridiculous. <SEP> It's sad. It is. It's pathetic. I mean there's got to be a different way. There's got to be a better way. But it'll never happen. I mean these these people out here getting that money are big voting blocks. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. What would happen if the required young people to do service to the country. What should they get in return I wonder. Like uh. I think I think there ought to be some kind of assistance as far as uh. And I would limit it strictly to something like tuition assistance. Yeah. Give an incentive. <SEP> Educational or vocational training or something. Yeah. Something that's going to help them along the way. And they'll help the country eventually too because rather than having a bunch of uneducated people we can have educated people. Sure. I mean. <SEP> Well this. I mean I mean look at the statistics. And that's only going to help. I mean it's sad. One in five Americans can't read. <SEP> Yeah. Adults that is can't even read. And and we've got the lowest rates of the civilized countries in science and math. Yeah. I mean what are we what are we becoming? We're becoming a service country. <SEP> As opposed to what we were twenty years ago. Yeah. We were an industrial giant. And now we're no- we're not going to do it because everybody is beating us at the game. We taught them how to do it. And they they did it better than we do. Yeah. Simple as that. <SEP> Because they have the ambition I guess. Yeah. Simple as that. Yeah. Which is good for them. But on the other hand we kind of lose out. Yeah. It's terrible for us. <SEP> I think that if uh young people had service to the country might give them more ambition. Because they learn that serving other people is a good thing. Yeah. Yeah. And and it can be good for them too. <SEP> Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean even even the greedy kids that we've got now. Oh god you go to the mall. And you see you know fourteen year old kids flaunting money because the parents give them money to go down and play video games all night you know. I know. <SEP> For what. I know. Give me the money. And I'll I'll teach them something good. Well you know you know why they do it is so they can get them out of the house. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Uh that's my other complaint. Parents aren't parents any more. No. They've they've relinquished their parenting. Yeah. One of the other subjects is do you think the public school systems are in trouble? <SEP> Yeah. Well as a substitute teacher for a year I I can say yes. Yeah. I mean I talked with somebody else about that another time. And you know when I's in graduate school working on my master's degree in math I was uh teaching as part of my part of the program. And I just love teaching. That was a lot that's probably the most fun I had. And uh it helped me out because I learned things and learned how to do things differently. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And when uh when come time to get out of school I thought Boy I'd like to teach. But you know for for what. Yeah. <SEP> You know I don't want to live in a little one bedroom apartment the rest of my life. Exactly. I mean that that's a sad thing to think. And that's kind of selfish on my part. And I admit that. Well in a way it is. But you have to look out for yourself you know. <SEP> Yeah. That's right. I mean that's some-. And when we pay garbage men more than we pay teachers. That's wrong. Yeah. Gosh. I mean. <SEP> I'm not saying that garbage men should be paid less. I saying teachers should be paid more. No. I mean yeah. They do an absolutely necessary job. I mean I I have a great deal of admiration for these people who can go out there and do that. Yeah. But uh I mean there's there's a sense of priorities here too. <SEP> Yeah. You know we need. What's more important picking up the garbage or educating our kids. Yeah. They both have their place. Yeah. They they. Sure. <SEP> But you know when it gets right down to it. I mean one's import-. I mean on the other hand I mean you take a garbage man in New York City starts out at twenty-six thousand dollars. That's pretty good. Well I bet you there's a whole bunch of homeless people up there who would take that job for thirteen thousand dollars a year. <SEP> Yeah. I mean my other pet peeve is unions. Yeah. Oh yeah. You know it's just it's it's ridiculous the way unions have gone. There was a time when unions were needed. <SEP> And they served a good function. And they served a good function. But there are enough laws on the books now that unions are outdated. And they're only there to perpetuate their own their own power structure. I remember the company my dad worked for the people there went on strike against the management. It was a steel manufacturing place. And they uh. This was during a time when the import steel was so cheap. And they were having a hard time. And they told the strikers there look. We need you to come back and get this stuff done. Or else we're going to be out of business. And they wouldn't come back. So they went bankrupt. Yeah. <SEP> And and they all lost their jobs. Sure. And and and that's really what happened to the steel industry in this country. And it's like you know. <SEP> Yeah. So many times I mean you had the uh the coal miners and steel workers going out at the same time. And well that took care of that industry. That's right. And and then and I'll tell you. Detroit worked awfully hard on on stopping car manufacturing in this country. <SEP> And they're trying to do that now with the imports. Yeah. I mean you know we've never caught up. And I don't think we ever will. It'll be a tough road though. Yeah. I mean here it is. And we've got we've got to go into partnership with the Japanese to build cars. <SEP> Yeah. You know. And they only did it because they I guess they were embarrassed that they're so good at it. Yeah. <SEP> That's about right. Gosh. Yeah. Well back to the original subject. Yeah. I think youngsters ought to go out and do some public service. I don't care what kind it is. It teaches them pride in their country. Yeah. And pride in themselves too. <SEP> That's right. They could they could I mean you could organize something just within your community. Yeah. Same old thing. I mean. <SEP> That's right. That's like Eagle Scouts. Sure. Uh-huh. And that's a great idea. I think they ought to take them and I don't know just have sort of like a a a manpower pool and say Okay look. We need somebody.
sw3838.txt:Okay. Well if you're from Iowa you must be very artsy crafty. Everyone I've ever known from the Midwest can do everything with their hands. Oh well actually I'm from California. And before then I was from Utah. So. <SEP> I didn't know anyone ever moved from California to Kan- Iowa? Well I grew up in California. And then I went to school in Utah. And I got married there. And we stayed there for a while. And then now we're in U- Iowa. I'm teasing only because I'm from Indiana. Oh really. <SEP> I really like I like the Midwest. Oh. But I married a Texan. And they have a way of dragging you back home. <SEP> Anyway we're supposed to be talking about crafts. Do you um do you have any hobbies that that you do things with your hands like knitting or. Um. Well I crochet. And I do water color. And I um sew. And I do fabric painting. <SEP> Oh you do a lot then. Do you do needlepoint also and cross stitching? Um I've done some cross stitching. I haven't tried any needlepoint yet. How about you? Um actually I I'm pretty untalented. Oh right. <SEP> I used to do a lot of knitting and crocheting um. But I I don't know. Somehow I don't have the time anymore. But I have all these friends that wherever you go they they sit down and the next thing you know they pull out of their uh bags some their most recent uh needle craft. Oh really. <SEP> And in December everyone was doing stockings you know these gorgeous detailed minute tiny stitch stockings. Uh-huh. Oh gosh. <SEP> Oh yeah. Well those take a lot of time. Yes. I only can do things that are pretty fast because we just um got our baby last year. And I just don't have the patience to just you know do something. <SEP> Is this your first baby? Uh-huh. Have you crocheted or knitted any baby clothes or baby blankets? Um I crocheted an afghan for our bed. That's the only thing. And and I did a quilt. Let's see I've done a quilt for our baby. And I've done a quilt for our bed. But I mean. <SEP> Did you embroidery the pattern and then quilt it yourself. Or how did you make a quilt? Um. Um our baby's quilt it was a pre like the design. I just went around the design in the quilt. <SEP> Uh-huh. I didn't piece it or anything like that. But uh. But you actually hand quilted it yourself? Uh-huh. And. <SEP> Did did you need a loom. Or were you a-. Was it small enough that you could just hold it? Um I put it on the frame the quilting frame. Have you are you familiar with that? Uh-huh. Yeah. Okay. <SEP> But um my again my mother back in Indiana. We had a quilting frame in our basement. And she would she would quilt whole quilts by herself. Oh my God. Um yes. Which. I was always amazed. I have one of them. Um. But uh you know to have the quilting frame and then to actually do that it's a tremendous amount of work. Well I haven't done tons of them. But um I used to do more before um before I had before we got our baby. But. <SEP> Oh you think children. You can um use crafts to make wonderful things for children. Uh-huh. I think when babies. I think afghans and and the crocheted little sweaters and are are wonderful. And and they'll wear them. Yes. Exactly. <SEP> Once they get old enough to talk then they no longer will wear them. Well one thing that I like about this fabric painting thing is I can just make a T shirt and put a little ruffle around it and then um cut out a little pattern from the material from some material like flowers or something and make um a design or you know a little arrangement or something on the shirt and you know fuse it on with Heat and Bond or whatever and then paint around it. And I usually sew sew around the flower whatever first. And then I paint around it. So you can't see the stitching as much. Does does that make sense to you? So. Oh yes. I think it's very clever. It's uh funny that you said. For Christmas my daughter and I received matching sweat shirts that a friend had made for us. A beautiful Christmas design. Oh. <SEP> And they were matching. And they were lovely. But when I washed them although I took the precaution of turning them inside out I really didn't do anything else. And truly everything fell off or most of it. Oh sure. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh really. So I had I went and bought just some cloth glue and glued it all back. And I bought the paint and redid most of the edges. Oh. <SEP> And and it was salvageable. And I. But it's. So I'm familiar with that. But I think you're very clever to um sew around the edges. I think gluing alone certainly if you wash it any amount of time it tends to kind of come loose at the edges. Well. Yeah. Someone told me that that it that they had done it both ways. And I've always after hearing that I always sewed it on even even with the uh a loose zigzag even helps. And um.
sw2365.txt:Hi. Hi uh. As a matter of fact this past weekend since we had a long weekend I uh took on a painting project in my bathroom. And I had wallpaper up. I had to completely strip the wallpaper off and then spackle holes and then paint that. And it took me all weekend. Because uh the wallpaper getting it off I had to wet the walls down. And that had to dry. And then the spackling had to dry a day. And then the painting took another day. You didn't try re- rewallpapering? You just uh. <SEP> No. I I just painted. Did you use a textured paint. Or. Uh no. Actually the wall behind the paper was smooth. So I just used a like a semigloss. Um. <SEP> And. Well did you get good results? Well no. Not really. I need to. It it looks so bad you can see where those spackling marks were. <SEP> Yeah. I need to uh either paper back over it or do something. But it just didn't it didn't it didn't cover it? <SEP> Yeah. It covered the spots pretty good. But it didn't excuse me it didn't uh uh it just didn't look as smooth as I wanted it to. Well we did a uh. We moved oh last August. And we're getting a house. My house had this dark wood paneling at the end of the den. And we decided. We went to I've forgotten one of the paint stores. And they just said oh you can get by. And I forgotten what it was you put down and then you can just paint right over the dark. Uh-huh. Well more or less. After about uh half dozen coats it looks reasonable. But it kept. The the dark. It was uh just a real dark uh wood grain type paneling. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it was smooth. And uh and we would we put this stuff on. And and it supposedly textured it or did something to it. And but because of the b- dark behind it it was really hard to cover. And. Was it like a primer? Yeah. It was something like that although we sort of when we got through I wished we hadn't done it. Because we were you know we were trying to make the house look nice to sell it. And we were painting it and trying to do uh you know make it. And it it really was you know. The advice they give you is uh. The job was considerably tougher than we thought. <SEP> Yeah. Uh particularly when you try to. I was talking to somebody else who who had a lot of wood panelling. And uh they had gotten somebody to come in with an estimate. And it seemed like there was it was a good sized den with a lot panelling. And the people quoted thirty thousand dollars to paint it or something. Oh my goodness. That's an awful lot. Have you have you tried getting outside estimates to see what it costs to have something painted? <SEP> Not inside. Now uh when we bought the house that we live in right now we had a company that came out and painted it. That was one of the requirements from you know F H A that the house be painted before we bought it. Yeah. And it was fairly reasonable. We have a brick house. But all the trim around the house was uh. Yeah. <SEP> If I remember right it was like five hundred dollars. Oh that's quite reasonable. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> So that wasn't too bad. Um problem i-. Have you have you tried matching paint lately? No. I haven't. My wife. We we built a shed over the long way. Actually it took. This is not on the topic. But I did finish it. But my wife went to the uh Home Depot I think it was and and took a uh a copy took a piece of brick. <SEP> Uh-huh. And she wanted to paint the shed. It's it's a wooden shed uh. And she took it. And they've got this machine that matches the color of paint. Uh-huh. And uh they got. And uh and in fact she put some right ba-. She got. They mixed uh a gallon of it. And uh it's just remarkable how close it will match the paint uh. And it does it uh oh electronically some something magic. <SEP> Oh. So they did do a good job? Yeah. You know they. But it's electronic. <SEP> Yeah. Uh you put your sample under this thing. And it looks at it in- and uh and determines the. And it it's really remarkable. Uh the problem they had. And then they wanted some gray to do the to do the trim. Uh-huh. And uh but they didn't didn't occur to them that um that they could have taken a sample um from. <SEP> Uh-huh. I forgotten. This is Sherwin Williams Paint or something. But anyway. It's it's remarkable. That's one of the problems though when you start painting to try to get the you know. You want this you want this to look like this. And you want that to look like that. And of course if it's all white you're all right. Uh-huh. But when you start getting into colors. Have you had problems getting colors to match? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. As a matter of fact uh what we've got ours painted now is kind of a light creamy color and a uh a blue. And the blue even so many years two years later or so it doesn't match you know. Um. So. <SEP> It's the very same type of paint and everything. Gosh. So. So you. So what's your. What's the solution then? <SEP> Oh I have no idea. I repainted the whole thing. Oh my. Well at least you'll get very good at it right? <SEP> Yeah. You could go back and and paint the whole thing over. Yeah. That's uh this is an interesting topic that they would bring up painting. Because it uh it seems like everybody has a you know to go in and do. I'll just do a little bit here and a little there. <SEP> Yeah. Although the uh. It's uh it. We almost one day. We painted the house to uh. We painted we painted the whole inside. And it had all this dark trim. We thought uh you know. We did the one wall but the other trim. I'm trying to think. I think I think we left most of it because it gets to be uh. They don't do that in the newer houses now. We don't. Yeah. The mold everything is white. <SEP> In a new house everything is white. White. Yeah. That's what we're trying to get ours to look like. Oh good luck. We wound up selling the house. <SEP> Yeah. Actually I I don't know whether it made. Actually it does. It's interesting that the white um makes the rooms look bigger. One of the. In our down stairs in our dining room we have a formal dining room it has molding uh like picture frames I don't know what you call that that actually that are along the walls you know up a couple of feet. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And my wife painted those the insides of those dark blue. Oh I see. And uh it makes the room look remarkably smaller. <SEP> Huh. She painted the insides dark blue and then the trim what color? The trim is still white. <SEP> Okay. The the molding. White. <SEP> Uh-huh. But by. And she did that all the way around the room which makes it look very attractive. Yeah. But it makes the room look smaller which is uh uh which is. <SEP> Yeah. It explains why they why they have everything white. But I you wouldn't think that I. <SEP> Yeah. Well maybe maybe that understands colors would know all of that stuff. Yeah. But. <SEP> Well uh what about the lighting? Did it make a big difference? Uh not particularly. Because the house has so many windows. Oh uh-huh. Uh it has. The the the living room has four uh good size windows. And uh well of course at night. But with the. We have we have a soccer field that's um oh about a hundred yards from our house. <SEP> Uh-huh. And the lights shine right at our house. It's kind of. We didn't know that when we bought the house. But. So that uh. You get some. The color doesn't really matter for because you have that light. Yeah. We have a lot of light. Yeah. And well it it it um well it's just uh I think it's just the the the dark blue to about three feet. And then above that we left it white. So. Anyway it didn't it didn't change. <SEP> I see. But the the interesting thing is that paint we wound up having to go back and scrape some of that away. It didn't. It kind of bled under the masking tape which I guess is probably the topic we're we're really on to that that the masking is. Uh-huh. You have to do that very very carefully. <SEP> And it takes a long time. That's right. You can work yourself to death. Well I'm sorry to hear your color didn't come out so good over the weekend. Yeah. Really. No kidding. It's kind of frustrating. <SEP> It is. A lot of work. A lot of work. Well I've got to go to a meeting. It's been good talking to you. Nice talking to you. Okay. Good-bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw2965.txt:Hi. My last uh auto repair was my my uh alternator went out. I have a nineteen eighty-six Toyota uh. It's a little Tercel. Uh-huh. And uh I have a fri- a friend who's real good with uh repairing cars. So I got him to take the alternator off and take it and uh you know get a replacement part. <SEP> Uh-huh. So we went to a uh a a place called Quality Auto Parts. An and their parts are supposed to be guaranteed and and everything. And they're they're uh very reasonable. So uh I bought the alternator. We p- put it on the car. And it it didn't work. And it blew out all the fuses. Oh no. Yeah. <SEP> How much was the alternator? Uh I bel- something like sixty-nine dollars som- something on that order. Did he did he hook up the wir- wiring wrong? No. He hooked it up right. It it was just that the the part just just didn't fit the car. So. I took it back. And uh he he took the alter- the guy in in the parts shop took the alternator. And he put it on the little thing he has in there to test them. And uh he said there was nothing wrong with the alternator. So we we went back and tried it again put it on again. And it still didn't work. And we took the car up to um a little place called Pep Boys. I don't know if you have them in your area. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh they're they're pretty reasonable uh car repair place also. So uh took it up there towed it up there because it you know wouldn't start or anything. And this thing just kept blowing out the fuses and uh took them about an an hour to um figure out what was what was blowing the fuse. And it was it was the alternator that was blowing the fuse. Anyway ended up taking it to the Toyota dealer. And the only problem was that uh it had to be a genuine Toyota uh alternator because most of the other ones that they say will fit it that that you know they sit in there and everything. But there's just some little difference that um causes it not to work an i-. Uh-huh. They probably built that in so they could make money. Ye- yeah. I guess so. And that was my that was my last experience. <SEP> Well I had a weird. There's a little sensing device uh in front of my uh um I'm not sure right in front of the f- fan. It's a it's an air conditioner sensing device. I don't know why. It actually. There's a metal piece that fits through the belts uh. And somehow that broke off. And uh I I still can't figure out how it broke. And uh anyway so a- this piece obviously um. I have a Subaru. And uh I think you can only get it through Subaru dealer etcetera. So. Uh-huh. Uh this little sensing device costed like sixty bucks. Goodness. Are you able. <SEP> And and I haven't had too many problems with my car. I got a eighty-eight Subaru G L X T. And it. Uh-huh. Uh and then you know just basic maintenance and oil changes. An I and I do not do my oil changes. And I will not do my oil changes. I've I think the first time I tried to do one and ended up um trying to ge- uh. Yo- borrowed somebody else's jack. And I did this. And I went and bought everything. Uh-huh. <SEP> So after buying the filter and all the oil you're looking at ten bucks at least or somewhere in there an and uh and then to go to the trouble that I figured it's easier spending eighteen bucks at Jiffy Lube. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> So that that's um you know. As far as any maintenance on my car I I shy away from the oil changes. That's for sure. Uh-huh. Well my car is uh it's an eighty-six. And I really hadn't had any any trouble with it un- until that. And the car now has a hundred and thirty something thousand miles on it. And uh and this was just recent. So I really can't complain about this one. How did you put that many miles on it in four or five years? Um well I used I used to work uh. <SEP> It was a seventy mile trip everyday you know two ways was seventy miles. Oh a hundred and forty mile trip? No. It was it was just seventy miles. <SEP> Oh thirty-five miles each way. Yeah. Yeah. And uh I did that for about three years. And it really it really added up. I've only taken uh maybe two trips that were about four hours long dow- uh down to Shreveport. And uh the rest of it was you know it's just basically driving a long ways to work. And now I drive like twenty twenty-three miles each way. So I'm getting a little a little uh little relief. But still I drive a long ways. <SEP> Yeah. But I guess because they're highway miles you know it's not so bad on your car as as if it you know were just regular street you know. Uh-huh. Do you work for T I? Yes. I do. <SEP> Okay. Do you? I was going to ask you you know as far as how we're getting compensated for what we're doing right now um. I don't work for T I. And I'm just I get these green. I don't know what you want to call them fake point things. Points. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh I just wondering how I go about getting the cash. Uh there's a number that you call. It's the same number that you that you call to make a call. <SEP> Oh okay. You you call that number. And and uh somehow or another they'll give you an option to leave a message. And you can leave a message. Okay. I know someone that did that. You leave a message. And they'll they'll call you back. <SEP> Okay. All right. Well that's good to know. I haven't been doing. Th- this is the first time I've been called in a long time. And I haven't been doing it. So. Oh really. And uh I've done it maybe twelve times. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I don't know if I've done it quite that much. But uh mine is mixed up too. I have to call and get it fixed. Uh let's see before I had this car I had a um I bought an Audi five thousand. Uh-huh. But I bought it I bought it used. I I just bought it from a friend who was going to who just charged me what the dealer was going to give give him for it for a trade-in. And uh it had a whole lot of miles on it. I I figured maybe I'd get one or two years out of it. An I an I did get a couple of good years out of it. And the uh the engine messed up on me. And then I gave it to a guy to repair who works for the aut- for the Audi dealer. And uh he took the engine apart. And you know he just said he couldn't fix it. So the engine never got put back together again. <SEP> Huh oh well. I. I was driving a sixty-six Plymouth Fury. Wow. I think those old cars might might be a pretty good bet because you. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And Oh tha- that's when they made cars though. I don't know i-. This things was the body was in good condition. And you know it ran fine. It was starting to burn some oil. Uh-huh. Um. Uh-huh. <SEP> And um but I had to you know ge-. You know I after about thr- couple of months after I was out of college I finally splurged and bought my car. So. I read a book one time that said that the best cars were made before seventy-four. Yeah. Well you know these these cars made in the sixties and stuff. I mean the steel I mean the thickness. I mean i- those thin- they're just th-. You just don't see cars like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they last a long time. And they were simple too. The engines were simple and durable. And some people will still buy them you know. Yeah. They'll. Yeah. It's easy to it's easy I guess it's still easy to find engines for those cars engines and transmissions. And if you I guess if you keep trad- changing them out you can keep a car for a long time. Course I guess I could do the same thing with the the Toyota that I have. I just don't know how much they'll want to charge me to. <SEP> It almost costs so much to fix anything or do anything with it. You're just better off buying another car. Yeah. I guess so. But I just think they cost too much in the in the first place now a days.
sw3773.txt:Did you hear our topic? It's in regards to discussing homes. Homes. Yes sir. Uh-huh. What are are you settled in a place? Yeah. I'm settled in a place. I've been in it for twelve years since nineteen uh actually thirteen years since nineteen seventy-eight. And it's in Richardson Texas which is north Texas or north Dallas. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. And we've lived in two houses in Richardson. We moved here in seventy-four and uh changed locations in seventy-eight. <SEP> Okay. How about yourself? Well we uh left here in seventy-six. Uh we were here for a few years. Then we uh have come back just this summer. Right now we're looking for housing uh somewhere down in the Duncanville and Cedar Hill area. Are you familiar with that? Yeah. It's a nice area. <SEP> Yeah. It is. The kids are in school here in Duncanville. We're in a temporary place right now. And uh so they've enjoyed the school. So we're kind of trying to stay here. But. Are you finding it tough trying to find what you want. Or. Well what the problem we got is that we've got five children. Oh boy. <SEP> And so uh we really want four or five bedroom house. And uh you know everybody says you know how many houses are on the market and all that kind of thing. R- right. So we uh we look at the paper. We look at our talk to our realtor. And you can cut you know the listings uh in about a third when you go from three to four bedrooms you know or five. Sure. <SEP> Are you looking. Or you settled. I mean. No. We're settled. And uh we're uh. H- having. I'm probably older than you. I'm fifty-two. But anyway I my youngest is getting married this year graduating college. <SEP> Oh great. So I can board up their rooms and look forward to retirement maybe. <SEP> That empty nest syndrome is going to set in I guess. Oh gosh. So we're looking forward to retiring in about three years and maybe relocating to Florida or somewhere. Closer closer to our families. Great. <SEP> Okay. Okay. You are you from Florida originally? No. From West Virginia. But everyone's uh my wife's parents are from the New York New Jersey area. <SEP> Yeah. So but everyone seems uh has seem to relocated down that area. Oh yeah. Seems like a nice place to go. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. We've got five. And the oldest is uh ninth grade. And the youngest is second grade. And I think they're going to be uh with us forever. I don't know if that's true. But it's sure you know we're not anywhere near looking to uh uh cut down in size. We're we're trying to find. Oh I understand. <SEP> You need very minimum four and probably five. <SEP> Oh yeah. In fact six would be real good. Right. My wife and I can share a bedroom. It's tough to find a five and six room bedroom house isn't it? <SEP> Either. Oh I don't think it's possible unless you you know multimillionaire something like that. Oh I know. <SEP> Uh. Seems like you get in that category you're in the three hundred thousand dollar homes or whatever. And it's that's an awful lot you know. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. It is. Yeah. Uh we're having. Actually if we find something for uh I'd say less than a hundred and twenty thousand we'll be doing all right you know. Right. <SEP> That's uh. But I think the thing's out there. It's just a matter of uh you know looking you know finding the right place uh. Just Matter of looking. <SEP> Right. Lot of people will buy in your situation will buy a four bedroom house and convert maybe the garage or something or the or do something. I had a young lady used to work for me at my office from the high school. And she had uh there were seven kids in her family. <SEP> Wow. And they converted the dining room and did this and that. But they always seemed to get along fine you know. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. I think once we get into a place it will be just fine. But you know it's until then it's uh oh a little stressful you know just looking all the time and that sort of thing. Oh sure. Oh I know. And it's there's nothing harder than that. I always just sort of a assign my wife that chore. Then I would let her narrow it down to three or four. Then I'd go look because women seem to like to look a lot more than men do. <SEP> Oh yeah. Maybe that's the case. At least she's got more opinions you know. There's uh seems like there's more constraints more things that she thinks about. You know openness uh the size of the kitchen and all this kind of stuff that I would probably gloss over and maybe even ignore you know. Yes. <SEP> Why certainly. <SEP> I understand that. So. What kind of business are you in? <SEP> I'm in the uh sporting goods business. I'm a manufacturer's rep. I represent fourteen different hunting and shooting type companies. Oh yeah. Great. What who are you with? <SEP> Uh we're with an organization called uh Wycliff Bible Translators. Uh-huh. It's a a missions organization and uh doing uh translation linguistics that sort of thing. Well great. <SEP> Uh it's got an office down here in uh in near Duncanville. And we just moved down to be on staff down here. So. How how was the uh. S- you say you lived in the Denver area before? Right. How did that compare with this area as far as house- housing prices? <SEP> Uh we were uh really surprised to find that they're higher here. Uh. No kidding. When we moved from Louisiana to Denver it was astounding you know to find that prices were oh I guess almost two or three times as high as we'd expected. And then uh to come down here we thought things would be lower. And they're not. I guess uh really prices for housing are just.
sw3784.txt:Well as far as I'm concerned and it's probably apt that your call's at this time because we just got through watching uh REASONABLE DOUBTS. Which had a you know capital case in it. Uh-huh. And uh m- I personally have uh. My own feelings about uh capital punishment is I think it should be mandatory upon a third conviction felony. <SEP> I do too. Mandatory I mean summary execution on the steps that day. Uh-huh. Well I think you know I'm I'm in that same. I think if it's uh if it's a con- if it's a convicted uh felon on parole uh and he goes out and and commits another crime or kills somebody I you know I I feel the same way. Uh-huh. <SEP> I don't think I think that person is is beyond uh rehabilitation. And and he should be taken out. Well I I also firmly believe that no one is beyond reclamation. Uh-huh. But I do know that some people almost all people usually die before that point. <SEP> Uh-huh. They just get too old. Uh-huh. Uh as far as capital punishment on on it's own merits I have the trouble with the way it's applied. I think it should be applied d- on a little bit more fair manner. Uh and I've I've said this very often. And I believe it to be the a very true axiom. So I would be rather be white rich and guilty than black and innocent. Because if you're if you're black and you kill a white guy you're going to fry. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. Kill you. They will kill you. <SEP> Yeah. And if you're black and you kill a black guy you know it's you know two hundred hours of community service. Yeah. You don't hear you don't hear too much about of those cases. Well it's a social disease that we have called one upsmanship you know. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. We're the majority. So we can do whatever the hell we want to do. <SEP> That's right. And you're the minority. And you're stuck with it. Huh. But uh you know we had this in the Vietnam war you know. We had you know. Population of blacks among military people in Vietnam was about eighty percent. <SEP> Right. But the population of blacks in the military was about twenty-two percent. Huh. The handwriting's on the wall there isn't it? <SEP> Yep. It sure is. You know but that's another issue altogether. Yeah. It's. As far as capital punishment I think that uh ten years on death row is cruel and unusual punishment. I think the guy should have ninety days. And if he can't produce evidence not argument but evidence. <SEP> Uh-huh. See the only thing I don't you know I don't understand I guess I I don't understand our judicial system uh as it is right now. Because I you know if somebody has been convicted and has been sentenced to be put to death how is it that they can appeal and appeal and appeal and get stays of ex- execution? I mean how you know is there. Well. <SEP> Th- that goes back to when uh America was a a colony of England. Uh-huh. In England you went to court you were assumed guilty until proven innocent and once they found you guilty you know judge said he's guilty kill him. Well th- there were some people that uh that had a problem with that. Because they found out later on that jeez you know a guy will lie rather than get killed. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. And he'll say you know hey that guy did it you know not me. <SEP> Yeah. And uh or he'll have somebody lie for him. You know people lie. It's a strange thing. Yeah. But they do that. And to prevent that kind of misuse of power they wrote into the Constitution a protection against judicial mishap. <SEP> Uh-huh. Huh. And the judicial mishap in this event would be hey you got the wrong guy. Look at that guy uh at E Systems. <SEP> Yep. They were g- they convicted him of a robbery that he could not physically have been able to commit. Yeah. He was too far away when it happened. He had witnesses that were you know they weren't dope dealers they weren't drug fiends they were employees of a an establishment that had a very high level of security sense too. And these were really responsible people. <SEP> Huh. You know and they convicted this guy because somebody says well he looks like the right guy. They all look the same to me you know. <SEP> Yeah. Big lips flat nose yep that was him. Yep. What do you think about uh uh convicted uh.
sw3550.txt:Okay. All right. Go ahead. <SEP> Well what kind of car would I want to buy. Yeah. I don't know. The question is I mean would I want to buy. Or would I would I probably actually buy. May be two different things. Oh well if you if you had all your all the money in the world or something. <SEP> If I had all the money I wanted then that's whole different matter. No. In that case I'd I'd I don't know. I I my dream car for years was a was a Porsche Turbo. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh I don't know if I'd want one of those now. Oh really? <SEP> Of course I would want one if somebody was was given to me. Yeah. But I maybe would buy a B M W. Uh or or even a Volvo. Uh-huh. <SEP> What do you have now? I've got a uh a Dodge Daytona. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's actually the first car we ever bought new. Oh really. Yeah. We just we well I have. My car is the first one we ever bought new too. Uh-huh. But we just bought another used car a couple weeks ago actually. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Me too. So what car do you drive? What is it? Uh mine is a Honda Accord. <SEP> Uh-huh. We almost bought one of those. Do you like it? Yeah. I do. And and um it's funny because after I bought it I was doing a lot of business traveling. And I. Some of the cars that I got were like the Toyota Camry and the Nissan Maxima and some of the competitors. Uh-huh. And um I don't like them as well except it wasn't really a fair comparison because those were automatics. And mine is a standard. <SEP> Yeah. And the reason I got a standard was because I thought it handled a lot better. Uh-huh. It had a lot more pickup and everything. <SEP> Yeah. You get a little more control over when when it's doing the things it's doing. Uh-huh. Yeah. Uh what what rental agent did you go to to actually rent to rent those kind of cars. Um. <SEP> Usually AVIS. To what AVIS? AVIS. <SEP> Really. Yeah. Huh. I guess. It's just because we're on. I think of it. I'm not sure those are AVIS or not. But we have corporate contracts you know with the various companies. <SEP> I see. Uh-huh. So it depends on your destination too. <SEP> Right. Kind of strange. You work for a big company then. Work for T I. Uh-huh which is how I heard about this. <SEP> T I I see. Uh-huh. Um. But yeah. I I uh I don't know. I would probably if I were to buy a car mys- you know with the constraints of real money I probably would would go with something like you know like a Honda Accord. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Maybe it would. One thing I I really liked about about the Dodge Daytona is the fact that they have uh this seven year warranty. Oh really. <SEP> Um and it really saved us some big money once. It did huh. Yeah. They had a whole bunch of things that that sort of broke at the same time. Oh my gosh. <SEP> And the bill would have been over fifteen hundred dollars. And I had to pay twenty five for the. Oh that was great. Yeah. It was. That's unusual to hear. Usually you know something breaks. You look at the warranty. And it's excluded. <SEP> Well we we bought the extended the the extension and uh at the time we bought it it was like you know I don't know four hundred and twenty-five dollars or something extra. Oh I see. Okay. Oh you got your money's worth. <SEP> Yeah. We did. But you know we really debated at the beginning. And of course I'm glad I did it. Yeah. Yeah. That is good. <SEP> But um we still have we still have like you know coup- three years left on it. Yeah. Well I've been lucky. Mine hasn't had any trouble except last week a shopping cart crashed into it. Oh no. But I was real lucky because it just hit the um the lens to the light. <SEP> Bumper? Oh. It didn't actually dent the car or anything. So it cost me twenty-five bucks to replace that. <SEP> Well that was good. And the store will pay for it anyway. Are you. So. No big deal. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um if you were if you were going to uh buy a new car would you buy another uh another Accord? Um I probably wouldn't just because I already have one. <SEP> Uh-huh. But you know if I had to make the choice again I yeah I I'm perfectly happy with what I decided um although we did just buy another car. Uh-huh. And that's a Legend. <SEP> Oh yeah. Those are nice. Um but it's it's a used one. Uh-huh. And um my husband has really wanted one for a long time. And the fact that you know this c- this car that I have has performed so well. And before that I also had an Accord. It was a real old one. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh I bought that used. I had absolutely no money to my name and bought that. And it served me real well too. Uh-huh. So he's been impressed with all the Honda cars. <SEP> Right. And. Yeah. My sister drives one. She drives a uh I don't know is it Legend. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's a. I'm not certain. But she's liked it. Um. Yeah. But I I have I have never had. And we. In fact what I'm driving right now. We bought a we only had one car for a long time. And and yet most of our usage of the car was just this little shuttle back and forth four miles to work and back kind of thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. <SEP> And so uh I bought a used Yugo just to be a little you know little car that I could care less about. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> How did it go for you? Oh well it's uh it's worked. Hasn't left you stranded. <SEP> I mean that's exactly what it is you know. It's just a it's a cheap little little car just to go you know run around town in. Yeah. I know. Yeah. <SEP> And uh. It's actually kind of fun to drive. I I. You know getting back in the Daytona now I almost don't like it. You know. Really. It's like too too mushy. And it you know it's an automatic. Huh. <SEP> And. Well that's what my husband thinks about my car now that he's had the Legend. It's too. The steering. It's windy. <SEP> You know you feel like you're in a boat or something you know. It's kind of. I can't drive that. The Legend it's just so huge. Oh. I I don't like it. And it's so uh.
sw2229.txt:Do yo- are you on a reg- regular exercise program right now? Yes. And I hate it. <SEP> How about you? Oh well I'm kind of off and on. Off and on. Well I guess I've been kind of off and on. I've uh Had some health problems that have led me to uh. Right now I'm kind of off. <SEP> I'd say more on than off. Okay. What type of exercise do you do? Uh I do walking on the treadmill. And then I do low impact aerobics. Okay. I guess you don't enjoy that very much. <SEP> Not not really. Do you find that uh to be boring? Yeah. And time consuming. I mean it's not just the exercise that's boring and time consuming. It's uh you know afterwards you know. Then you have to take a shower and get cleaned up you know. Yeah. <SEP> Well I'm trying to get back in shape for softball this spring. Oh yeah. But I. <SEP> Do you go through this is this something that you go through every year. Yeah. I haven't decided whether whether I want to play yet or not. I just bought myself a solo flex machine. I don't know if you've seen those advertised on T V. Uh-huh. It's one of those uh universal type machines exercise machines. But I haven't really sat down and used it match yet. So it's collecting dust right now. <SEP> Yeah. A lot of things do that. I had an I had an exercise bike. I used to jog somewhat. I use to have one. And I finally got rid of sit cause I never used it. But I do use my treadmill. Uh-huh. Well that's good. Yeah. My parents have a treadmill. It's. When I go visit them uh I get on that thing every now and then. <SEP> Yeah. It's nice because when the weather's bad you can't you don't have any excuse. Uh-huh. I just got the bicycle out today. And it was real nice outside. Had to get out to do something. Yeah. I can't ride a bike. So. I've been sitting in here in the house all weekend with a cold. So thought I better better get outside and do something and not waist the day. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. It's too nice. It's been too nice all weekend. But uh yeah. I need to start jog something again. I've always of that to be uh really one of the best forms of exercise. But it's terribly boring. And so I really don't ever keep a program up consistently. <SEP> Have you ever had any injuries from jogging? No. I never have. Well I don't job enough I think to develop any injuries. I usually only go about a mile or two. I guess it worries me about jogging it's that I hear that it's very hard on your body and and that you know you can end up getting hurt worse. Yeah. <SEP> It's it's tough on the joints if you jog on concrete or on asphalt. Uh-huh. Suppose to be much better if you find grass uh or or dirt to jog on. <SEP> Yeah. That's not quite so so easy. You have to have the right type of shoes too. That's very important. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I found that true especially from walking on toe and fronts. But. <SEP> Yeah. I don't have to buy jogging shoes all to often. My don't get very much use. Well I guess my breakdown about they say about every six months. Uh-huh. I usually enjoy the exercise I do. But uh like I said I'm just not very consistent about maintaining a a program. So I'll I'll bicycle. I get into that for for a little while and maybe go out uh on a consistent basis every couple of days and ride a bike for awhile. But then I'll get tired of doing that and maybe start jogging again and go out about three or four nights a week. <SEP> But uh that gets old too in a very short order. <SEP> Yeah. I'm I'm hoping that this uh solo flex will uh uh change things a little bit. I really need to get on a regular type of program and use that thing on a consistent basis. Yeah. Well don't let it collect dust. At least exercise while dusting it off. Yeah. <SEP> Well. Maybe if I can get interested in playing softball again this string I can uh start some type of uh regular program. Yeah. That that'll be good. I've always found that uh when you write things down and set goals it's a lot easier to keep uh keep something going. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh when I was in high school we had a choice of uh taking uh physical education courses on exercise. An uh one of those involved a six weeks session on a universal machine lifting weights and uh working out like that. Oh. And that was very helpful. We kept charts of our progress and uh consistently increased the empty of resistance so you could see how much you improved over the weeks. <SEP> Uh-huh. I found that to be uh very helpful. Are you going to do that? Uh I need to. <SEP> I haven't started yet. But uh it's a thought. Well that sounds like something good to do then. Sounds like something I should do. <SEP> Yeah. Nice way to start off this spring. Get back in shape. How often do you uh uh go out each week on your walking? <SEP> Well I do. I switch every other day. One day I walk. And one day I do the aerobics. Okay. How far about how far do you go walking? Well I'm trying to get my tolerance now. I just had surgery um less then two months ago. And right now I'm just a little over about a mile and a half. Okay. <SEP> But I'm trying to workup to three miles. Well that's good. Well they say that walking is just as good if not better then jogging. Yeah. It. <SEP> It takes it's just that it takes longer to get to the same effect. Sure. Yeah. But. Well if you keep up with a consistent pace just to uh keep the heart rating going uh. <SEP> My walkman broke. Yeah. So I'm upset. <SEP> And I just have to turn to stereo up real loud. Yeah. But it's a lot less stressful on the joints then jogging is. <SEP> Yeah. It is. And this doesn't you know. My treadmill has an incline. And you know you can get a really good workout on it. Um do you go to an aerobics class. Or do you watch on T V? No. I I just do it on T V. <SEP> Okay. I have a cassette. Which uh shows do you watch on T V? <SEP> Um it's a it's a tap-. I use tapes. Oh okay. Okay. Like a Cathy Smith workout. Or or Richard Simmons. Or Jane Fonda. <SEP> Okay. Sweating to the oldies. Right. I ev- every now and then I'll watch E S P N. I get cable on T V. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they have uh a couple of shows called basic training. And uh what is the other one called. There was one guy I use to watch on E S P N. I don't know if he's still on any more or not. I don- I don't know if I get E S P N or not. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh one you know. I use to watch one watch one on the air. But that was back. BODIES IN MOTION that's that's the name of the one I was thinking of. That's was. Yeah. With Gill. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I watched that cause he was cute. Yeah. He- he- he's not bad. His assistants usually aren't either. <SEP> But uh. They're always in in Hawaii some place. On on the beach. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. But then that was back when uh you know the high impact and. Yeah. Well they they do low I pact stuff now. <SEP> Do they. They're on every day. Are the-. Yeah. They're still they're still he's still doing it then uh. Yeah. Every morning. <SEP> I'll have to tune in. It's on E S P N uh. At what time. I can't remember what time. It's uh you know. I can't remember offhand what time. I'll have to check it check check check it back up. Yeah. <SEP> And but the thing is everybody always looks so good on that show at least on. Yeah. Every now and then. Not everybody has a picture perfect body. Uh-huh. Well I found that they they have just a much better program than the other shows that are on T V. <SEP> I haven't watch any other ones on T V. Just on some of the tapes. They're on weekdays at eleven o'clock every day. Monday through Friday incase you're interested in that. <SEP> Okay. Thanks. I actually taped a few session that they had on there. But uh I haven't done so much as uh watch the tape that I made. Now that's a thought. <SEP> So I'm kind of bad about that myself. Well that's thought. I haven't thought about that. Well they're going to beep us pretty soon. Okay. Well I sure enjoyed to you about exercise and fitness. <SEP> Nice talking to you too. Okay. Thanks. So all right. <SEP> Talk to you later. Good night. Bye. Bye.
sw3487.txt:Uh advice on son or daughter going to college. Right. Uh that's advice that I will need in time future for my children rather than one that I have uh personal experience with. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh I suppose I would ask what the child wants to do in life and what the child hopes to to get out of college and what sort of college would best meet meet those needs. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Uh let's see. When I when I went away to school I'm trying to think my criteria. I guess when you're when you're eighteen or so uh it would be important to know if it was a coed college. That was a a strict requirement for me. Uh again what uh how serious a person is according to uh uh you know what what they want to get out of school and uh I guess they'd have to consider how expensive the college is and how close to home if they could handle being away for real long periods of time or if they need to be somewhere where they can drive home when they needed to get home. Uh let's see uh. Now what was the question. What what's the criteria for picking a college? What advice would you give? <SEP> What advice. Oh okay uh. I guess one clear-cut piece of advice is by all means visit the college campus. <SEP> Yes. Uh stay in a dormitory if you can. Go to classes. Talk to faculty members and students. Yes. And also uh depending on how uh uh adjustable your child would be or or flexible I guess it would be uh. If if they chose a college in a different part of the country that maybe the they were unused to their that the way they run things. I mean the the northern colleges are very different than the southern colleges I think. The people are different. And uh you have to be more flexible and more willing to uh uh adjust to other people's mannerisms and customs or ways of doing things. You know you have to be a flexible person to be able to go all the way across country to something totally different than what you're used to. Uh. Yes. I'm thinking what what problems my children might have in that uh. <SEP> You think so? But I agree with you. Uh let's see. What else. Uh well climate would be. You know you'd have to. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know is somewhat. If uh if it's something different than the one they're used to I guess uh. If they're used to the northern weather then the southern weather they might kind of feel like they need to go out and play all the time not be in studying. If you're in Florida or California. Uh. I I'd also advise them that uh if mom and dad paid for their college that uh if they decided to drop a course or decided that they need another year then they'd have to get a loan to continue. Yeah. <SEP> Well course it it is a big factor in having an understanding of how much parents will pay and how much has to come from other sources and your willingness one to to work during the summer or or part time. And two uh to to take out loans to assume uh debt after college. That's right. <SEP> There's. The the responsibility of that. And uh uh uh they could they could work and earn money towards college. Also if they stay within their state you get a lot more financial aid. Or it's a lot cheaper if you stay within your state than if you go out of state to a private school uh. Yes. <SEP> And like I said if they was willing to work uh in the summers and also maybe then the parents could pay a third. And then maybe they could take out a loan for a third depending on how expensive it is. By the time I have an eleven year old is my oldest. So it's not too far away. But it's. Mine is twelve. Oh okay. But it's getting there. I mean we still have definitely can put away the money for college now. Uh I would advise that that they did not have a car at college. They would. That's my gut feeling too. I. My son is certainly not persuaded of that. Hello? <SEP> Yes. I'm here. Oh yeah uh. Yes. I didn't have a car in college. I think it's more an in- a burden to to provide for. No. <SEP> I think so too. I think I think because most kids don't have a car at college the ones that do get taken advantage of. And you know there is just I think it's just trouble waiting to happen. So I would advise they didn't they didn't take a car. And uh they didn't take a television. Is it. And they didn't take a refrigerator. Maybe that. Uh I didn't do any of those though. I feel less strongly about the T V -s and refrigerators. <SEP> No. I I. Yeah. We didn't have.
sw3387.txt:Well I don't know what to do about the federal budget. Um there certainly have been ideas surfaced uh recently uh matter of fact repeatedly by many people. And I sort of wondered what your what thoughts you had on that area. The the first one is we need people in there that that understand uh numbers. The numbers that are being thrown around when when we're talking in trillions of dollars. Uh which is an astronomical sum. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and the people that are talking this numbers have no concept of what that number means. Now are you are you talking about the elected people. Or are you talking about others? The elected people. Yes. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Our our our Senate and Congress and and people that that deal everyday and and what's going to be done with those monies um and don't really understand what that is or how a budget even works. Yes. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh we need to elect people that are more uh. Or. I'm not sure how you would ach-. How would you achieve that? I mean if. Well let's let's make them have a degree in economy uh or economics. So you would trust the decision making dec- economists? <SEP> Well. Sometimes called the dismal science. Yeah. But but people that that know the value of a dollar that understand the value of a dollar. Uh-huh. Yes. <SEP> Um and wh-. In in in. The the uh lobbyists needs them to be eliminated uh from Congress. Um. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yes. They don't make pragmatic decisions. They make a decision based on consti- constituency instead of a decision based on what they really believe. Yes. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um you know th- or they tack on this uh pork bellies and and do things that that are good for their area to pass something that is that is not good for the country. Right. So so you would favor a law which said there could not be lobbyists. I mean right now lobbyists require to register you'd just say Ma- make them all. <SEP> Oh I I definitely would. Yeah. Get rid of them. Totally. Uh. No causes that you think the lobbyists would be good for? <SEP> I I think that any company or anything that wants to contribute to a fund should be able to do that and be registered with what they ever contribute. Uh-huh. But they should not have a one-on-one relationship with the people making the decisions that affect them. Uh-huh. <SEP> That that's a conflict of interest as far as I'm concerned. Yeah. When you are talking again uh billions and trillions of dollars uh you're you're jeopardizing the future of the country uh for today. Uh-huh. <SEP> That. So uh you talk about jeopardizing the future. Would you be against any deficit spending? I I think to bring it in line you are going to have to have a generation that's going to really bite the bullet to bring it in line. You can't ease into it. It took years and years to build up the momentum that's there now. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I I forget the figures on the interest rate. But it's something like uh hundreds of thousands of dollars a second in interest. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Part of the problem is we don't loan from ourselves. We we buy from intimate international banking. That's why we have interest. Uh-huh. And and I I I really feel that that that is part of the problem that we we've let things get so out of control that that we don't want to put the brakes on them. But wha- what practical steps could on- could one take? Um. <SEP> By by having a a a budget that is is feasible that is reasonable. Well but everybody will say that he is for that. Uh. And and how will you make that actually happen? Oh of course. Sure. <SEP> And then add on to it. You take the gross national income and you say our budget is X number of percent of this gross national income. Uh-huh. <SEP> One thing we could do is give a ten percent income tax. Across-the-board. Uh-huh. Everyone no matter what pays a ten percent income tax. Yep. <SEP> Sounds like a good idea. Uh. Nothing escapes right? No no deductions nothing. <SEP> That's right. Right. No deductions. Just ten percent. <SEP> You pay a ten percent income tax. Yep. That's what you pay. If you make forty million dollars uh then you're going to pay four million. Right. <SEP> I-. If you make forty dollars you're going to pay four dollars. And and that's it. Yep. So that that's it. That's I mean. I I agree with that. That's a good idea. And is it your expectation that that would raise the total revenues collected or or lower them or what? I don't know that it would or wouldn't.
sw2608.txt:Okay. Do you want to go first? You can go first. Or I will. <SEP> Well you go ahead. Okay. Well I'm going to tell you what I'd have. Down in the south we have a lot of shrimp okay? <SEP> Oh. Yeah. And I have uh shrimp that is steamed in beer that I cook. <SEP> Oh yeah. Uh-huh. And then I have a cauliflower that I would cook garlic bread green salad tea. And we'd have a lemon pie for dessert. <SEP> Oh it sounds fantastic. Yes. And what's really neat about it is the shrimp is cooked in your uh like your rice steamer your rice cooker. Oh yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um you place the shrimp in the in the rice steamer. And you put a bay leaf and put some uh red pepper over it. Uh-huh. Now you can either use you know the kind that comes in the little can. Or you can just get some you know regular red peppers. <SEP> Is it cayenne pepper you mean? Cayenne? Yes. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you put a little bit of that over it. Now if you use the dried kind? Then you would only use two of them. Yes. And you put that in there. And then you pour two bottles of beer over it. <SEP> And how much shrimp would you use? Two pounds. Two pounds. Okay. That's the jumbo shrimp in the shells. <SEP> Oh yeah. Leave the shells on them so they won't just roll up. Uh-huh. And you pour the beer over the top of it. And you cover it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you only cook it until the mixture begins to boil and the shrimp turn pink. Okay. <SEP> Uh-huh. Then you remove it. And you put it on a platter. And then you serve it with melted butter. And uh I usually put garlic powder in mine. Oh yeah. And they can just dip it. And they shell it as they eat it. <SEP> Sure. But uh then the mi- uh the cauliflower you cook that in the microwave. Uh-huh. And what you do is you just uh wash it. And you core it. And in a like a oh what do you call it? Like Pyrex or something like that kind of bowl that would go in the microwave. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> A glass dish. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But it's got to have one that has a cover on it. <SEP> Okay. Uh-huh. And you uh put about two tablespoons of uh water into this bowl and about an eighth a teaspoon of salt. Yeah. And then you just set your cauliflower in there. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then you cook it for seven minutes on high. And you rotate it one time. And it's are you cooking the whole head at one time? Uh-huh. <SEP> Y- Uh when you core it you be real careful so you won't knock your flowers off. Okay. <SEP> I see. And uh you just set it in there. And you microwave it on high for seven minutes. And you turn it one time. Uh-huh. And while that's cooking I take mayonnaise about a cup of mayonnaise and a teaspoon of mustard and some garlic powder. And I mix it all together. And I shred up some just regular white cheese. <SEP> Uh-huh. And after that's cooked you take it out and pour this on top of it. And then you sprinkle the cheese on top of that. And you cook it for another three minutes on high you know just mainly to melt the cheese and everything and let all the seasoning melt into it. Uh-huh. And it's done. <SEP> Yeah. Oh that sounds fantastic. It is good. <SEP> But it it looks. I mean what you can do then see is like what I usually do is I'll like sit the cauliflower in the middle. And then I put the uh shrimp around the outside of it you know on my platter. Um um. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then I have a green salad that I put around the outside of that. And you know you have all the different seasonings and stuff. And then I just fix little individual cups for them. And they have the garlic bread. Sure. And it makes it a real nice looking you know. <SEP> And it's not much work. Huh-uh. Huh-uh. But it looks like it you know. <SEP> That sounds. Yeah. Real-. You look like you went to a whole bunch. <SEP> I bet it tastes good too. Right. And uh usually I cut those little cherry tomatoes up and put some color into it you know. Oh yeah. And I'll lay those on top of my salad you know to make it look nice and things like that. <SEP> Now how many could you serve? Okay. Uh it usually serves six. Yeah. O- okay. I figured about that. Yeah. <SEP> Oh that's good. See out here we have so many uh ethnic people. We have Italians. And we have Portuguese. And we have Russians and Polish. And it depends out here like the type of people you're going to entertain you know? Uh-huh. So it's hard uh. You you just have to pick something for the the group that you're going to entertain for that particular time. Yeah. <SEP> And uh they're big on finger food here too. You know chicken wings and uh ribs and that kind of stuff. Uh barbecue and uh cooking out in the yard it ya- you know when it's nice. Barbecue outside chicken and that kind of stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Have you ever had crawfish? <SEP> Uh no. But I have had shrimp. Oh. You ought to try some crawfish. They are good. But see that's one good thing about living down here is usually anybody that comes over you know even if it's like out of town guests and stuff they want our cooking. Oh of course. You know they want it from down here. <SEP> That's. Yeah. Because just like now especially crawfish it is starting to move out you know. And more and more people are beginning to find out how good it is. <SEP> Really? But. Is it like shrimp? Uh it's similar. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's similar. Yeah. It's not exactly. Ch-. I mean it's got a taste of its own you know. But it is it is similar to because you only eat the tails of it. <SEP> Oh it does? Does it look like a lobster? <SEP> Um it looks more like a crab. Oh it looks more like a crab. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh. But. Are they thin long or wide? No. <SEP> Um let me think of I can't even think of what you. I guess if it uh it looks like more like a cross between uh a crab and uh and a lobster. Uh-huh. Because it's small like that. And it's got the pinchers like a crab. But you know it's it's similar to a lobster too because the tail has got the little pleats in it like a lobster would. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yep. And we call them mud bugs. Oh. But I mean they're fantastic tasting. They are so good. Everybody. It's it's the season for them right now. <SEP> And and where did you say you were from? Louisiana. Louisiana. Oh well do you do cajun cooking? Oh yeah. <SEP> Oh I love uh blackened you know uh the the fish and the chicken and that kind of stuff. Uh-huh. Oh ! We have a few places up here that do that. Yeah. <SEP> And if ever I see it on the menu I always get it. Yes. It is so good. You know. <SEP> Now how do they do the blackened? You buy it you buy it as a seasoning. But uh do you have to have a certain skillet or something? Huh-uh. <SEP> Huh-uh. No? I cook mine well do you have a uh like a black iron skillet? <SEP> I did have. I don't have it now. But I have mostly Teflon. Oh okay. Well I guess you could cook it in in that too. You now. But. But I don't know. You know I never have. I use uh uh the black iron skillet to cook mine. <SEP> Do- does it have to get extremely hot? Uh-huh. Yeah. But it really it's not it it it doesn't burn or anything like that. The blackening is really the seasoning. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean there is it's it's a blackening seasoning. Oh oh I see. <SEP> Yeah. You know I mean that is a seasoning. That's really it's not like you would have to cook it for an extreme amount of time or something like that to get it. <SEP> Oh I see. Because it's called uh what it's called is Blackening Magic. And it it comes in a bottle. And uh Well I'm trying to see. Oh. It's got a a picture of Dom De Luise on it. <SEP> Oh really? Uh-huh. Oh. Now would you would cook it for the same amount of time as you would prepare it any other time? Right. <SEP> Is that what you're saying? Uh-huh. Oh uh-huh. Because I could have the uh chicken on the skewers with uh uh blackened seasoning. But. <SEP> Uh-huh. And oh that is so good. Delicious. Yeah. But you do have to have it you know you do have to have it hot when you cook it. I mean your pan. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. It does have to be really hot you know when you put it in. But it's not like it's burned. And it what it what blackens it is the seasoning. <SEP> Oh. And it is so good. Oh !. It is. I I love it. Yeah. <SEP> I I in fact I was in Texas for a little while. Uh-huh. And I liked uh the barbecues and the Mexican food. Uh-huh. <SEP> I have a passion for all that type of different tastes. Because I have been brought up mostly Italian American food. Because my uh parents are Italian and Portuguese. So we cook a lot of pasta and uh gravies and pizzas and you know roasts and that kind of thing. Uh-huh. That's why I enjoy going to restaurants and have you know trying different things. Well have you ever thought about coming to Louisiana you know to visit? <SEP> I would love to. Yeah. You ought to come down. I. Um you don't even have to go all the way to New Orleans you know if you want to really get some good food. <SEP> Really? I mean you don't have to go that far south. Uh-huh. But uh of course the further south you go the better the food is as far as I'm concerned. <SEP> Is that right? And fact is we're going to take a vacation this year. We're going to go to New Orleans again. Uh-huh. And uh we're only going down there for the food though. <SEP> Now wher- where do you go when you go there? Uh right on Basin Street and those places? Uh yeah. We go to the the French Quarters and stuff like that. Uh-huh. And uh I have some friends that live down there. And so usually we go to we don't go to the tourist ones. <SEP> Oh. We go to the ones that they tell us to go to you know. Oh I see. And we went to this one. It was called The Back Porch. And uh they were cooking the stuff you know while we were we went on this boat ride. And then we came back and ate out on this it was like a back porch. And uh usually if you can find somebody. <SEP> Oh that's nice. Of course now when you go down there you know I mean they've got just. There's no where you can miss. Uh-huh. I have never gone to a restaurant and not just been so full. It's unreal. <SEP> Really? I mean it's so good. The seasoning they it's just unreal. And don't they make a lot of um. I'm trying to think what they call their soup. I don't know. Gumbo. <SEP> Yeah. Jumbo. No gumbo. Gumbo. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Right. Is is is that with seafood? Uh-huh. You can even make it with chicken or you can make it with seafood. <SEP> Oh you can? Uh-huh. That looks good too. I've seen them d- the chefs on T V do that? Uh-huh. <SEP> And oh it looks delicious. And I'll tell you what. See we do um uh a thing we call it a sea bake. You uh you take clams.
sw2078.txt:Here goes Sharon. Okay. Well what do you think about Nolan Ryan being the first baseball player to earn a million dollars? That's the only thing I found out tonight. <SEP> Oh you found that out tonight? Yeah. I haven't even heard that. That's great. I think he deserves every penny of it. Yeah. <SEP> But there are some others out there that I don't believe deserve the money they're getting. Well isn't it funny how baseball's getting less than like football players would. Oh yeah. Wonder because football. <SEP> And they play a lot they play a lot longer season too. And a lot more games right? Yeah. That's exactly right. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I think let's see. The teams that were there last year were see somebody from California. I don't even know who won the pennant last year. Beats me. I mean I know Yankees have won a lot games. Through the years. Yeah. <SEP> Not lately though. We have been talking about this. I tried to call earlier. Uh-huh. And we had made a list of all these uh baseball teams and the cities that they were from. Then I started cleaning. And I don't even know where I even put that paper. <SEP> Threw it away. Yeah. I was just cleaning and throwing. Oh gosh. Let's see. The teams that. I think the A's were in it last year. The Oakland A's and I think it was I don't think it was an all California baseball. Well have you ever played baseball? <SEP> I played softball. Well that's what I did when I was growing up. Yeah. That was fun. <SEP> Yeah. That's fun. That's a whole different sport. Uh-huh. Yeah. Let's see. But I think I think the Rangers need to go. And I think the Pirates will go. And uh let's see. Rangers have got a new guy this year. I don't even remember his name either. Do you ever go see the Rangers? <SEP> Every once in a while I I like to go on the nights when there's not anybody out there not very many people out there. It's a lot more fun when you're not fighting a crowd. Yeah. I think it's fun. I like just looking at the billboards. Yeah. B-. Sometimes when I if you go out there during the day you just fry under the sun. Yeah. It's nice at night. <SEP> Yeah. That's when I've been. It is. Well. <SEP> And do you know anything about that new stadium. Have you seen all those pictures that they're going to put out there? No. Yeah. That that huge. It's suppose to be a huge stadium. And it's going to have little shopping centers in it and little like a lake or something running through it. And uh they're going to try to make it a real community center out there. Cou-. And you're going to be able to buy your. What was no wait about the liquor? <SEP> That's that's in uh Texas stadium where the football players play. Oh yeah. So you. And they're never going to let liquor in there. Well they're trying. <SEP> I know. But they try every year. And every year they get thrown out. It's so stupid because they let you take it in there. But they don't they don't allow you to sell it don't allow them to sell it there. Uh-huh. But uh that new stadium's going to be real nice. And I heard that there's uh that you can bid on that stadium. Last night on the news I heard that they said you could you could bid on the stadium to have it named after you. So. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> And it's going to go to the highest bidder. Oh. Well that's the way to do it. Yeah. So that could be your you know fifteen minutes of fame. You hear that? That's my kids turning on their music. <SEP> Oh. Holly turn it down. I think it's the Bart man the Simpsons. Oh God. I stay away from them. I wish I could. <SEP> I bet you do. Well where are you? In Plano. Okay. I'm in Garland. <SEP> Oh you are? Yeah. My h- my husband teaches in Plano. Oh what's he teach? C V A E. <SEP> Uh-huh. So what do you do? I teach. But I teach for Dallas. Oh you do? For right now. I'm trying to get out. <SEP> Is that a tough system to be in? Uh-huh. Real hard? Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I would think it. I mean it's good because they they try new things you know. But it's like they'll try something. And then they throw it out and get something else you know. Yeah. And you get tired of that. <SEP> That's typical bureaucracy though. That's that's I think it's going to be any where you go. It's just worse in the bigger cities than it is in the smaller ones. Yeah. <SEP> I don't know. Sometimes the smaller ones are just as bad. Well but they can't be though. They don't have as much money. Yeah. Most of the time. <SEP> But the politics the politics gets worse in the small towns sometimes. Oh man in Dallas you don't even know who's in in administration. There's so many of them. You don't even know who to payoff huh? I mean somebody walks in the a classroom. And you don't know what they're there for you know when they're coming how long they're going to be. <SEP> Yeah. Oh how funny. You know it's just there they are. And they're writing the whole time. No communication whatsoever. No. I had them walk out of my class and not say their name anything. <SEP> And I finally just got to where I go okay I'm Debbie Moore you know may I ask who you are and what you are in my classroom for you know. Yeah. Because you know you never know where they are going what they'll report. Or. <SEP> I know. And they'll tell you they've written something down. And you hope they're telling you the truth. And you never see it. No. Huh-uh. <SEP> That's got to be frustrating. Oh it is. How long you taught taught in Dallas schools? Uh this is my eleventh year. <SEP> Ugh that's about uh ten too many. No. Actually it's. Now my job's good much better than a lot because I'm Chapter One. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. And all I do is teach reading all day long. <SEP> Oh. And it's just ten children at a time. Oh well that's not bad. No. It's good. And you've got a lot of federal money too. <SEP> But hasn't it changed a lot over the years? Teaching? Yeah. Oh yes. <SEP> Or working in the system. Yes. When I first started teaching I remember I went to my. And I said okay I want to see a curriculum guide you know. So I'll know what I'm suppose to teach. And they go we don't have one. We don't even know where one is. Oh God. And so I go okay I mean you just you did what you wanted to do. <SEP> How funny. And now they tell you what to teach and how long and you know what day what period. Yeah. You don't know which is you don't know which is worse. <SEP> Yeah. No. I know which is worse. Yeah. I guess so. Yeah. Being told what to do is worse. Uh-huh. <SEP> So how long are we suppose to talk for? Well you can talk for ten minutes. But you don't have to. Oh you can? Yeah. And no. If you talk to ten then they come ov- on and say oh you've extended your limit. And please say good-bye within the next five seconds. <SEP> Oh I haven't ever talked that long. Well you know I hadn't either till last night I was talking to this retired administrator from Cleveland Ohio. Uh-huh. And we started talking about gangs you know. <SEP> He lives in Cleveland? Yeah. Wow. And everybody else that I've talked to has been right around here. <SEP> Yeah. But she was real interesting. Huh. And then tonight this woman called. Have you taken any incoming calls? <SEP> Th- yours is my second one. Okay. So hers was the first one I got gotten. And uh and she was telling me all her problems you know. And it went over ten minutes. <SEP> Did she did she did you all not talk about the topic at all? Well yeah. We did. But the topic was boring I thought. Oh. What would you serve uh if you were having a dinner party? <SEP> Oh gosh all the other. The one I talked about the other night was good. It was um about movies you know what have you seen at the movies lately and stuff like that. Oh yeah. I could go on and on about that. Me too because we go all the time. The guy I was talking to never goes. He was boy it sounds like you're really up on this. I said I see at least two a week. Ugh neat. <SEP> So that was real good to talk about that. Have you seen like uh SILENCE OF THE LAMBS? No. You've got to go see that. The last one I saw was DANCES OF THE WITH THE WOLVES WOLVES. <SEP> Yeah. We talked about that one too. And he he said he didn't think it should have gotten all those awards he thought it was too long. But I. Oh I enjoyed it. I did too. I mean it was just more for my money. <SEP> Yeah. I didn't think it was too long at all. Uh he said after about the first hour he started looking at his watch. Huh. The other one you need to go see is SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY. Uh-huh. <SEP> And how old are your kids? One is eight. And one is eleven. You probably don't want to take them to see SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. It's it's not it's not too cool for kids. They usually pick their own. <SEP> I bet they do. You know they've got it all figured out. Yeah. They want to see all the horror movies. Well and Ninja Turtles. <SEP> Yeah. Ninja Turtles got to have those. But most of the time really we watch them on the video. Oh yeah. You brin-. That's. Don't you? Just massive rental. <SEP> Well heck that's a lot cheaper then uh taking them out to the show. Going to. I know. <SEP> Especially if you get them for a couple of nights you don't have to watch them all in one ni- one time. That's what we do especially when it's bad weather man just plug it in. Yeah. <SEP> Of course you have to get there early if you want to get anything decent. I know. It's good when you go to Tom Thumb though. And they're cheap. And nobody has got them yet. <SEP> That's true. Unbelievable. That's true. We saw um HEROES HAVE ALWAYS BEEN COWBOYS tonight. Uh-huh. <SEP> It was okay. It was kind of slow. And I felt like it kind of got chopped off at the end you know. It just it. I don't know. It one of those movies it's not going to be around long. It will be a dollar movie in no time. Do you read? Not very much. No. No? <SEP> I don't have the patience to read. See I do that to make myself go to sleep at night. Yeah. Oh my Mom and Dad read all the time. You saw FIELD OF DREAMS right a long time ago? <SEP> Yeah. Sure did. Well I was reading the book. And it's called SHOELESS JOE. Oh really? It was so wonderful. And then I was um I decided well I like this author. So I got a uh book of his short stories. And that's been real good. <SEP> Who is the is the author? Don't don't ask me. Oh. The GHOST OF SHOELESS JOE was the name of the book. <SEP> Shoeless Joe. Was it like the movie? Yes. Okay. Quite a quite a bit. But you know in the movie the guy was black. <SEP> Right. He wasn't in the book. Huh. That's one difference. There really wasn't a lot of difference. <SEP> I didn't. See I never even heard that there was a book tied in with that movie. That's interesting. That was a good movie too. Well do you think we covered baseball? I think so. Okay. Well have a good night.
sw3638.txt:Uh well uh the Cowboys are my favorite team. That's pretty easy to say nowadays. Lot easier than it was a couple years ago. But they had a big win today. Uh did you get to watch it? <SEP> No. I didn't. I uh have been at my computer all day. So. Oh. Are you a Cowboy fan? Well I used to be a real big Cowboy fan. And and uh I'm not a Jimmy Johnson fan. <SEP> Being an Okie I just really don't care much uh. Right. Yeah. It's it's kind of hard not to be a Cowboy fan though. Uh-huh. <SEP> They've always been you know my favorite. Right. But uh and and I guess I still have a soft spot. Yeah. <SEP> I just hate that that's the coach that's leading them. Right. Right. <SEP> So now have they. They're in the playoffs right? Yeah. They made it to the playoffs finally. Like just you know two years ago they were one and fifteen. They won like just one game. And so pretty fast turnaround. But this year they made it to playoffs. And today was the first game. And they beat the Chicago Bears. So everybody's really going crazy you know down here. I'll bet they are. They're going crazy. So so they turned it around. But you know they have a lot of young exciting players now uh. I mean everybody was real upset you know when they fired Tom Landry. But you know now it's like you know they're doing good so everybody's forgotten about that. <SEP> Uh football fans are probably the most fickle people in the world. Uh-huh. Hit a bad season. And it's you know the coach's fault. Let's let's dump him. Right. <SEP> First good season the coach can do no wrong. Right. Exactly. You know. But they Dallas has always been good ahead you know heading good players and both running running backs and and defense. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. Yeah. Uh you know they have a young team. It's you know a lot different than the teams they used to have where it's the same old you know players every year and you know same coach same everything. So now it's you know like a taste of something different. They're all not you know mister nice guys like they used to be. <SEP> Now it's like you know tough and dirty team. So everybody is really excited. And. Who is the competition going to be? Well it's supposed to be the Redskins but you know we beat them already. We beat them this year in in Washington. So you know so everybody has the feeling like we can go all the way to the Super Bowl. But you know it's just that we have to play every game away you know. It's going to be tough. But but every-. The competition is are teams that they've already beat this year. So I mean Atlanta they're in it too. And we beat them. And uh see Detroit we play them next week. But you know we should beat them. Everybody feels like we should be able to beat them. So it's so everything's uh looking real good. <SEP> Course I think you know you can't really go by what happened earlier in the season because teams jell together or they've had injuries that heal. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> And you know it can be a tot- or injuries that uh have newly happened and it could be almost a totally new team out there than the one we played. Right. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Well the Cowboys are on a roll. They've won like I think six or seven in a row now. So they're supposed to be the hottest team in the in the league going into the playoffs. So. But but since you have an O U drop out as a quarterback. Right. Yeah. Troy Aikman. He got hurt at O U. So he transferred to U C L A. <SEP> Well Well he he really didn't feel like he'd be able to do a lot of passing at O U. Right. <SEP> O U has always been known for their running game. Uh-huh. More than. They're playing tonight in fact. <SEP> Right. I'm watching them on T V right now. But they're doing some stomping on Virginia. Oh I tell you. They've they've not had much of a team this year bless their little hearts. Really? Well they're doing good tonight. <SEP> Are they? Yeah. I haven't been watching. They're winning. They're winning forty-one to seven. <SEP> Well good for us. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Oh. But yeah. And uh that's right. Aikman did go to O U. I forgot about that. <SEP> Yeah. They h-. Then he went out to S to southern Cal. Is that where he went? Yeah. Uh U C L A. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> So. But the Cowboys did good today. I mean I was proud. I thought I thought they would get beat today because I mean they're so young you know. Playoffs.
sw2429.txt:Well what would you have at a dinner party? Well uh lately since I have children I've cut down on having dinner parties. Uh-huh. <SEP> But when I do I try to keep it pretty simple on things that I can prepare ahead of time. Uh I have one recipe for uh a really good um type of a meatball. It's called burgundy meatball. And it's made with red wine and. Oh gosh that sounds great. Um. <SEP> It's it's really good. And you can make it ahead of time and then um make the sauce when you're ready to um to serve it. Uh-huh. That's one of my favorite things to to serve. Well um I think it would probably depend on whether this was a formal or a informal dinner party. <SEP> Sure. But if it was informal my first choice would be crawfish. Oh really. Well I guess being from that part of the country. Because I mean crawfish everybody over here likes crawfish. But you know I I wouldn't have to worry about satisfying my guest. <SEP> Uh-huh. But if it was a formal dinner party I would probably think of something else like uh. Shrimp shrimp fettucini is real easy to um make and everything. Yeah. And it's usually well liked by people I guess. I'm just a seafood fan. So I think on the lines of. <SEP> Well how do make how do you you cook crawfish? I in fact I just came back from the grocery store. And being in Texas we don't have too many you know people that that eat crawfish. But they had live crawfish on sale. Oh yeah. <SEP> Um you're not supposed to I mean you're not supposed to eat them dead. I mean well you eat them dead. Uh-huh. But. <SEP> Don't buy them that way. Right. Because if if they are dead for too long. You can always tell whenever they're cooked if they've been dead for a long time because their tail straightens out. Uh-huh. And you're not supposed to eat those because they're bad for you. <SEP> Okay. Well I'll remember that. Yeah. So if you ever go in a restaurant order crawfish. I mean every once in a while you'll see on-. I mean it doesn't happen very often because it's just an accident. But if the tail is straight on it then yeah don't eat it. Uh-huh. But um you just put some Cajun well lots of pepper. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you just boil them. And they're absolutely wonderful. But there's uh they're a pain to peel for some people. Once you get used to it they're real easy. But um you know if you have nails or anything you can plan on those being shot. Huh. When you were um whe- when you serve it do you shell them and then serve em too? I think for a dinner party. I I don't know. It depends. <SEP> Um-hum. Like if like my age if there was a bunch of college kids coming over for a dinner party no I they would shell their own. Sure. You know we'd just have crawfish and beer or something. But um if it was more formal like if I was you know working environment then I would probably um sh- shell'em or at least disconnect them from the head. But there's a There's a big thing over here that everybody sucks the head. <SEP> Still have see that. Ooh. So um it it would just depend. <SEP> That's the best part of the crawfish. Sucking the head. But um I don't know. It jus- i- it just depends on what type it was I guess. But you can buy uh the crawfish shells already peeled'n everything. And usually you use those like for frying or to put in salads or to um You know make a sauce with or something like that. <SEP> Um-hum. But you can go ahead and buy'em cooked and shelled. And they're more expensive of course. But. Does it taste a lot like shrimp. Um Yeah. It really does I like shrimp better. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Just um The crawfish I mean it just has a taste of its own. It also depends on who's cooking it and how much seasoning they use stuff like that. <SEP> Sure. But um I think that. And also to get totally off the subject of crawfish lots of vegetables and hors d'oeuvres and stuff like that for a dinner party I think that that really helps. Yeah. We have a a friend another couple where the husband is the one who cooks all the time. <SEP> And. That's what I need. Yeah. That's what I wish I had. But in our family I am the one who who cooks. And I I really enjoy it. It's gotten a little more difficult with kids. But I really do enjoy cooking. And we um we have them over for dinner back and forth quite a lot. Uh-huh. <SEP> And before I had my second child we sort of had a contest going where you know he would cook and then the next time it would be my turn and I'd try to outdo him and then he'd try to outdo me. Oh !. <SEP> <SEP> and we we. Was really a lot of fun. I bet. <SEP> And. That that got pretty competitive you know as far as who could come up with the best recipe. Yeah. <SEP> It did. We we tried to be fancier or more courses than the other. <SEP> <SEP> That would be fun. <SEP> Or. Uh it was a lot of fun you know. It something unique you know. And then we got into different um themes you know um whether it would be ethnic food Or um sometimes it would be um oh Oh I don't know maybe an outdoor theme or uh elegant theme or you know. Uh huh. <SEP> It was a lot of fun. Sometimes it might be the candlelight. And sometimes it might be the picnic out back or something. That's right. <SEP> Well that's you know that's fun. <SEP> It was fun. And and we threatened to make the other two uh make us dinner one time Uh Just to even it out since we seemed to be unfairly doing all the cooking and they were doing all the enjoying. Uh huh. <SEP> That sounds right I would I'd take him up on that. I'm. <SEP> It does. Except that knowing them they would probably do something ridiculous and terrible just just to uh make sure that they didn't have to do it again. <SEP> Uh huh. I'd be. <SEP> Make hot dogs or some potato chips. <SEP> I that's about how much I can cook You know. I'm I'm doing a lot more cooking now than I used to. <SEP> Uh-huh. But that's only because my mom just started working. So she's tired when she comes home in the afternoon. So I try to have things cooked for her. But uh um I usually try to stay out of kitchen. Oh that's nice. I don't know. <SEP> Not one of my favorite hobbies. <SEP> It can it can be fun I if you have the time. But you know a lot of times it's too much of a rush really be able to enjoy it able to. Well um my grandma speaking of those meatballs again she owned every Christmas and and Easter. <SEP> Whenever we have at the big get-together over at her house she makes this meat ball sauce. And it has. I don't know. They are just kind of like quarter size meatballs. And they are absolutely delicious. Uh-huh. I don't know what she calls them in. I don't I'm sure she puts wine in it because um she cooks everything with alcohol. But. <SEP> Um. I don't know. I would I would be interested in getting that recipe for you if you have it around. <SEP> Yeah. It's um it's in the other room. I don't know if we have enough time for it. Oh. It's real easy. One of the unique things in this it's like a pound of ground beef some bread crumbs um an egg um whatever seasonings. You can just light. Yeah. <SEP> So salt and pepper Um and chopped up water chestnuts which is something different um. Oh. That would be wonderful. <SEP> Makes them a little bit crunchy. You need to chop em up real fine. Yeah. But um it makes them crunchy. And that adds something new to it. And then the sauce is just made with um bouillion cubes water burgundy wine and um cornstarch instead of flour. Um-hum. <SEP> Oh. So it's not a it's not a thick rich type of a sauce. It's more of a. When you use corn starch in in gravy like you know when you have um Chinese food That kind of a gravy or a sauce that comes with a lot of that They use corn starch instead of flour in all of their sauces and gravies. Um-hum. <SEP> And it gives it a bit of a different consistency. Well um how long do you cook the meatballs. The meatballs you just um after you form them fry them in a pan until they're uh browned on all all sides. Uh huh. <SEP> And then drain off all the grease. Uh then what I usually do is I freeze them. And then when you're ready to serve them then you cook the sauce and then put the meatballs into the sauce And heat it. Oh. <SEP> Yeah. Probably you have to heat it up for a good oh. If they're frozen you know it may take a half for them to thaw out. But then heat them thoroughly in the sauce itself. Let them simmer in the sauce itself. Hum. <SEP> And it's real good. That sounds great. Especially I mean the fact that you can prepare the meatballs so so far in advance. Right. I mean like if if you are having a dinner party on Wednesday night you could do it on a weekend. <SEP> And then freeze them. Sure. That would be great. I think I'm going to have to keep that in mind for my future because I hope to have to have lots of dinner parties Cause I like to. <SEP> I mean um Um I'm sure that I'll be involved in a big company. And I know that my future husband will be You know. He's going to be working for Chevron in Houston. <SEP> Uh-huh. So he's going to be. Um You know I'm sure that dinner parties will come in handy. Yeah. You'll meet friends. <SEP> Invite invite the boss over and and friends at work. Oh yeah. I have to impress the boss and clients cause Um I'm in I'm in public relations in school. <SEP> <SEP> Uh-huh. So I'm going to have You know my whole job's going to be based on my clients'n stuff like that. So I'm going to have lots of dinner parties. Sure. And have to take'em out to eat. Right now I'm taking a class on ettiquesy. And all the little bitty things that I didn't even know. <SEP> Oh. Really. I mean I thought for sure I'd been raised properly. <SEP> But I've been doing a lot of things wrong I didn't know about. But um So Is there anything else. <SEP> Well I I think we've covered the subject. I got some interesting information about crawfish. I was in fact. It's good cause I was curious about that today when I saw those for sale. Oh. <SEP> Yes. You need to try em. Oh they're wonderful. Oh I will. I'm sure my husband will be surprised'cause we were talking about them the other day mm- before.
sw3509.txt:So how do you feel about capital punishment? Well I I'm not really certain how I uh I'm not certain that that it does a lot of good. I mean that it ends up ends up effectively uh uh uh avoiding a lot of the crimes that have capital punishment penalties. Right. You don't think. <SEP> Yet on the other hand uh I don't know. I mean there is things that. Seems like it's it's it's the right thing to do. Now you know I mean somebody a s- s- serial killer or somebody goes in and machine guns you know fifty fifty children in a school yard. You kind of. I don't know. What about yourself? I uh I have the same dilemma I think. Uh. It's you know it seems right sometimes. And then other times you don't know. Uh-huh. Uh. <SEP> I mean people like. I. It's been. I mean like the Arab societies and stuff end up uh having e- effective effective punishments. And and they're extremely severe. Uh I you know I think to a certain degree the reason that it it doesn't serve as a deterrent uh may be because y- you never know if it's going to be a- applied. Right. Un- unlike uh like in in Arab societies. If you get get caught stealing they chop off your hand. And and you walk around the rest of your life with one hand. Right. And everybody knows exactly what what for. Right. <SEP> Uh and you know and here with our court system and and ways of sort of screwing it around and stuff you can you can kind of always count on the fact. Or or there is a good chance you're going to get off. Uh-huh. And also it doesn't seem like it does that many harm. I mean sure their life is taken. But they'd spend the rest of their life in jail anyway. So I think sometimes they'd prefer just to get it over with. Uh-huh. Yeah. So it's more of the easy way out than making them pay for the con- for the you know what they've done. <SEP> Some people. Yeah. <SEP> Except that I mean the the average cost to si- to society of having somebody in jail for all their life is is extremely high. I mean something I I was amazed at. Uh uh per year. It's something like twenty thousand dollars per inmate per year. To keep people in jail. Yeah. Uh you know and it's sort of a sort of a crass perspective on the usage of capital punishment. Uh-huh. <SEP> But on the other hand uh uh you know I don't I don't know if it's that is that is that serious that they're really never going to be out of jail uh. Right. But then again also you can't bring back lives that have been taken anyway. So uh it's. Uh-huh. It doesn't. It seems by that by. I don't know. Doesn't ever really p- uh. <SEP> Oh I know. I mean you can't. It doesn't Taking taking one more life doesn't doesn't doesn't re- get things back the way they were right. Yeah. Right. It doesn't bring back every. <SEP> Yeah. I don't know I I don't I really don't know uh. What state are you in? I'm in Texas. Oh really? <SEP> W- w-. In Dallas? No. I'm in Austin. Oh really? <SEP> Where where are you calling from? Uh right now I'm in Utah. But I'm from Plano Texas. Oh I see. Uh-huh. So uh uh what are the laws like in Texas? <SEP> It's Texas is has is one of the one of the s- well. I guess there is more and more states that are that are going back to capital punishment. Uh Texas has had it for a while. It's one of the quickest. It it. Once it was it was reallowed. I think it was outlawed for a while but uh by the supreme court I mean or the interpretation of the constitution. And it seems like everybody stopped. And then and then once they sort of reallowed it Texas was one of the first to uh to actually uh implement it again. Oh really? They do it by uh by do it by lethal injection. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I'm originally from Kansas. And in Kansas also uh they they almost immediately put back capital punishment. And uh there they do it by hanging. Wow. Still uh they have. I still remember the the the movie uh IN COLD BLOOD. I don't know if you've ever. I'm sure you're familiar with it. But have you seen the movie? I haven't. No. <SEP> Yeah. That way. And they do it that way? Yeah. Well they they show it. Not not. I mean the the movie was made in like nineteen sixty-two or something like that. Huh. <SEP> And so it's uh it's not particularly graphic. But on the other hand it's it's fairly impressive to watch them you know walk into the room with gallows. It's kind of a barn like structure. Wow. I think they're there. I think that capital punishment is is uh in t- in Utah also. I'm not really familiar. Is that right? Are you there in school? Yeah. I am. <SEP> Yeah. So but I think they d-. A long time ago I I remember my dad was telling me this I think that uh they do it by like a bunch of men have guns. And one of them has the real gun in it. Uh-huh. Has has a. Yeah. So they don't know who killed. <SEP> Has a real bullets. And the rest of them have blanks? Right. Yeah. I I certainly wouldn't want to be the executioner. I know that. Yeah. No. <SEP> I've always said that if I if I had to kill and clean and do my own my own meat I think I'd become a vegetarian. I know. As long as you're sort of safely removed from it it seems seems not so so bad I guess.
sw3296.txt:Now we're ready. Do you have a personal computer? We have one. You do in your home? <SEP> Yes. Yes ma'am. I do not have one in my home. I use one all day at work. But I don't have one at home. Do you wish you. Do you find you use it a lot? <SEP> I don't use it as much as my children and my husband do. My actually my husband and I are taking a class at our local junior college called micro micro computers one o one. And we're just touching on data base spreadsheets and word processing and just kind of you know different kinds of storage. And we're just kind of touching on a basic computer. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. What kind do you have? <SEP> We have an I B M compatible. It's a Gateway brand that we bought mainly for our children to have educational programs. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well that sounds interesting. <SEP> Yeah. What kind of a computer do you use at work? I have a a P S one I B M type. Uh-huh. Uh and I use it all day at work. And I put all my personal stuff on it at work. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I really don't haven't had a need for one at home. But probably if I didn't have access to one all the time at work I'd want one at home. Right. I worked on my airline Apollo Focal Point computer for about four years. Which was different. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. But I didn't. What is that tracing tracking the flights and things? <SEP> Right. Right. Uh. How long are we supposed to talk on this? They tell us when we're through. <SEP> Oh okay. Okay. This is This is my very first time. They come in and tell us. Have you just started doing this? Oh really? <SEP> Yes. They'll come in and tell us that the switchboard is full now. And it's time for you to wind up in the next thirty seconds or something like that. Oh okay. It's not more than five min-. <SEP> Uh-oh. But I'm going to ignore that. That's a call on my other line. So I'm just going to ignore it. Oh okay. But. <SEP> Oh okay. That I have that too. It's kind of a hassle when you have this. But other times it. W- where do you work? I work at Texas Instruments. <SEP> Oh you do? Yes. Oh well of course. I sure do. <SEP> Of course. That's why you why you're making these calls right? Well no. I'm doing this at home. I'm already home for the day. Oh I see. Well this is a pretty good deal. I do it you know I can't do it at work. I I'm I work in the legal department. So I'm pretty busy. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I use my P C there mostly for creating legal documents. We use Word Perfect Lotus. Uh-huh. Uh. <SEP> Oh you do know Lotus huh? Oh that's great. That's something we want to learn. Yeah. It's really. I love Lotus. Oh. I think that's about my favorite. <SEP> I've heard that people that finally learn how to use it really like it. Uh-huh. That's great. It really is. And I know there's still a hundred things I don't know how to do on it. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh you know you learn something every time you use it. I have a question. On this this thing that I'm this survey or whatever you know this I volunteered for. Uh-huh. <SEP> Do I start calling in myself. Or do I wait for people to call me? You can. Did they give you a number to call? Right. And eight hundred number. You can start calling in whenever it's convenient for you. But you can only make one call a day. <SEP> Oh only one a day. Yeah. If you've talked to someone like you're talking to me now and I place the call this counts as your call. Right. <SEP> Oh. So you can not make a call now until tomorrow. Oh I see. Okay. So then do you get the five bucks. Or do I? No. We both do. <SEP> Oh we both do. Well that's a. Didn't they ask you for your I D number when you answered? <SEP> Right. I had to put that in. Okay. So you both do. Well that's a pretty good deal. From what I understand. <SEP> So why why are we doing this? It's for research. Actually I'm doing this for somebody else but you know for a friend of mine. It's a research type project on uh voice activated electronics you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh. To uh. It's uh. <SEP> It's almost like that Like a voice command computer type thing oh. Well they call it the speech lab that is setting this thing up. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. They're doing research for a lot of big companies from what I understand on this. Now I don't know I don't know everything about it. <SEP> Well that's wonderful. But they uh try to get as many people as they possibly can to contribute to this. And that way they can check voice patterns. I see. Different kinds of voices and things. Uh-huh. And get the computer where it recognizes voices. <SEP> Wonderful. See that's why I it's interesting because you have I I'm going to say you have an accent. Well I probably do because I've. And I and I think that I don't. I mean to you. But. <SEP> You know. Well I've been b- I was born and raised in Texas. Have lived here forever. So I probably do. And you're in what city? I'm in Richardson. It's right outside of Dallas. <SEP> Okay. My sister one of my sisters lives in Plano. Uh-huh. And that's right outside of. Well Richardson's right between Dallas and Plano. <SEP> How about that. I probably went through Richardson then. You probably did. And then I have a sister that lives in Austin. Uh-huh. <SEP> But. Well what are you doing way in Washington? Well we're actually all from Nebraska. They just are recently moved there. My brother-in-law is director of Admissions at the University of Texas in Dallas. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well that's interesting. Yeah. And then my sister works at the Air Force Base. Uh-huh. So I imagine they use personal computers. <SEP> Actually yes. They both have personal computers. Do they do their correspondence on it? Uh I think they just send Christmas letters on it. Uh-huh. <SEP> As far as I. Mostly my one sister uses hers for her children. You know children's games. Uh-huh.
sw2837.txt:Are you going to tell me what you've been doing lately in the. Sure uh. Okay. <SEP> I'll offer anything that I can on the subject. Uh my husband and I just bought a just moved here recently. And uh we bought uh this house about uh I don't know year and a half ago. What we have here now is just a basic three bedroom two bath brick house which is uh completely different from what I had had before. When I was working and before I married uh I lived in a little town south of here that is just full of old homes and uh historic old houses and things like that. So I uh tried to. I was in the process of renovating a house and uh that was about seventy-five years old. Oh my. So uh it had to have everything done from top to bottom to having it leveled jacked up uh new plumbing new wiring wallpaper paint. Everything you can think of that house had to have. You You are experienced I would say. <SEP> Well I I really did enjoy it uh you know. It was amazing what I found out I could do on my own if I just put my mind to it. Well I agree. <SEP> Yeah. I have done something uh like that too only not nearly as extensive. Uh-huh. But it must be interesting now trying to do something to a basic ranch style home. Uh after having a one that was historical looking. <SEP> It is. It is. <SEP> Yeah. That's that's true. When uh I met my husband he was living in an apartment at the time. And and uh the town that I was living in only about eighty miles from here. So uh you know I we. Really it was just. The market was so good. We hadn't really planned on buying. And as you probably heard from the in the Dallas and Texas area period the housing market is just unreal. I mean you can get things for such a song. Yes. <SEP> So that's that's really why we ended up in a house like this. This is not what we you know what we want to stay in forever because I have to have my I've found that after doing this other house I have to have my hands into stuff. And you know I'm always just wanting to paint and and wallpaper and redo and redo. Uh-huh. So uh you know I I'm ready to get ahold of another one that I can have a little more input into. So. Well maybe you can uh make that one charming and and make a little bit money uh. <SEP> Yeah. That's that's the key you know. The thing is uh when we moved in they had just uh painted wallpa- we're you know wallpapered new carpet and everything. So I feel sort of uh you know like it's sort of defeating my purpose to go rip everything out now and do it over just because I'm in the mood to do it. So uh we'll see we'll see how much longer we're here. Yes. Well we just moved to Charlotte from Enid Oklahoma. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh Oklahoma of all places. So I know of what you're talking about as far as the market was concerned. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. And I'll tell you uh we we had kind of a charming house. It was a cedar shake house and very weathered. Oh yes. And uh it was about fifty years old but not tra- not really uh traditional looking particularly. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And uh so I tried to make it after I sold my business. I in in. I spent almost three years redoing. <SEP> Oh yeah. And I considered it a full time job. Oh it is. Yeah. And when we did uh. We kind of had planned this uh trek to the east because we're both originally from this part of the country. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I see. Uh-huh. And so I think some of the things that I did paid off. For instance one thing that I did that might even be a good suggestion for you uh was something I did on the outside. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I love old estate estate sales. <SEP> Yes. Yes. I happened to go to just a little estate sale that just a little white frame house where the couple uh was very old and had gone into nursing homes. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And uh all the men started going down to the barn. <SEP> Oh yeah. Uh oh. And so I th-. Well shoot I'm going. <SEP> That's where I need to go. Yes. I'm going to the barn too. Exactly. They uh auctioned some tools and things like that. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. But then they went over and started uh auctioning this big stack of bricks. <SEP> Oh. And so well I thought gee I've been wanting to do some brick uh walkways for a time. Uh-huh. <SEP> Work. Right. Right. Uh-huh. Anyway it ended up after some pretty uh heavy bidding that I got all those bricks for forty dollars. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh my word. And so my husband and I loaded bricks in his pickup truck for days. <SEP> Oh no. Oh my word. But what we ended up with was about four thousand. <SEP> For forty dollars? For forty dollars. Oh my. And so what we did. We had built a deck on the back of that house. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it needed. And it was quite large out to into the yard. Something. <SEP> Uh-huh. But on either side of it to the ends of the house it just needed to be all tied together. Uh-huh. So we made brick patios and walkways. <SEP> Right. Oh how fun. Oh how nice. And so for. And he he did the digging which was about six inches. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I figured the sand and all had that delivered and leveled it and and placed most all the bricks. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it turned out beautifully. Oh I bet. And what satisfaction to know that you did it in such an inexpensive way. Yes. Well it nearly killed me. <SEP> Yeah. But but you did stag- stagger back and say oh doesn't this look nice. I hated to leave it. Well let me ask you. When you laid those bricks. I know my parents bought a house about ten years ago. They're fixing to sell it again but and move again. They're kind of. My mom's like I am. She's a renovator a lover of old things. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you know they have to be doing something constantly. And the patio that came with that house uh was not laid on a like. I don't know if you can put some sort of a plastic sheeting or something un- on on top of the sand and then lay the bricks. No. We. But they have they have a problem with these little tin- like sand bugs or something that drill in between all these bricks. Well I. <SEP> And of course you know you have the uh the weeds that come up in between the bricks or and things like that. Well no. I I didn't have that trouble because uh we laid the. I did get some material and studied every bit of material that I could study. Uh-huh. But we laid those bricks about as close as you can get them. <SEP> Yeah. I see. Because when you start. And we put them on a base of four inches of s- sand. <SEP> Okay. Yeah. And then we uh we swept sand in between. But but it was an error to to leave like an eighth of an inch or whatever. Uh-huh. You just put them together as close as you can. <SEP> As tight as you can. That's probably because they had you know. Every spring my mom says we're going to have a par- a barbecue and tell everybody guess what. We're going to we're going to redo the patio you know. We're going to pull up all the bricks. Uh-huh. But uh they just they just haven't brought themselves to do it. Yeah. Well. <SEP> So. And I also used a rubber hammer a lot to uh you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. If it wasn't quite level or something I'd just get that rubber hammer and uh and and prob- you know. Right. I think that they could. If they have problems with uh sand bugs of some kind I think all they need to do is probably put some insecticide down in there on a oh a fairly regular basis for a while anyway. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Right. Well the thing that's funny is they've done uh they've done things like that you know. I'll catch her out there spraying around. And then it's like in two days time they'll come home from work. And those little things are back. It's just they're the most resilient little characters. And so I don't know what they're finally going to do. She may just. Hopefully they'll sell the house and go somewhere else. <SEP> Well I think I think she needs to take them to the extension agent and ask him what they are. And then she won't have to worry about it. And. <SEP> What are these things? Yeah. Is it diazinon. Or what is it that will uh. Right. Dursban or something like that. <SEP> Yeah. What it what it is that'll that'll take care of them. Dursban. I think in this area or most all areas they use you know for ticks and fleas. <SEP> Yeah. And you know they're awful hard to do anything with. Right. <SEP> Oh that's true. That's true. But my my dad farms. And you know she's always telling him isn't there something that that you can bring home with you that kills everything that you spray you know out in the out in the field that you can get rid of these bugs. Yeah. But uh. I bet Dursban would do it. <SEP> It might it might do it. Yeah. She's got so many flow- she's got just a gorgeous yard so many uh flowers and her her four cats you know. So she's sort of uh real funny about what she sprays. Yeah. I think uh you probably just need to make sure that it dries very very careful- uh well before she lets her cats out or something like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well gosh Deb we could talk all day couldn't we. I know. I I was just you know it just seems. Like I as I said when I heard the what the subject was I thought oh gosh I haven't thought about uh what I went through at that other house in so long. I've been so busy. But uh I don't know. Of everything that I did I guess I enjoyed probably wallpapering the most. And I thought that would be the hardest thing to do. Yes. <SEP> But uh gosh you know I ended up wallpapering every bedroom in that house uh up the stairway even. Wow. You know I just had a ball with it. Oh. <SEP> It was so much fun. Oh good. Yeah. And I've sworn up and down. My mom's uh my mom's great grandparents had this huge Victorian house in Paris Texas. And the one thing that she ended up with is was the old door that was that was on the front door of that house. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yes. And she has that up in her attic. And I have sworn that it. I'm going to find a house to put that door on before she does. <SEP> So as far as looking toward the future you know that's my plan. I'm going to have to move fast I think though because uh you know as a.
sw3239.txt:Well do you have any pets? Yes. I do. I have a dog named Grisly who's a ten year old uh mixed breed between Golden Retriever Afghan Hound and Chow. Oh. <SEP> And I have a pair of box turtles. Oh. I used to have box turtles um well years ago when I was growing up. <SEP> Yeah. I I really like them. Oh yeah. I do too. Lucky and Spot that's their names. Oh. <SEP> And they live in an aquarium without water in my family room. And my dog thinks he's a mother turtle and always has his nose all around my turtle box. So do you have any pets now? Yes. Um we have one dog a Bichon Frise. Um our friends in Houston bred the dogs. I had never heard of them. <SEP> No. I haven't either. They're um they're all white. And they're small and um and fluffy. They don't shed. I guess they're distantly related to a poodle. But they're not very well known in this country. And they're not um high strung or over bred um. Oh. <SEP> And how big do they get. Ours is uh on the small end. And she's about ten pounds. And they range from probably ten to sixteen pounds. Oh that's interesting. And they love people um and kids. And that was something we were looking for um. Our our love is Golden Retrievers. And that's what we had intended to get in Houston. But we had a small yard and a pool. And knowing how they love to dig and love the water um and we thought that was kind of a tough climate. <SEP> Ye-. The water. Yes. Yeah. So uh we ended up getting this. And uh my son would rather have a Golden Retriever though I think. <SEP> Oh. Now he wants a a good size dog. Uh-huh. Well we've got a good size dog. And we were considering getting a puppy a small house lap top dog for him because he likes other animals and for me because we used to have a miniature Dachshund. And I miss having a little one you know around. Oh. <SEP> Yeah. The kind you have sounds very interesting though. Well they really are um they're really sweet dogs. We've uh we thought probably our neighborhood in Houston had more of this breed than any other place just because of um the family that had them and and bred them. They had five litters of puppies. And and a lot of them stayed in the neighborhood. <SEP> Oh. Uh-huh. Because um. <SEP> And how do you spell that breed? It's B I C H O N F R I S E. F R I S E. And how do you pronounce that? Bichon Frise. <SEP> Okay. I'm writing it out phonetically. Yeah. They're uh. And they don't shed. So they're they're good dogs for people with with allergies. Yes. And they love people. And they're. <SEP> Do they bark a lot? Um no. Not really. Ours um ours barks more than um than some because she spent a lot of time at our friends' house. We used to swap back and forth dogs. They have three dogs. They had a Cockapoo and and two Bichons um. Uh-huh. And she didn't bark at all until she spent time there. <SEP> Oh. And uh now it's funny. She's she's a good watch dog. Uh-huh. And if there's she'll bark that way. But she also talks a lot. She um has a definite personality. <SEP> Yes. And so if we're leaving her she barks at us because she doesn't want to be left. Um. Oh. <SEP> Does she ever mess in the house? No. No. And they're um they're very smart dogs. The circuses in Europe used to use them um for the acts. Oh. They uh oh they'll dance on their hind legs each. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh gee. Um but they're very easy to train. <SEP> Uh-huh. And. And about how much are they? Well they range. I'd noticed up here they're a lot more expensive it seemed to me from the ads in the paper. They run anywhere from two hundred to four hundred dollars I think which I thought was a lot. <SEP> And how about the And how about the person in uh Houston? Well she's no longer breeding them. <SEP> Oh. But um because her dogs um the the second one that she has was one of the puppies from the litter. And uh the one male that she used had a tooth problem. Uh-huh. And so she only bred that dog once because it had the tooth problem and did them strictly as um pets you know they weren't weren't show quality. <SEP> Oh yes. Just pets. <SEP> Yes. That's what we'd rather have is just a pet instead of. Ri-. We used to show Saint Bernards when I was a little girl. We did that every weekend. Oh but yeah takes a lot of time. <SEP> Yes. And it's very expensive. Yeah. Um but she might have some contacts here. I know origina- I know that the dog's grandmother um was from Plano. Oh that's where I live. Oh that's where I live too. <SEP> Yeah. I'm at Coit and Legacy.
sw2486.txt:Okay. What do you usually wear to work? Well uh I am basically retired now. Uh-huh. <SEP> I was a member. I was in education and in administration. Uh-huh. So basically I wore dresses. And uh heels. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I was never one uh because my work often took me into court uh never was one that got uh accustomed to wearing pants suits and pants to work. Uh-huh. But that was just me. I know many people are co- very comfortable in the classroom and what have you wearing pants. <SEP> Uh it. I guess I was just old enough not to uh be very comfortable in it. Uh-huh. How about you? Well I work at T I. And they don't really have uh dress code so to speak there. It's pretty lax about um you know. We- you can pretty much wear whatever you want to. And I wear anything from jeans when I'm feeling really casual to uh suits and dresses when I'm meeting with a customer. Or I I teach training classes and so when I'm teaching a class obviously I wear a suit or dress. <SEP> Oh. So. It it uh definitely fluctuates mainly with what I'm going to be doing that day and kind of what my mood is. Uh-huh. And when it's raining I'm more likely to wear jeans. <SEP> And and when it's really cold I'm more likely to wear jeans or pants or sweaters or that type of thing. Uh-huh. Um but it just really depends on the weather and my mood. And then you know obviously when I'm doing anything that I'm in front of people or or making presentations teaching whatever. I'm going to dress up more. <SEP> Yes. And I think that does make a difference. Because when you do have to be in front of people uh I think you the the tendency there is to wear dresses and suits and and uh more classical style of clothing. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. What about the mini skirt? There are a few people every now and then that wear those to work. They're pretty strict about that though. Um I've never worn. I just wouldn't. I mean even to. Well jeans aren't exactly professional. But for some reason a mini skirt is to me a little more unprofessional to wear to work than jeans. Just because it's maybe it's just because of the sexist views and everything. But you just feel like you're you're being showing too much le-. I don't know. I wouldn't want to wear a mini skirt to work. <SEP> We-. I have seen a few people do it though. But they they weren't overly shor-. And they weren't overly revealing. They were pretty much in good taste. But um. Uh-huh. For me I just I just cou- wouldn't want to do that. <SEP> Well there are mini skirts and there are mini skirts. Yeah. There are some that are really short. And then there are some that may be will come like four inches or five inches above the knee. Uh-huh. That's what I've seen. <SEP> And again it depends upon the size the shape of the person as well as the shape of the person's legs. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Now I also uh. Even though I retired from education I uh I do modeling. And I teach at a modeling agency here. Uh-huh. And uh so when we are doing wardrobing and we have uh two two hour classes in wardrobe we do discuss a great deal the mini skirt and the types of clothes to wear on the job. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh even though I may have them from sixth grade on up through uh grandmothers in my class. Uh-huh. And uh whe- I always try to emphasize the clothes that you wear should not necessarily be the greatest fad. Uh-huh. <SEP> Because maybe they those are not the clothes that are the most uh appealing to you or the most uh complimentary to you. Right. But uh the mini skirt many times will evoke comments you don't really want. Right. <SEP> And and then uh then you're in the situation where you're very unhappy. Uh-huh. Well I feel like too on the job when you know there's men around and some of the managers are men you just you know you don't want them looking at your legs necessarily. That's right. And uh to me I just wouldn't feel comfortable in that at work. But uh. <SEP> Well I I uh I have to uh agree with that even when they was very very popular in the early sixties. Uh-huh. Uh I uh uh. Again maybe because I was at the school there were still many teachers who wore mini skirts. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh we had no regulation against it. And a lot of the kids did of course. And it could be very embarrassing for the men teachers. Right. Because they were not that careful in how they handled themselves in those mini skirts. Right. <SEP> And so I think uh uh of course now I go the other extreme I do not like to see in the corporate areas uh all the women dressed like men with the suits and uh white shirts and ties and what have you so that they all look exactly the same. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I don't like that. I don't. I think there should be individuality in dressing. Uh-huh. Even with the very tailored look of a suit sometimes I like to have someth- a lit- just a little something that's feminine. Yes. Not you know. You don't want to over do it but just a little a touch of it just to say yes I am a woman. <SEP> Right. But I can be professional too. Well I and I don't think that you have to be manish and extremely tailored to to look professional. Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think that you you make of that what you wish. And you can go the opposite direction and uh over do all the frills and laces and flounces and what have you which don't belong in the in at least in my opinion in the work place. Right. Uh but that that. You can have a classical look without a lot of a great deal of adornment and what have you and still be very feminine. Uh-huh. <SEP> Because that was one thing I always fought against. I started out as a physical education teacher. Uh-huh. So I was always fighting against the idea of looking tailored or manish. Right. <SEP> Uh and people would never ever guess that I was Phys Ed. And um and that pleased me. Uh-huh. Uh and so then I of course just continued what I considered the best style of clothing for me at work. And uh and I find even even at home here now I I will wear blue jeans or I'll wear shorts and what have you uh and be very comfortable. But when I go out somewhere then uh unless I have a pair of dress slacks I don't usually wear a lot of blue jeans. Uh-huh. <SEP> I have difficulty getting them to fit me comfortably any how. Uh-huh. And so uh uh I just feel that uh you know each person has to dress to their own liking and for their own comfort. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh there are certain norms that companies should be able to uh put out as guidelines for their employees. Right. That's what I one thing I like about T I is that they aren't overly strict about what you wear. And they don't you know your boss doesn't come up to you and say now remember tomorrow you have a meeting so you'd better wear a suit. I mean they they leave it up to you and your judgment to to use good judgment and dress tastefully and dress for whatever occasion you may have. <SEP> Right. Yes. The only real restrictions they have are uh no halter tops and no shorts even the long walking short of the squirts the the split skirts anything that that could be considered shorts they don't allow. <SEP> Yes. That's good. And they don't allow uh any sweat any sweat shirts or t shirts that might have vulgar or you know anything like that on it. But other than that it's pretty pretty lax. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. And I think that's good because it does allow people to be individual. And it allows you to kind of dress the way you feel that day. Yes. Or you know if you want to be comfortable and casual you can. And sometimes I think you may be more productive if you're comfortable with what you're wearing and can be be feel more relaxed. Whereas uh sometimes when you're in the suit and feel kind of almost stiff and you're not you know maybe you don't uh can't get as comfortable to sit down. <SEP> Right. And you know like when I'm writing training material I prefer to be more comfortable unless I know I have to meet with a customer later during the day. Right. Right. So that's I think that is good that they're like that. I do know there's a lot of companies that are very strict about what the employees wear. And they must wear blue or gray or black and a white shirt and you know no variation. <SEP> Yeah. And I don't I don't quite agree with that. Yeah. Well I don't either. Fortunately I don't have to work in those companies. Right. <SEP> But uh I I uh did have a group come over from one of the banks over the children's hospital where I was volunteering. And uh they were doing a presentation. And every one of the young execs coming up were dressed exactly a like men and women. They all had on the gray jackets and the gray trousers or sla- or skirts and the white blouses and the same color tie. I mean you could hardly tell the women from the men except for the lengths of the pants. And one was a skirt and one was a pant. Uh right. Yeah. <SEP> And uh and I think that's sad because that doesn't allow for any individuality. Uh-huh. That's uh can stifle creativity. Right. I agree. <SEP> So. Well it. I guess we've talked probably long enough. I guess so. Well it's been nice talking with you. Nice talking to you too. I enjoyed it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Bye bye. Bye bye.
sw3447.txt:The way. I'll go ahead and start. The way I work uh the way I dress for work is uh this year nineteen ninety-one has been really suit and tie. Uh-huh. Or I shouldn't say suit but coat and tie every day. <SEP> Uh-huh. A a year ago I changed jobs from being a researcher to doing marketing for the research group. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Which means kind of a I guess it's a different set of standards I guess. Yeah. So uh I I dress almost the same every day. I mean pretty much it's a white shirt and slacks and shoes and a coat. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> But it was very different before. How do you dress? Well I'm a drafter. So I just wear blue jeans and tennis shoes. And I have sweatshirt on today. Uh-huh. <SEP> And that's pretty much the norm for me. If I come in in a dress everybody's shocked. Yeah. I understand. They ask me you know what are you doing in a dress. And it's usually I haven't done my laundry lately. Right. <SEP> Ran out of jeans. I understand. That's funny. So does it change? No. Your dress. No. <SEP> No. Huh-uh. So or I guess do you have things like presentations to do or anything like that? No. Huh-uh. So back in my old job up until through nineteen eighty I would usually wear blue jeans and pullover shirts and the like. <SEP> Uh-huh. But probably once a month or so there was some reason that I would have to put on a suit. For a customer presentation or something. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Every now and then I'll get dressed up and come in. But that's for my husband's job and not mine. Oh I see. I understand. I have to go to a business meeting once a month with him. But. Oh. Well that's interesting. <SEP> So. Let's see uh what else about this uh. It it seems like T I is pretty cut and dried with two like two or three levels. Uh-huh. That there's the t- upper management that always wears gray suits. And the people that don't uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I would if you if I want to say don't have power or don't have authority or whatever like I used to be in that research. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I guess you are. Uh-huh. That we dress in the jeans. And then there's kind of the the branch manager level or marketing people that kind of do that middle thing. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. But there's not much. <SEP> Mi- middle of the road. It's nice that there's not a requirement for it. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Sometimes I think there should be. Some of these women around here look like they came off of Harry Hines. Oh yeah. Right. Yeah. I guess you see those once in a while. <SEP> And you know the they have the no shorts deal. And some of these mini skirts you know are worse than shorts ever thought about being. Sure. But uh You know that's I guess that's one of the things you got to put up with when you don't have a dress code. Yeah. <SEP> That's right. That's right. I guess they're the isn't there a dress code something about spaghetti straps. I'm not even sure what they are. Supposedly and backless things. Oh backless. All right. <SEP> But I've seen those too. But. Okay. So this wasn't necessarily a big conversation. But I think we we did it. <SEP> Uh yeah. Okay. And and your name was Lisa. Lisa. Great. <SEP> Are you the Expressway sites? I am. Yes. And I work in the north building. Oh okay. Uh well thank you. <SEP> Thank you. All right. Good day. Uh-huh. Bye-bye.
sw3682.txt:Okay. What kind of foods would you have? Okay. <SEP> Um well I like to cook um. Oh I do too. But I don't like getting too awfully fancy about it just because um uh it's too much pressure. You know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. If I have people over for dinner I like it to be nice and relaxed. Yeah. You can't enjoy it. <SEP> Right. Yeah. And so I don't like to arrive or or when they arrive for me to be completely worn out. That's that's what. I like doing things like making lasagna just because I can have it ready and baking in the oven. <SEP> Yeah. It's. Exactly. Everybody just says how wonderful it is. And it's it's like uh yes. <SEP> Uh-huh. I. Yeah. That's one of those things I got famous for in college. People would come and say could y- would you come over and make lasagna for me. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's like well I can't really give you a recipe uh. Uh-huh. You'd just do it. I can I can just do it. <SEP> I like doing that kind of stuff. Yeah. And it's it's fun. In fact that's what we had for a Christmas party last week. <SEP> Uh-huh. We just had a bunch of people over. And we had we did lasagna and garlic bread and uh yummy. Um. Boy I like that. Uh I do too in fact. <SEP> Yeah. Well I'm planning a. And naturally this is appropriate because I'm planning dinner for people tomorrow night and then the next night. Oh. Oh good. <SEP> So Tuesday night there'll be eight people here altogether. Uh actually one thing we have done quite a bit through the holidays just because it's a real easy is just baked potato dinners. Oh yeah. Uh-huh. And have you know like three or four couples come over. And I'll do the potatoes and you know like butter and cheese and stuff and have everybody else just bring a couple of toppings whatever they like. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it turns out great because I mean you've got like hot sauce and taco meat and barbecue and you know bacon and all that good stuff. Yeah. That's fun. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it's it's inexpensive. Yeah. Plus it's real easy on the hostess because you can just have the potatoes ready and just have a salad with it. And you got a great dinner. <SEP> Yeah. That's a good idea. It's it's real easy. I like doing that part. Yeah. I'm in favor of very little clean up um very little planning because we've got three or four couples that we get together with to play games. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. And it's. <SEP> Uh-huh. We invariably end up at my house since I've got two kids. Uh-huh. And that it's it's fine because then I can just say Okay fine. You bring this. You bring this. You bring this. We're done. <SEP> Yeah. And it's pretty cool. Yeah. That's good. Well one of my favorites if I don't want to have other people bring stuff I just want to treat them is to make chicken and rice. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh. It's very easy to. Oh. <SEP> You don't like it? Oh I love it. Oh you do. Okay. Yeah. I have a really easy recipe for that where you just brown the chicken. And then you put rice in the bottom of the pan. You pour bouillon or chicken broth over it. Um. <SEP> And and you put the chicken in then pour the uh broth over. And you can put mushrooms in if you want. And then you just. Over the uncooked rice? Yeah. Over uncooked rice. Oh. <SEP> And you can either microwave it. Or do it in the oven. And it just. Oh how neat. It fluffs up. And it's really moist. Huh. Now I've done it with where you put you cook the ri- well I guess you probably could do it same way but cook the rice and then take a can of like cream of mushroom soup or cream of chicken soup and put a little bit of white wine in it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Wow. Yeah. And every once in a while I'll put in I'll slice white grapes. And I'll put in there. And that's just because I'm not a real big wine person. But I like it. It adds something to the chicken. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And then just bake it. And it makes a wonderful sauce over the rice. Well I'll keep that one in mind. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. It's that was one of the first things I made for my husband because I was like um. Yeah. Yeah. I could actually find something I could cook real easy that would be kind of sort of elegant kind of. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. You can get away with it even having a semi nice dinner. Oh yeah. <SEP> Or you know semi. But then I hadn't thought about doing it with uncooked rice. Yeah. So just like in a thirteen by nine pan. <SEP> Yeah. You put in um. Um. Let's see what was it three quarters of cup of rice. Or. Um. <SEP> It depends on. You can really vary it. Uh-huh. But you have to put the water in proportionally. I can't remember. I think it was three quarters cup rice to two cups water two cups um broth. Yeah. Yeah. I I use that for br- for rice. And for when I cook pasta or something I'll put a little bit of bouillon in there just to give it a little extra flavor. <SEP> Yeah. Flavor. Uh-huh. Yeah. Um. Now that would be good. <SEP> Uh-huh. How long do you have to bake it? Um let's see. I think it was an hour. I've done it in the microwave so often lately because it's it's really easy. I do I do microwave too a lot. <SEP> Yeah. But I think it's about an hour. How long would it be how long would it be in the microwave? Or maybe it's only half hour. <SEP> Um you just. Until the rice looks fluffy and and not overdone. You know before it gets overdone. Oh okay. Okay. <SEP> Do you just brown the chicken to get it colored. Yeah. Or do you go ahead and let it cook through? <SEP> Um I'd let it cook just a little bit just so that the cooking goes a little faster. Um. Ooh this is a beneficial call. I like this. <SEP> Yeah. I liked your idea too there. Yeah. But that one's an easy one. It's like just put in. A friend of mine makes it where she goes ahead and seasons up the with the soup and the wine. Uh-huh. Put in garlic and onion powder or chopped onions if you want to do that you know. What ever however much effort you feel like putting into it. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. But it it makes a great. I mean I've got a two year old and a four year old. And they love it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And because my daughter calls it her gravy. And I mean she thinks it's wonderful. My good you're a picky eater if I can get you to.
sw3124.txt:Well the weather has been certainly has been hot. And it's been humid. I don't remember a year in a long time that the humidity has stayed up this high for uh this late into uh. Well it's not really late into the summer. But the the humidity has hung around all of June. Yeah. Are you native to this area? No. I grew up in Michigan. So uh But I've been I've been in Texas for fifteen years. <SEP> Oh okay. Uh-huh. So uh but you know I know the summers get hot. But it certainly uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. This humidity has just really hung on there. Yeah. Yeah. It seemed like well you know last year was so strange having all those heavy heavy rains in April. And this year we really didn't have heavy rains until May. Kind of like pushed the season back a little farther. And now it's kind of lingering with kind of still a bit of humidity. And it just tried to rain. I mean I was coming in from my car just a few minutes ago. And it was trying to rain which seems strange to have it raining in July. Yes. <SEP> Normally we don't have too much uh humidity or or uh rainy time when it's past June. Oh that's right. That's right. I can remember it not. It's really August that it happens. You get those great big cracks in the ground where it's been so dry. Right. And it just gets so dry. And the earth opens up. I can remember the first year I moved here. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it didn't rain. I moved here like in late August. And it didn't rain from August until December. And I went home and told it just doesn't rain in Texas. I mean it was great after growing up in Michigan and not and al- you know every day was cloudy. Almost every day was cloudy. And I you sort of forget how much it did rain. And coming here and then it didn't rain. It was just wonderful. <SEP> Well yeah. See I I lived in uh Ohio mainly. I lived in uh Pontiac just a little while before I came down here. Oh yeah. And you know so many times when you were trying to schedule outdoor activities you just never knew if it was going to be a go or not because of the weather. It might rain on your little parade. That's right. That's right. <SEP> You know and here it was like pretty much you could schedule some activity outside anytime. And you really didn't have too much of a chance of it getting rained out. Yeah. You could pretty much do whatever you wanted to do. That's right. <SEP> What part of Michigan were you living in? Oh I grew up in Dearborn which is a suburb of of Detroit. Okay. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. You probably know where that is because I know where Pontiac is. So uh Anyway. Yeah. <SEP> What brought you down here? Oh a teaching job. So you teach in Plano schools? Yeah. I did I did for a while. Uh-huh. So I'm home with home with two children. So uh So. <SEP> Oh. Okay. New career. New career. <SEP> Okay. But uh anyway. So that kind of uh. Well I had been down here to visit. So I school and said hey let's you know find a place that has a nice job. And uh that's how it worked out. Well yeah. I think a lot of people were uh leaving Michigan all about the time I came here in the early eighties. And it seemed like it was almost a mass exodus. Oh yeah. <SEP> You know the the little joke about will the last person leaving Michigan just turn out the light. Oh well it's a nice place you know. I mean it's it's a nice that's a nice place though. Well you know I I said I lived in uh the Pontiac. I didn't live in the city of Pontiac. I lived to the west of it. Uh I forget the the county. But you know where all the lakes are around there. Okay. Sort of. <SEP> I lived in an apartment complex on one of the lakes. It was real close to where I worked. It was only like four miles to work. And it was wonderful being on the lake like that. You know in the summer you feel like you're you know on a vacation all the time because you're right on a lake. And everybody's you know out enjoying the water and such. And uh in the winter time the lakes froze over. You could still kind of go sledding and such out there. But I thought it was just really neat to be out there on all those lakes. There's lots of really small ones out there. Yeah. You know like maybe a mile two long. Yeah. <SEP> That's enough to uh do some boating. That's right. And it was lots of fun. That's right. Lake I think Lake Whitmore is the only one I have real memories of. Which is. <SEP> Um. Well I think it's I think it's toward Ann Arbor. So it's probably out in that direction. But that's the only one I probably could name after all these years. Uh-huh. So But uh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. But it was yeah just lots of little lakes. And of course it was you know a little more expensive to live on the lake. But I just thought that was grand. And I think a lot of people didn't really know that there were all those lakes out there unless you were from that area and kind of spotted them. But there was quite a few lakes all around there. It seemed like it was almost like you were living on an island. There was so much water around where I was. I said I wasn't close to downtown Pontiac. I was way out to the west maybe four or five miles from from the city limits. And it was really nice out there. Yeah. <SEP> We had uh Pine Knob you know to go skiing and stuff. Oh. Right. <SEP> Right. So there were things around there. Really was pretty nice. Sure. Sure. And d- isn't that where they have a summer music festival there too? <SEP> Right. Right. In the summertime they have musicals there. And in the winter time they make snow and have a ski slope. That's right. That's right. I know we used to. We we didn't do a lot of it. But we did. We did. Yeah. Yeah. So those are always fun. And Alpine was it Alpine was another ski slope that we went to. <SEP> Uh-huh. So uh It was nice. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I always tell people that in the winter we use we used to uh. My dad would kind of bank up the snow in the backyard and turn the hose on you know make a pond in the backyard for us. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. So but uh you know we probably did some ice skating on it. But then it chipped chipped. And you know it would melt or whatever and get pretty uneven. So. Yeah. Yeah. We used to have a. Christmas time uh some of our relatives would come up from Alabama. And I think most times we would have snow around Christmas. And the kids when they were young would just go nuts. Yeah. <SEP> You know because they were from Alabama where it never snowed. Oh. And they just had a grand time watching the snow and getting out there and playing in it you know eternally. Oh. <SEP> Oh right. Right. If only it would make nice snow here in Texas we'd be okay at Christmas time. My first winter here. I I came down in uh early eighty-two. And there was just a freak snowfall early one morning in December be- couple days before Christmas. It lasted only a few hours. Like by noon it was gone. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And I remember getting up and somebody telling me hey better wait to go to work because the roads are all you know snow. And I was laughing going yeah right that's a good practical joke. Ha ha. <SEP> They said no really there's snow. And there was but a very short time. And the weather got warm so quick. Yeah. It just melted it all away. Yeah. Yeah. I know. <SEP> Course when we get an ice storm that's not too much fun. No. That's not fun either. So uh I I just as soon have all the slushy snow on the streets than have the ice on the streets. So But uh well we have. Our house is kind of on a little hill. So uh we get the sled out. And uh the kids go down the hi- the hill on the sleds when it's icy. I mean they just go down the ice. <SEP> Yeah. And if it's cold we say okay out you go. I think we must be the only people on the block that make use of that cold weather and get out there. <SEP> Oh yeah. I think it's fun. Even the couple of ice storms I've gotten out there in my ski pants or something and still just been out and enjoying it a little bit. I mean sometimes the ice is pretty bad. But if you get on the the uh grassy kind of part you get a little bit of traction you know not slip and fall. I mean first.
sw2640.txt:Well I don't I mean I don't know what you think about the subject. I'd the I had never really thought of what they said before about allowing the the sentencing to uh to go to the judge instead of the jury and allowing him to do that. I've been kind of sitting here thinking about that a little bit while I was waiting for them to phone somebody. And I don't know that that's not a good idea. That's not a bad idea. I. Um uh that you know. They probably need to change it somehow uh. The whole system needs changing. We've just got too many people in there and uh are putting too many uh people in jail that probably don't need to be there. I agree. <SEP> And it's another form of sentencing. Uh-huh. But on that one thing I I still think it should be a unanimous decision. Oh yeah. I agree. Yeah. <SEP> Uh I think we're getting to the point now where they're going to eventually let it be um majority vote. And that's not going to be good. I don't like that. No. No. I don't like that at all. I know my husband served on a on a jury a few months ago up here in Denton. But uh it was a guy it was it was a drug conviction. And I don't remember. He had some cocaine and th- it was accused of selling it. And I don't remember exactly how much he had. But uh actually not selling it. There's a difference. Cr- cro- couriering it is what. Ther- is supposedly a difference from selling then being a courier. And he was a courier. <SEP> Right. And uh they he's he sat on that jury. And they found him guilty. And they went through the sentencing phase and everything. And uh you know they were told that you know during the trial that this is this guy's first offense. And he's got this clean record. And and they ended up. The jury you know decided hey it's time to crackdown here you know. And it was time to do this drug thing. And let's crackdown. And let's really. And they sentenced him to fifteen years you know which they thought first offense okay this is they thought that that was that was a good thing. Uh-huh. And they sentencing him to fifteen years. And um after it was all over uh the jud- they sit down with the judge and with the other two lawyers let me come over in just a second okay and sit down with the judge and with the other two lawyers. And they were told that uh he would probably serve three of the fifteen and that he had three previous convictions. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. However they could not tell the jud- the jury that during the trial because all three of them were in appeal. <SEP> Oh yeah. So the jury didn't know about it. So here they based their sentencing thinking that this was this guy's first offense. Sure. And so you know we'll give him fifteen which will teach him a lesson. But it's not just you know horrible since it was first offense. <SEP> Yeah. And he'd been convicted three times before you know. Oh. And and the jury was very upset. And my husband came home a home very upset. I mean he felt like that that they had been tricked you know. <SEP> Right. And so something. I wonder if a judge didn't have control of that if some of that would change you know. Yeah. The judge might know. Or at least it it wouldn't hurt to switch over there and see if it worked any better. If it didn't we can come back for something else. Or. That's true. That's very true. <SEP> Or or what we've got. So. Yeah. Well we definitely need a change in the system. And uh. Yeah. Obviously what we are doing is not working you know. <SEP> It's not working too. No. It's just piling up on us. Yeah. And there's you know there's people in our prisons that are not being rehabilitated in any way shape or form. <SEP> Right. And either they're in there forever or when they get out they're you know it's a matter of a few months. Right. And they're going to be right back for the same thing. So the system. <SEP> We're just not willing to set a society not willing to spend the time or the money to do what it takes. So. That's very true. Yeah. Yeah. I was talking to a friend of mine about this the other day. And I said you know I understand that there are a lot of countries that rely on the United States to. And and the and the people in those countries rely on our money to survive. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I really believe that we need to take care of ourselves. Right. I mean we. And and the-. I know people say oh it would be cruel to you know pull our aid from these other countries. And and maybe so. So tell them you've got five years. To work out a plan to make it on your own. <SEP> Right. Yeah. And we will continue funding you for the next two years. After two years we'll cut it down seven to seventy fiv- you know seventy-five percent. <SEP> Uh-huh. And after another year we'll cut it fifty percent. And in five years it sh-. By then you should all should have a plan worked where you can make it on your own without our help. Sure. And then we'll have all we'll have we will have the money if we would do that to to work on your own system because we've got some serious problems here. <SEP> Yeah. And we're trying to heal the world you know. Very serious yeah. It's just not it's just not working. <SEP> Oh yeah. You're right. I look at the I look at what you know thi- what the aid presented to the Kurds. And I I feel sorry for them. And I know they're suffering. And I know they're dying everyday. But we've got you know kids here in the United States that are dying everyday too. You know and being abused and neglected. <SEP> Sure. Oh. And you know I don't know. I just have this problem with uh trying to heal the world when you're so sick yourself you know. <SEP> You bet. So. Right. Well we seem to agree on the jury thing. And uh but uh we'll need an unanimous verdict. And maybe let the judge have a opportunity to make a decision. Yep. <SEP> I think we should try it like you say. Yeah. If it doesn't work we can always come back. But I think it would be a good idea to try it. <SEP> I do too. So anyway well we all agree. Well good. <SEP> Good to hear from you. You too bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2597.txt:Well this is a good subject isn't it? Yeah. It's it's something that you can really talk about. <SEP> Yeah. Um I don't know what we're going to do about it. But but it's certainly something that has a lot of things to talk about. Uh-huh. Um you know when they say the Middle East it's such a big area. <SEP> Uh-huh. And there's so many different problems there. Uh what do you want to concentrate on. It doesn't matter to me. Well uh I'll tell you something. Um I I have a sister-in-law from Israel. <SEP> Uh-huh. And and they're really quite uh arrogant about it all. They they believe that they they belong there. And they've belonged there forever. And the Palestinians and the Arabs are uh more or less. They they consider them second class. Uh-huh. So they're really quite arrogant about it. I don't uh I don't know if that contributes to the problem. <SEP> Well how did they feel about the uh the United States interven- intervening with Patriot missiles. Did did they. Oh uh I'm I'm sure this is the one time that the Israelis are really happy to have their big brothers the Americans. Uh-huh. But I didn't really talk about that with her. She um um my sister-in-law now lives in um Switzerland. <SEP> Oh. But um when they were living in Israel it was it was the the Palestinians they they come in an. And they're they're nothing but really servants for them. And they really treat them like second class citizens. They they don't really want them around. But they like them around because they do all the menial labor and such. Uh-huh. But they they really do. They look down on them. And I don't know being. I I live in uh Vermont. And being up here we pretty much treat everybody you know as someone that has merit even if they're poor or if they're Hispanic or if they're black. We give everybody pretty much the benefit of a doubt because we don't see all the crime and all the hurt in the big cities you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. I- if I lived in Washington D C I think I'd have a different attitude about Black people. Because I've heard that it it the they're terrible you know. It's just like it's a dog eat dog world. And here you know all all my black friends are professionals. And they're they don't you know they don't go out and abuse drugs. And they they send their kids to school. And they they they uh you know really encourage them to go to college and stuff. Uh-huh. So it's just a different world. <SEP> Well I live in San Antonio. And fifty percent of the population is minority. Oh um I talked to someone about San Antonio. Uh-huh. And um they said that they they have you have quite the problem with uh the ghettos. I don't know. Do they call it the barrio down there. <SEP> That's the barrios. But i- it's it's I don't think it's any different of a problem than any other major city. It's just Hispanics here instead of Blacks. Yeah. But I heard that sa- San Antonio unlike like like a city like San Diego it se- it just has a really bad problem. I grew up outside of Houston. And I don't think uh as far as gang violence and things I don't think it's any worse here than in Houston. Yeah. Like say Houston. Now I would now me not even knowing anything about Houston I would think that it's a pretty calm city. <SEP> Houston is not at all. No huh. There's a lot of crime? Yes. There's quite a bit of crime. Oh my um. Yeah. Like I wer- we're so protected up here. It's it's really strange. I mean our red light district I mean uh you could go walking around down there and pretty much not fear for your life you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we're just so protected. But it's it's over in the Mid East especially Israel it's just like Israelis have a like a totalitarian system when it comes to the Palestinians. You know the Israelis can do anything they want. But when it comes to Palestinians if they're out in the street at night it's it's really looked on as odd. Um usually they're they're bussed in to the the um Jewish neighborhoods and the Jewish cities. And then at night they're bussed out to the occupied territories. Huh. So they don't have that. But uh what do you think about the mess that's we've created in Iraq? <SEP> I think it's unfortunate uh as far as the Kurds are concerned. It. I thi-. It's just what do you do for them. You want to do something for them. But you don't want to get so directly involved that you're occupying the the country. Yeah. Yeah. We can't get involved in their civil war um unfortunately. But we've kind of driven these people out. To do it. Yeah. But you see President Bush is telling them rebel you know uh uprise. And that's what they did. And now they're like asking him for help. And he's like no we can't get involved. What my husband had very strong feelings. He uh agreed with um the General Schwartzkopf. He said um he should have let Bush should have let him finish his job. <SEP> Sure. He should he should have let them um corner the Republican Guards. Well I think the war ended too soon. Yeah. Exactly. That's what everyone says. <SEP> Yeah. E- everyone I talk to they says you know. It's real easy to say that. We we didn't damage enough of their arsenal. We damaged most of it. But we we should have gotten made sure we got everything. Yeah. I don't think the higher ups were thinking about wh- what this guy's going to do with the rest of his war machine. They're going oh well it's not going to hurt us. So we're just going to let them go. But really we didn't think about the people that he was going tr-. And I mean he he's just. <SEP> Unfortunately though the the original goal of the mission was to drive them out of Kuwait. And once that was accomplished it. They yeah they they did they stuck right to their goals. Yeah. And right. What they were going to say. And the American people when this first started they were even reluctant to let them do that. <SEP> Yeah. So they were they were playing it very safe. But you know it an ounce what do they say an ounce of hind sight is worth whatever. Yeah. Th- they I don't know they it Schwartz- Schwartzkopf knew what had to be done. And it's too bad that he just didn't have the ability just to do it to you know the uh the go ahead to do it. <SEP> Yeah. Because he had the fu-. He knew what was going to happen more than any of us. Because I didn't realize that um. It was going to make such a mess. I mean I feel really sorry for these people. These people are middle class people just like us. Can you imagine if someone started bombing your neighborhood. Yeah. And you knew this. These people are going to come. And if you were in your house they were going to take you and beat you. Of course you're going just going pick everything up that you can carry. And you're going to run. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it it's just too bad that we couldn't see that. I just have a feeling that the military involvement isn't over yet. That I I still feel like there's more to come. I don't think this whole issue is settled as far as we're concerned. Well you know what I was hoping? I was hoping Iran was going to take a very um dramatic stand and invade you know. And then like Iran's the big bad guy you know. But really if if they were going to save people's lives. <SEP> They've got sixty or so of Iraq's planes. Yeah. I know. It's like they were using them as friends when we were having the conflict. But I I you know I almost swear I'm kind of disappointed with the Iranians. Why they didn't go save. I mean I don't know if the Kurdish. I know the Shiites are their people. Uh-huh. But I don't know. I think they have a bond with the the Kurds. <SEP> There are some Kurds living in Iran. Yeah. I I think they should have just done more uh. And maybe if the world could have given them some type of aid. It's it's just so complicated. I was real surprised that Israel stayed out of it as as much as they did. Oh yeah. Well you. Knowing them they're very um oh. I don't know. Almost compare them to a very egotistical man. <SEP> Uh-huh. You're damn right. I'm going to protect my family you know. So I I was amazed too. I was really I was really um proud of them though that they stayed out of it. But. Yeah. It and from from what I can tell if they had gotten into it it would have started a whole new war. Oh yeah. I was I. That part scared me. That that um the Egyptians would pull out. And I just saw atomic bomb.
sw3331.txt:Well what I believe is one of the major pro- uh things that is wrong with our public school system is that um we do not have enough discipline. Uh-huh. And the parents do not let the teachers discipline the children the way that they need to be disciplined right now. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I agree with that. Uh when I went to school I know I was scared to death about being disciplined. <SEP> You were? And the discipline that my daughter receives now in going to school is just totally different. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know you just you did not see I did not see anybody in my classrooms when I was going to school act up the way that kids do these days in the classroom. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. From what I understand they act up pretty bad. Yeah. That's right. That's right. What uh grade is your daughter in? My my daughter's in the um fourth grade. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And um there's children in her classroom that just totally disrupt the classroom where the teacher can not teach. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And when I went to school that just wasn't put up with. Oh no. Uh-huh. They always had a paddle in our school. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well they they just don't do that any more. I know. But the school system's afraid of getting sued and um all sorts of lawsuits I'm sure because of things like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. And I also believe we don't even though I feel like I pay a good share towards the school system that the teachers are still underpaid. And we still don't have enough money towards put in toward public school. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And um I think that if we had enough money and paid the teachers a little bit more that maybe that could solve some of our problems. <SEP> Yeah. Wasn't that what part of the lottery is going to go for if we approve it? Yes. Supposedly that's what it's suppose to go for. And you know we'll just have to wait and see whether that's approved or not. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know I don't know your feelings toward that. I guess we shouldn't get into that. But um and what else um. <SEP> I think in some ways that they need to be more careful of the teachers that they hire. Uh-huh. I have heard stories uh from other parents that I know of their children are in high school that teachers are out there giving drugs and selling drugs. <SEP> Uh-huh. No. Really? Oh yeah. <SEP> Ooh. I've I've heard some horrible horrible stories about high high school teachers. Uh-huh. And you know to be be more careful of the teachers that we place in our school. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um. Um that's basically about all that I know that may be wrong with the school system. I think with what they have to work with I think they're doing a pretty good job right now. <SEP> Oh I do too. I think they're doing real good job. Uh-huh. So. But then what do I know. You don't have any children in school? Don't have any kids. <SEP> I don't have any kids. No. None at all. Yeah. Okay. So this is probably a real hard subject for you. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well I guess um we can discontinue our call now. Okay. It was a joy in talking with you. <SEP> Well it was good talking to you too. Okay. Thanks. We'll see you. Bye-bye. Bye.
sw2719.txt:Do you exercise a lot? Oh it's uh scaled back considerably. Uh right now my exercise is pretty much limited to uh softball league and occasional ride on the bike. But uh I uh I was just recently well recently nine months ago got married and bought a house. So my outside activities have been curtailed a lot. Is mowing the lawn a new exercise? <SEP> Yeah. Lawn. It's a forty year old house. So we are doing a lot of refurbish work. Oh my. And yeah. Painting lawn gutters. You name it all kinds of stuff flower beds. I think that's considered exercise whether you want it or not. <SEP> Yeah. That that's true. That's true. It's there's always something to do. And uh and and uh it keeps me going. But. Well you're you are so far ahead of me. I used to uh I used to walk two miles a day. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I really enjoyed it. Yeah. Because the two miles went fairly quickly. I could do it in twenty-eight minutes. <SEP> Yeah. And that's not stopping and talking to everyone along the way. Right. But it's a lot. You know. It's not too strenuous. And I could sort all kinds of things out and make plans and everything. But I don't know what I did to my knee. I was crawling under a desk hooking up a computer. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I mashed it wrong or I did something. Oh gosh. And the doctor has had me on medication. And she doesn't want me to walk. She said that's you know while it's healing you're going to mess it up. So I can't walk. <SEP> Wow. And uh she said you know the most conservative approach you do the medicine you do the medicine again and again before you think of surgery. Uh-huh. And I don't want her to think of surgery on my knee. I don't want anyone to think about that ever. <SEP> No. That that's a tough situation. That's that microscopic stuff you know. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Not my kneecap. <SEP> So I'm I'm being very good. Yeah. But I miss it. I really do. And I. <SEP> Oh that. It's so aggravating to uh to have an injury like that. My wife uh runs or likes to run. But uh she's. Well we moved we moved down to the north end of Oak Cliff in the Castle Park area. Oh really. Yeah. And she started running down there and all the hills. Uh-huh. <SEP> And she lasted about two weeks. And her ankles couldn't take it anymore. She was used to running you know flat tracks and whatnot. And uh ever since that it's just been real difficult. It's real aggravating because she starts in. And her ankles will start hurting again and stuff. Even if she does get on flat ground. So she's kind of in the same mode. She was all ready to get back into it and start running uh five K's and ten K's and stuff this spring. And she just hasn't been able to stick with the training schedule long enough to really get back in shape. And when you want to do it it's really really aggravating. You know it it's one thing to get motivated to start doing the exercise. And it's another thing to to already be past that and then not be able to because of your health. I can you understand that. Yeah. Uh I don't really want to. I just know I need to. <SEP> Well it's. I make myself do it. And if I do it okay. I don't love it. But I will do it. Sure. Uh it's not anything I would want to. But I can really tell the difference since I have not been able to walk. I have got to be so much more careful with what I do. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It's depressing. Uh-huh. It is. And you know you you don't spi- well. Speaking for myself I don't sleep as well when I am not exercising. And uh it's really it's harder to get out of bed in the morning and all kinds of stuff. It your body just gets used to it. Yeah. I I don't particularly enjoy it. Well I I used to lift weights an awful lot and stuff like that. I do enjoy riding bike. But as far as the working out and lifting and things like that. Uh I I can't say I really enjoyed it all that much. But once I got used to it it was habit forming. It was. I felt so bad if I didn't. Physically I mean. I just. My body was was was uh tuned into that that mode. And if I if I skipped it then it kind of threw the the whole the whole system out of whack. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Right. Boy. Hopefully my my knee is a hundred percent better. Maybe I can get back into it. Yeah. That's for sure. Let me ask you a question off the subject though. <SEP> Okay. You're in you're living in the Castle Park area? That's right. I grew up in Oak Cliff. <SEP> Did you really? Yes. I did. Uh just close to Methodist Hospital. Okay. Yeah. On Candy. C a n d y. <SEP> Right. Oh in fact I lived there oh until nineteen late nineteen fifties. Okay. Okay. And that area is it changing back again? So many people are moving back into those old houses and are restoring them. <SEP> Yeah. It is. Uh we're on we're on a little street called Bison Trail. It's only about a block and a half long. But it's it's over on the other end. It it's over by the far edge of uh Stephen's Park Golf Course. Oh I know exactly where that is. Yeah. It's it's uh. You know where the little bridge is on North Oak Cliff Boulevard? Yeah. Sure. <SEP> Yeah. We are just south of that little bridge back-up on the hill in the trees there. And yeah. Uh our street is uh an awful lot of retired people. But the other half. In fact our one little block and a half there four houses sold last summer. And three sold the summer before. And everybody in their late twenties to mid-thirties are buying and and starting to rebuild and fix things up again. And everybody is real excited. Oh that's that's wonderful. Yeah. That is a gorgeous gorgeous place. <SEP> Oh it's it's a lot of fun. The people are great. There too we've got a real active neighborhood association. And uh we have well we've got four regular parties every year. And we do a neighborhood recycling program and all that kind of stuff. So it's a lot of fun. And it is it's a really beautiful area. And some some of the people uh some of the higher dollars lawyers and stuff downtown too are picking up some of those great big houses. And they're they're getting them at a real bargain. Well sure. They are. You know. They're they're getting four thousand square feet for a hundred fifty a hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars. Hm. <SEP> And uh and they're just going to town with them. They're people are putting in pools and and completely redoing the outside restoring to the original you know nineteen thirty nineteen forties look. Oh wow. And it it's it's really coming around. I guess. I need to go over there and just drive around and look. <SEP> It's it's worth the trip. Oh I'm sure it must be. I'm just. We had a lovely little house over there. It was like a two story. Uh-huh. Well story and a half really because we had a basement. <SEP> Okay. And the guy that built it was weird. I mean weird. Yeah. It's one of these really creative houses that I grew up in that nothing was on the same level with anything else. <SEP> Okay. Oh wow. And I just loved the neighborhood. <SEP> Yeah. And I mean everyone everyone had houses like that. They were all completely different. Uh-huh. That's right. And so neat. <SEP> Yeah. Ours is kind of a little ranch style with a great big oh I guess it's twenty-eight by fifteen front porch. Oh. Next door we've got an Austin stone. Across the street the guy. It was burnt out about two years ago. And and the guy moved in and completely redid. It's got oh it's got a rounded front on it. It's all brick. And he's he's landscaped his yard. And he's about ready to put in a pool and things like that. So yeah. There's a variety. You just don't see it anywhere else as far as the different styles in the houses and whatnot. Now why couldn't your wife run around the golf course? Is that not good? <SEP> Oh she could a little bit. We. I tell you what. We got into the fitness center at Methodist. And they have a quarter mile track there. So she has started doing that rather than uh rather than take off. The problem is she's a school teacher. And for her she can't run in the morning. For her to get home and try to run at six o'clock in the night in the winter time it's starting to get dark. And you know you don't want to. She doesn't want to be out by herself anywhere in Dallas. Regardless whether it's north Dallas or whatnot when she goes over to this fitness center it's fenced in. And there's somebody in the building watching her and all that. So there's a lot of consideration. Yes. I I really hear that you know. I think you know you're in Oak Cliff. Uh-huh. But I'm in Plano. In west Plano. <SEP> Yeah. And we live on one of those blocks that it's a neighborhood watch block. Uh-huh. We all know each other. And the street doesn't go anywhere. <SEP> Right. If you are on the street you better belong there. Because it's not a through street. That's right. <SEP> That's right. And still I want to get up early in the morning and walk. Before this knee business. Uh-huh. And my husband had a lot of heartburn with that. <SEP> Yeah. I mean it looked darker to him because he he was in the house with the lights on. Right. When I was out walking it was more of a predawn type. Pretty but. Huh-huh. He didn't think it looked predawn to him. <SEP> Yeah. It looked dark. Yeah. And even he was real concerned about that. So it's not just because you are in Oak Cliff. It's just because you're smart. <SEP> That's true. That you don't do things like that. It only takes one time. That's right. <SEP> It's a hard lesson to learn. There's only one crazy out there you know to make any difference. Yeah. Yeah. You know it goes all over. Well you got the.
sw3409.txt:So how many um credit cards do you have? Um I think I'm down to one. Oh my gosh. I wish I was that way. Is that why you said I had more experience than you? <SEP> Well no. I was pulling your leg. Oh. Well how how do you use your credit card? I mean do you just keep it in reserve. Or. I I well. The way I'd like to try and use it is um you you you make your purchases at at prime buying time. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then you pay that off and don't use it until uh it's paid off. Uh-huh. That's that's my ideal way. Uh-huh. How how do you use it? <SEP> Emergencies come along. And I and I use it. Yeah. That's understandable exactly. <SEP> Uh like uh my car uh had a major problem and seven hundred dollars. Uh-huh. And uh things just come up. Right. Right. <SEP> And you just never get to use it the way you'd really like to. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well actually I do have quite a few more credit cards than you have. Um and I use them you know. Like my American Express I use for you know gas things like that. And I pay that off monthly. And then um some other credit cards like store credit cards you know I do have them up there a little bit. But uh. Uh-huh. I try not to use them too often. But living in this area uh like I live fifteen miles west of Washington D C. <SEP> Um. It's a very expensive area. Yeah. So sometimes you have no other choice if you need to buy something. <SEP> Yeah. Well I I know I was up in there and a lot of credit cards. And I was just starting to get to where it was getting me in trouble. Right. So we just disposed of them paid them off and got out of it. Uh-huh. <SEP> I just. Uh-huh. Well that was good that you had the opportunity to do that. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Now are you married that you both you and your wife use a credit card. Or? Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well now we pretty much just pay cash for as much as we can there. Uh-huh. Um. Uh-huh. <SEP> Our our only credit card is Sears. So and I have that for automotive purposes. Uh-huh um. Right. Right. Well well that's great. Um everyone I know here uses um credit cards like they're going out of business to be honest with you. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It's it's just too easy basically uh just get yourself in trouble with those. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The only other one I have. I have like a Diner's Club through my um where I work. <SEP> I see. So that I use because I travel some. So I use that. And I don't really have to worry about that because I only use it for business. So I automatically have the money to pay it off. Yeah. But. Um. <SEP> Uh I wouldn't mind uh you know getting back into one if they would you know. You start out at a low limit. And then they just keep wanting you to increase your limit. Uh-huh. And and if I can get one that'll keep my limit at five hundred and I can never go over that or something like that then that's fine. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But they eventually gets up there to five thousand ten thousand whatever fifty thousand. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Forget it. I don't want that. Um the temptation's too great. <SEP> Yeah. Um. So I don't know. Just uh. Writing checks is just as easy I guess. Yeah. That's true. That's true. But. So I guess uh we've kind of exhausted this uh topic. <SEP> Yeah. Well really. What what can you. Yeah. You can't say too much about it really. Other than you use them or you don't use them. You like them. Or you don't like them. So. Uh-huh. <SEP> I guess uh they don't care if we end it early. So uh hopefully uh you have a good Thanksgiving. That's coming up. And. And then uh maybe we'll talk again. Okay. You too. Yeah. May be. You're the furthest person actually that I've talked. I've talked to a lot of people in Texas. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Texas is the big one. Yeah. So. <SEP> Okay then. Well bye now. O- okay. Bye-bye.
sw3526.txt:Hi. Well I guess. W- which one have you got right now? Or. Well I uh. Couple of them. I at the moment use an A S T two eighty-six. And I got a leading edge. And I got a American one and had a I B M one. But. My my. Just a couple. <SEP> What do you have? Uh I've got an Omega. And I've got a uh generic three eighty or four eighty-six machine. Oh yeah? Yeah. It's very very generic. <SEP> What did you do put it together? Yeah. And and uh upgraded it and put things in there and dibbled and dabbled. And now now it's now it's a fast machine. Well that's. <SEP> Yeah. That's all I got to say for it. Yeah. What do you use it for? Huh? <SEP> What do you use it for? Uh work. Uh I'm a contract programmer. Oh yeah? What kind of programs do you. Uh anything. <SEP> Okay. I mean like business programs. Or Man. Uh I've done business programming scien- you know scientific applications like you know petroleum science stuff and Uh uh test equipment. And I did the I I did one that was the demonstration of a touch touch screen for a company that sells uh touch screens. It was kind of fun. <SEP> Uh-huh. Put a little bitty portable computer in there and a plasma display. And make it look like things like uh you know attack simulators and and all sorts of little things you'd want to put your finger on the screen for. Huh. <SEP> Well that's. Well that sounds interesting. <SEP> Matter of fact uh I guess you do uh you get a lot of graphics in there I imagine huh. Oh yeah. Definitely. That's where the speed helps out. Uh yeah. Unfortunately the little portable P C that was plugged on the back was only a seven and a half megahertz eighty eighty-six. It's like slow. <SEP> Yep. That will that will slow you up. Huh? <SEP> Well I I do uh uh programming for C N C turret presses and uh cat cam system type things. Uh-huh. And uh really need a faster system. Uh I got a new line that I I sell metal fabricating equipment and cat cam systems and tooling et cetera. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh. I know a guy that upgrades uh for a reasonable cost. Who is that? Uh his name is T Q or something like that. And my notebook is somewhere around here. See if I can make my telephone cord stretch far enough. <SEP> I've tried to do is get this outfit to give me one. Uh he's uh up in. Huh? <SEP> That's how I got my other ones by selling their product for them. They not only give me a demonstrator but the hardware as well as the software. Uh-huh. And as they And as they go to the next one I just keep the. Oh that works. <SEP> That's why I have so many different levels of P C -s around at the moment. Uh here it is. A T S Computers. A T S? Uh-huh. <SEP> And where are they at? Uh do you know where uh Custer is? Oh yeah. Okay. He's uh uh south of Renner on on Custer. <SEP> And there is a little bitty mall that looks kind of like or strip kind of center. In Richardson there. Huh? <SEP> In Richardson? Uh-huh. I know where you mean. There is a Mobil and all that kind of s- uh on that one corner. That's about Lookout there I think isn't it. Right. It's it's it's just south of there. <SEP> Yeah. It's a little place looks like a castle. Yeah. Kind of uh little guy in there. He he uh gives reasonable prices. <SEP> Oh. Like I I traded my uh three eighty-six for the four eighty-six for about six hundred. Really? Well that's a good deal. Yeah. It was pretty reasonable. <SEP> Yeah. But uh uh he. And he does a good job. And he s- he he uh guarantees everything he sells. Uh there is a lot. You ever go by Lucky Computer there? Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> I used to. When I was putting shop floor computers together for guys I'd go and get their units and put them together and go and interface the stuff with our systems. Uh-huh. Haven't been doing much of that for the last year or so. So I I don't know where those guys are at these days. But I. Uh they they're up there in that mall. Uh just below Campbell. Or that strip strip center. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. They're still doing business. Big business apparently. <SEP> I tell you those prices have just unbelievably come down. Uh-huh. Oh yeah. I was amazed I was able to get this four eighty-six for six hundred even with a trade in. You know it's like wow. Yeah. That works. I'll go do that. <SEP> I. And boy that thing screams now. Yeah. I was kind of surprised how rapidly they bypassed the three eighty-six. <SEP> That wasn't alive for but maybe two years. Uh-huh. Well I thought was funny that they kept pushing the three eighty-six S X even though the the price difference is about ten dollars. Is that right? That's it? Yeah. It when it comes on the manufacturing floor it's about ten bucks. <SEP> I'll be darned. Yeah. Huh well.
sw2073.txt:Okay. I don't know. Which end do we push. But okay. Okay. Well um let's see. I I think there's a lot of people that don't vote because they don't really think their their uh opinion is going to be heard. And you know there's such a small voice and such a huge number of people in the United States. And that you know. Their yo- vote's not going to make that much difference. And whether you vote for one person or the other person the issues is what you know what you believe in. And that person is going to have a lot of uh. Since there's so many issues this one person can believe a lot of different ways on all of them. Right. Yeah. <SEP> So it would be really difficult to have that one pers- perfect person that believed exactly what you believed. That's true. You know a lot of people uh uh. I think the that it ends up the people that uh vote every time uh elections come around are more the the polly uh the party type followers the guys that uh you know follow the party lines you know. And they you know just go in. Yeah. And if they're Republican they vo- vote Republican every year you know. And uh the people that are independent you know are the ones that don't uh don't really uh show up every year because they can't seem to to decide which are the good aspects and which are the bad aspects of a candidate. <SEP> Right. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Ye-. I always thought. It was back when Anderson was running I was hoping that things would change and he'd actually get elected and party politics would start going down the tubes. But um that didn't work. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. There's uh a lot of extremes on the parties too with the you know the real uh far side of the Democrats. They're real liberal now and to where probably fifty or a hundred years ago um the Democrat party being liberal like they are now you know would never be thought of. It would be the other way that the Republicans were real liberal minded as far as like uh moral standings and those kinds of things. Uh-huh. <SEP> But. Yeah. Yeah. That's uh. And then and then people always get upset about it too because you know every year the the the politicians are the ones that are usually pushing for more people to vote. Uh-huh. They they each think that uh if more people vote they'll get more votes huh? <SEP> Yeah. I'm always amazed at that that each candidate thinks it's going to be the people that come out that will vote for him you know. Yeah. That's that's true. I think in uh the Texas governor elections I think more people turned out to vote against somebody than for somebody this time. Yeah. Well that uh. I know that there's certain issues that can really motivate people because we live in a pr- pr- predominately Catholic type area. <SEP> Oh really? And when things start uh. When when abortion comes on the issues and people just get all insp- inspired you know. Right. And uh still on the other hand we're also uh. This particular community is a Catholic community. But uh uh down in D C where where things are a little bit different uh you know it's it's women's rights and the and that sort of movement. And so it's uh quite the opposite. So elections start getting very uh. The elections where they have that topic seem to be a little bit better attended than some of the other ones. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. But uh. Yeah. That's true that the different places in America that uh you know different issues would be a lot more important than say in another place. Yeah. I can understand why why some of the the rural areas the voter turnout isn't as much because it does seem sometimes like the lobbyists in D C are like controlling things for the the Midwest. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh it doesn't matter who they put in office they're going to fall subject to uh the pressure that the lobbyists can put. Right. Yeah. And it's uh real true that uh you know they'll say one thing to get elected. <SEP> And then once they do get elected they don't have the power or the authority or the willingness to do those things that they promised you know beforehand. Right. You know maybe it just wasn't possible at all in the first place you know like the no new taxes thing. You know that's uh. With the economy going the way it is and everything that was nearly ridiculous thing to even try to do. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well I don't think he's going to have to worry about that next year. I think he can probably raise taxes and still get elected. Right. Uh. <SEP> Right. After the war. Uh-huh. That really uh. Unfortunately that will probably even drop lower the voters turndown even more because more Democrats will think that they don't have a shot. So they won't even bother turning out. <SEP> Uh that's true. Yeah. They'll just say oh well you know the Republicans have this election. We'll see you in four years. Right. Yeah. Hope some of the local. Well that's what they they keep saying that it seems like people with old-fashioned values are the ones that aren't turning out at the at the booths. They they say that these older voters that uh you know they they feel like the kids are running the the country. So they they don't come out turn out to vote. And they're the ones that uh you know really know what's going on have the experience and seen you know how politicians can you know screwup or what ever. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I know my grandmother hasn't voted in years. Right. That's. You know neither has mine as a matter of fact. And uh that's true. They I think they look at it as well everybody the majority of the people think this way when that's not necessarily true because you know that's what the media says. <SEP> Well the majority believes this way. So uh they don't even bother turning out to vote to express their uh opinions. So that's that's true. Yeah. Wonder if they're going to take into account this computerized conversation that there's little children you know bouncing in your knee the whole time you're talking. <SEP> Yeah. Do you hear the dogs in the background here? No. I can't hear them. Okay. They're. The children next door just opened the fence. And they went off. Oh yeah? <SEP> Yeah. But anyway that's. I guess we've uh talked long enough. And uh that was sort of interesting. Yeah. What part of the country are you from? Uh Washington D C. <SEP> Are you really? Uh-huh. Wow. This is. I'm in from. This is Dallas where I'm at. Oh okay. <SEP> The outskirts of Dallas. Well I figured with Texas Instruments they'd probably have a few uh Texans on the line now and then. Yeah. Do do you work for T I in any way? No. Huh-uh. <SEP> Wow. How did you how did they get you? Um they they went through engineering companies. Oh. And uh we're communications. I I work in a communications company. <SEP> Oh okay. Right. I work for T I. So we saw it on the uh T News one day. And I thought wow that might be interesting. Yeah. Sort of different. Yeah. They called me at uh ten o'clock one night. That was very strange. <SEP> Yeah. I guess they were doing Eastern Standard Time. I was like. I don't know how long it takes whether it takes five minutes or twenty minutes. Yeah. Central Standard Time is what they're doing it by. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I still haven't figured out what the zero through six days which day is which yet. But I didn't study it that hard. So maybe I'll figure it out. Uh-huh. <SEP> But anyway it was nice to talk to you and uh sort of meet you. And that was an interesting topic. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well if you're ever in uh D C come look up Wayne Sherman you'll say oh yeah talked to that guy. <SEP> Okay. I'm I'm Kyle Hunt too if you ever come to to Dallas area. Oh. Okay. <SEP> We live right by the airport. Yeah. Yeah. So do we. Oh okay. Yeah. Right next to Dulles. <SEP> Yeah. All right I'll talk to you later. Okay. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw2395.txt:Where do you get most of your news? I watch the MACNEIL LEHRER news hour. And I subscribe to the paper on the weekends. Where where are you? <SEP> I'm in Dallas. Oh yeah. Are you in Dallas also? No. I'm in San Antonio. <SEP> Oh really. Okay. I get my news from a combination of sources. I take the paper every day. Uh-huh. And I read it on the way in to work on the in a carpool. <SEP> Oh really. Uh-huh. And uh and I watch the uh actually I watch the morning news before I leave for work. And then you know usually over lunch there'll be a big topic of conversation on something from the news. Uh-huh. <SEP> I normally find that uh I- I'm probably the most um news hungry of my friends. So I don't we don't normally talk about the news at lunch. I I find that I have to only subscribe to the paper on the weekend simply because I used to get it during the week. Uh-huh. But um I would always end up arriving at work late because I would always end up skimming the headlines spending too much time reading it in the morning. <SEP> Yeah. So I have to cut myself down to the weekend plus after work. Um the MACNEIL LEHRER news hour is on public television. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I enjoy that quite a bit. Yeah. Um one of the women that I work with her husband is Iranian. Uh-huh. So here lately with all the Middle Eastern news we've had some very interesting conversations over lunch. <SEP> I will admit I work with uh someone who's Iranian. And he definitely has a very different slant on the news. Uh-huh. He's very very skeptical of the news media. And I will admit I'm reasonably skeptical also. But he's I don't know uh he's mu- much much more so. It's sort of interesting though because he does bring a a much um different perspective with all the Gulf goings on um. He was always speaking in terms of you know American imperialism reasserting itself. Um I suppose it's a different attitude that we normally don't hear in the country. Uh-huh. Well I I uh I like the print news much better than the television news because television news tends to sensationalize. <SEP> Uh-huh. True um. The. I understand that the MacNeil Lehrer probably doesn't. <SEP> They um tend to spend quite a bit of time on one story. Uh-huh. They will have maybe two or three main stories and just spend a very large amount of time. Sort of like the uh what is that A B C's NIGHTLINE. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well I guess they only normally stick with just the one um story. But they they can do a much better job since they don't have to chop it into little two minute stories. They don't report on every murder and shooting that happened in in every little town. No. No. It's very much national interest news. Yeah. <SEP> A lot of times they end up um with these panels of experts. And they go back and forth where everyone's giving some opinions. And sometimes that. I don't know the value of that because I saw plenty of jokes and and um oh editorial cartoons about all the retired generals making a living during the the Gulf War. I've been getting a kick out of those lately. <SEP> Uh-huh. Although um. I- I'm only twenty-five. So I've never actually been through a period of war. Uh-huh. And I don't know anyone in the military. And I don't have a lot of background knowledge in uh military strategy and and weaponry and and all that kind of stuff. And I thought the generals were very interesting. Now when they started to speculate I I saw that for what is was and thought all of these guys don't know what's going on. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I thought the- the- they were interesting. And and they shed some light on what was going on for me. I will admit it's interesting. I- I- I'm twenty-six. So I don't have any more experience in that than you. Um it it it was very interesting that it seemed like some of the commentators had their axe to grind you know. There were some that were screaming for air power. There were some that were saying the air power wasn't going to do it. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they seemed to mold the events to their view of the world which I suppose just about everyone does. But these guys had a a uh national soap box to stand on and and express this view. You know one of the best television news shows that I saw during the war was a show on a Saturday morning on A B C. And it was for children. Uh-huh. And it was hosted by Peter Jennings. And it was so interesting because they were relating the war to these children in their studio. And they also had children calling in live from all over the country and asking questions. And they they had all their correspondents in the different areas in Saudi Arabia and Israel and and all. They had them all uh on. I don't know what you'd call it other than on line. They had them all on hold. <SEP> Uh-huh. And if a child asked a question that the person in Jerusalem could best answer they would cut to that person. And that person would answer the question. It was just very informative and interesting. And uh I was real impressed at how A B C handled uh translating the war for children. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I didn't see anything like that although I did uh. I guess one thing that I found sort of interesting. This is getting a little off the topic. But there was a a a big push with the local T V stations to have little hot lines with counselors to to help parents learn how to talk about their war with their children. Uh-huh. I thought that was a really unusual thing. And our local H E B stores here. I don't know if it's H E B statewide or whatever. But they have videos that uh. I don't know if they still have them. But they were free rental videos that had something to do with the war. <SEP> Uh-huh. Ju-. Uh it was. <SEP> It- with the children's aspect? Right. It was something for children that they they had several advertisements on television pushing parents going and uh getting the video and watching it with their children and discussing it and that kind of thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> I suppose that is a valuable service. Again not having uh lived through another war I don't know if that's a common thing that people thought of. Or if that was a new concern with people. Well back during the Viet Nam conflict that no one will will have the guts enough to call a real war. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh the that type of technology just wasn't at people's disposal. That's true. That's true. So I don't think there's ever been a war that's been so thoroughly covered by the news. <SEP> And probably more importantly one that lasted short enough that that people's interest didn't flag too badly. Yeah. I tell you what. The first three days I was glued to the television. I will admit the same thing. And I would come home and flip on MacNeil Lehrer. And I. <SEP> And they would run these extended two three hour versions of the program. Yeah. And I I was just I was horrified and fascinated by what I was seeing. I tell you what. The uh the war start-. Let's see was it a Wednesday or Thursday? Must have been Thursday uh. And Friday night I was I stayed up until two o'clock in the morning sitting right dead center in front of my television just watching practically with my mouth hanging open. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because I was watching C N N. And they would they would switch back to one of their Israel bureaus. And the people would be standing there in gas masks. And you'd be hearing the sirens. And it was just. I was amazed. Uh-huh. I I didn't have that experience. I I don't have cable. Oh. <SEP> So I I'm pretty much limited to P B S which I thought I thought they did a very good job. Uh-huh. Um I've got one question for you. I you say you take the newspaper. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um I I found the newspaper situation in Dallas very interesting. We've got the one fairly well relatively weaker paper the TIMES HERALD and then the MORNING NEWS which has a very strong subscription. Uh-huh. Does San Antonio ha-. You said San Antonio right? Uh-huh. <SEP> Do you have just one paper. Or do you have several? No. There are two. And they're pretty close. Uh the one that I picked is more similar in format to the newspaper. I grew up near Houston. Uh-huh. And there are two major newspapers there that run pretty much neck and neck. And the one I picked here had the same format as the one that my parents took as I was growing up. I mean the same type of typeface on the headline and that kind of stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's piddly stuff to pick a newspaper over. And I enjoy. The comics are better in this newspaper. <SEP> This newspaper has the far side and the comics that I enjoy. And the other one has some weird ones that I've never heard of. So. I I actually take both newspapers on the weekends. Do you? <SEP> I figure I'm only taking on the weekend. And I can afford that. Yeah. I I find the news reporting in the MORNING NEWS to be better. But I sort of have a liberal political slant. And the MORNING NEWS just has an incredibly conservative editorial um outlook. And my My fiancee takes probably six Sunday papers. <SEP> I get the TIMES HERALD just to balance that out a little bit. He takes both San Antonio papers an Austin paper both Houston papers. I guess he takes seven the San Marcos paper and the New Braunsfel paper. But he's a football coach at Southwest Texas State University. So he's getting all the sports sections. Uh-huh. And so you know he has these stacks of Sunday newspapers that go unread.
sw2559.txt:Well on this subject of invasion of privacy yes it's very easy for anybody to find out about you. Your. Well I don't really like that very much. Yeah uh. The special on channel thirteen that was broadcast I think last week or so ago it detailed how this one person went about finding out this particular pers- from this particular person his home mortgage how much he pays for it what his payments are uh his uh Social Security number driver's license any kind of records he may have. Uh their credit card and the status of their credit. <SEP> What was the reason why somebody was trying to find out all that stuff? It was just as a demonstration to show those who were watching it how easily obtainable information is on any single person. Oh. And it was. Mostly it dealt with uh marketing companies these uh direct marketing associations. <SEP> Oh yeah. Uh-huh. That was the primary subject. That's how they obtain information about segments of society and group them into age brackets uh their habits their hobbies their income. <SEP> Um. And they're able to do that through all the manipulations of the computer. Well that that's not really good. I don't know. I guess that's an invasion of privacy. I'm not sure that that's an everyday thing though at least not for you know an individual. Uh-huh. <SEP> Something that I feel is a is a pretty much an invasion of privacy is something that's really so common that it's accepted as the norm now is the op- the open office concept. The open office? Uh-huh. Where they have the you know the little partition dividers throughout a a large room. Yeah. <SEP> And and people have little cubicles. Well that's all fine and good. But you don't really have any privacy at all. Not insofar as maybe making conversation with somebody I suppose because it you can easily be overhear- overheard. Right. And they get. I suppose any items that you have laying out can be easily seen. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. There's there is. And and it's not it's not just that. It's uh the whole thing about you know if if you're trying to concentrate well it's rather hard. Sometimes it's almost impossible to do because um you know your uh your time your space is is not your own space. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I work in a situation like that. And I I really kind of have a problem with that. Do you work with uh mixed company male and female. Or. <SEP> Oh yeah. Is there anybody who doesn't? Well there are a few out there. Um. It's I suppose it depends on who you're working for and where at. <SEP> Yeah. But um my own environment is open totally. There are no cubicles. There's nothing to block anything. Um. So yeah. But um I guess we're changing ever so rapidly in the devices of communications that anything can be obtained from anybody's record. <SEP> Yeah. Or the computers the the big advent of that I believe because it they can all hold such large data bases on anybody that all you have to do is touch a button. And it appears in front of them. Uh-huh. And you don't have to. I I know the government sells information to private companies about individuals or families. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's no secret. And it shouldn't be that way I don't think. Yeah. I don't I don't think that's that's quite right either. I mean it's not really government for the people and by the people. I'll tell you that. <SEP> Yeah. So. Hum what do you think could be done about it? Uh the only way it can change is um if if everybody bands together. It's just like we need to get rid of these clowns that's serving in the office. <SEP> The only thing really that can be changed is for us to everybody to say we've had enough of you out you go. But uh I don't see anything like that to occur unless everybody bands together to do that. Uh-huh. It has to be one common ideal goal for that to be done. Um I don't know. It's it's still a a free I suppose country insofar as we're we're able to obtain information. And I wouldn't be for total banning of uh all information. Or it's mostly the private information that we're all concerned about. But it's it's hard to define uh a lot of those boundaries. <SEP> Yeah. It really is. It's. Something that something that I've just had a a dealing with is like a credit bureau. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well they take they take my name which is a very common name. And my last name is even more common. Uh-huh. And they they check that name against uh their list. And they find several. And without even bothering to try to match up any other information at all they just report everything under that name. So you've received a lot of uh flack? <SEP> They don't they don't even check my Social Security number. Um. And companies are paying them good money to report accurately. And they're not. They're so lazy. They're just not doing it. I mean they just find your name. And they match it up. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know and that just drives me crazy because they're. And then they want. Then you know to get it removed they say well you know you have to write this write this long detailed letter and everything like that to them you know. And then it takes three weeks and all. And I'm like baloney. Uh-huh. You messed it up. You fix it. Is that usually what you tell them in the letter? <SEP> No. What I've taken to doing lately is calling the company that they report. Uh-huh. Like uh uh recently I was reported as having J C Penney accounts. And I don't. So I called J C Penney. And I said uh I just wanted to let you know that the credit agency you're using is incorrectly reporting the information that you're providing to them. And they say uh-huh because they really don't want to pay for a service that's not being done properly either. Uh-huh. <SEP> So then they can call the credit bureau and say hey you know we're paying you good money to report this properly. And you're not doing your job. Good idea. So that's what I've taken to doing lately. And it seems to work pretty well so far. Uh-huh. Well that's good. Uh any other problems? <SEP> Not that I can think of. Yeah. I I guess I've just about run out of. Yeah. I I can probably go on. But it's it's uh. I'm clouding up right now. <SEP> Oh yeah. I probably better let you get back to work. Well it's nice talking to you. Okay. Maybe again. <SEP> All rightie. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3206.txt:Yeah. Are you there? Yes. Okay. Do you know the question for today? <SEP> Uh yes. It's about why there aren't more people that are voting and participating in. And what is your feeling? Do you think this is vital important? Oh absolutely. Okay. Do you. <SEP> Um I think that uh it's kind of discouraging to uh. I have been involved in some political campaigns and that kind of thing. And it's really discouraging to be in a phone bank and call people and not. A lot of them are so ill informed they have no idea you know even that there's an election. Or and these are people that are registered. I It I have worked in some campaigns. And it's the most discouraging thing in the world. I'm originally from Oklahoma. And up there if they miss three elections then they have to reregister. And I have often wondered if if maybe that would help the situation. I don't know. <SEP> Well that's a thought. Well can you come up with anything else that maybe we could do to these people? Huh. I don't know. I I like that idea. Um oh I had a thought just a second ago. But it slipped my mind. Oh that's all right. <SEP> Um one thing that I- that I think probably one of the reasons that people don't vote more is because they don't know the candidates. And I think sometimes you know. That's one thing that I have learned in w- working in elections and things is you know sometimes even when you work for someone you don't really know what they're like. I know there's been a couple of people that we voted for and worked for. And when they got in office it was just a disaster. Well. Uh and and I'm not sure how you go about really finding out what people are really like before you vote for them. I'm I'm not sur-. The only thing is if they don't vote they have no right to complain. <SEP> Absolutely. It is um. I don't know why we are so complacent. But I'm going to vote each time. Right or wrong I'm going to cast a ballot. And then if I'm unhappy with it I have the right to express my opinion. That's right. So uh there was something else I was going to. And I'm like you. I've just lost a train of thought that I had. But they have been more little more s- effective in Oklahoma with having this program that you vote or you lose it. <SEP> Now if you just lose if you just skip one election? No. Three. Three. You have to lo- you have to skip three. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh of course those can be they can be oh a long time apart. But um. I think that's an excellent idea because then people really have to think about it. Of course. What do you think and this is not one of our questions but what do you think of this no excuse absentee balloting? <SEP> No excuse. Uh I'm not sure if I'm familiar with that or not. Okay. I'm sure all over the State of Texas now you have three weeks to go for absentee balloting. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you don't have to h- be sick out of town or anything. They there is no excuse. Anyone can go and vote. Oh I think that's great. Um. Do you? <SEP> Actually you know my husband has run for office before. And sometimes it's nice to be able to go ahead of time and vote because you know if you're going to be tied up that day uh campaigning or whatever it might be. Um that kind of just kind of takes that load off you know. You can just go ahead and get that taken care of. And. But that is an excuse and that would I could live with. Uh-huh. But this idea of anyone wel-. I ju- I am so bitterly opposed to this. If you're busy that has always been a legitimate excuse. If you are incapacitated ill health. <SEP> Uh-huh. But to have the expense of. Let's see. They have five six people at my polling place. They can come from all over the city. And I don't know why we couldn't have duplicate voting on some of this. Well hopefully once they have uh you know once they've checked them off the list. They they do have to check them off a list when they vote. Yes. I know. <SEP> So hopefully they couldn't. But is there is every list checked as thoroughly as a. You know. We. Back in. When I lived.
sw3343.txt:Okay. When they first said the subject my mind went kind of blank. I thought Gee I haven't taken anything back for a long time. Well I haven't either uh. I I hate returning things. Yeah. <SEP> I mean I I have a friend who if she likes something isn't sure what size somebody might need will buy it in every color and size and you know take everything back again. Yeah. It's you know it's a game to her. But I I do not like to do that. I consider it kind of a a waste of my time. And so I'm usually uh pretty careful when I shop. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I also you know usually have have checked over things you know if it's like an appliance or something to make sure uh it has the features in it that I want. Right. Now we've had one lately um oh a uh a Dustbuster Plus that we bought. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we've had it for a while. But all of a sudden it just wasn't working. And it looks like there's a part missing from it. My husband opened it up and whatever. And of course we don't have the receipt any more. So we can't take it back. Of course. Uh-huh. Uh but I think a lot of goods are made not to last real long. Right. <SEP> Uh. Right. Just to get you by five years. And then you'll throw it away rather than have it fixed. Yeah. We're we're a wasteful society for sure. <SEP> Well that's true. And lot of times though it is it costs so much to get something fixed that you almost are just as well off buying another one you know if it's. Right. Right. <SEP> And you usually get what you pay for. We bought some walkie-talkies a couple of years ago for Christmas. And they were like ten dollars. And we expected them to work nice for the little kids. And they didn't work worth anything. Uh-huh. So we took those back. And that's about that. All that were taken back in ages. <SEP> Well yeah. I think a lot of times if you get a brand name uh you know if it's a a good brand. Yeah. I you I think there's there can be a lemon in anything but uh I think more often than not. Right. <SEP> You you pretty well know what you're getting ahead of time. And uh you know if you buy a good one you shouldn't have any you know too much of a problem with it. Right. I mean we we had a car once that we tried to have declared a lemon under the lemon law which is extremely difficult to do. Oh really. <SEP> It's hard. We never could get it declared a lemon. And the car would go. And without any warning whatsoever you could be going down the freeway at sixty. And it would stop. Oh wow. <SEP> And I. There was just. You know and oh we went round and round with the manufacturer and and everything. And they got it finally semifixed. But it was such a hassle. Uh-huh. And it just pertained to that. Yeah. Yeah. It it really is uh. But gee this is of all the topics I have had I'm doing this thing this is kind of the strangest one. I at first I thought of food you know because that's what mainly what I buy. It seems like. And uh you know I still don't have any anything to do there. But But I I think too a lot of people don't buy their warranties either because they know that when it's that old they're going to buy a new one. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. Well I think that's true. And I uh now we generally don't buy a warranty because you think you know at least for the first couple of years nothing should go wrong with it. Yeah. My husband is really good at fixing things too. So he usually be able to fix anything that's minor. And and that has saved us thousands of dollars you know from to mechanic to anything like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But but it was interesting to. I don't know if they're making them better or not. I it's hard to say. Some I think they more of their parts plastic which you know makes things break easier. But I think the technology is better. Ye- I think technology is better. I'm I'm not sure. I think you've got a good point with the plastic and that. About quality. <SEP> I don't think necessarily that things are being made better uh you know. Right. I I. Everything is so automated uh. And things can be made without I think a human hand ever touching it you know an awful lot of things. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And I think that certainly makes a difference from back from the time when somebody handcrafted something and you know had some pride in it. Right. Well people aren't willing to pay those prices very often so you know for a handcrafted something. So. <SEP> Well yeah. That's that's true. So. So if we get what we what we deserve. <SEP> Yeah. Well I I do uh you know craft work and sell stuff at shows. And that and uh uh you know it's it's it's a real eye-opener as far as you know why people charge what they do to you know.
sw3389.txt:So who's your favorite team? My favorite team is the Pittsburgh Steelers. Pittsburgh? <SEP> You bet. I used to be a big Pittsburgh fan when I was little. Well I uh. When John Stallworth played he was from my hometown in Alabama. Oh really? <SEP> So I kind of grabbed on to that team way back when. Huh. That's pretty nice. Yeah. That's good. I I used to watch them a lot when they were playing the big iron curtain or steel curtain. <SEP> That's right. How about your favorite team? Huh. Well last year it was Buffalo. And I I still try to keep up with Buffalo because they just they just impressed me as being so efficient. And they never score. They never blow out their opponents. They just score just enough points. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that really impressed me. But then down here I li-. Is pretty close to New Orleans. And I've been keeping up with the Saints a lot. Well they are exciting aren't they? Yeah. The Saints are starting to impress me this year you know a lot. <SEP> Boy. They are they are just a fun team to watch. This it they are really. Did you see the game Sunday night or Sunday afternoon? Uh no. <SEP> I didn't. It was funny. There were they ha- uh a fireworks display at halftime. Oh yeah? Yeah. And some paper or something in the Super Dome up in the roof caught on fire. <SEP> Oh you're kidding. So they had to stop the game in lieu of the third quarter and put out this fire. Oh my gos-. Those big piece of something came flaming falling out of the roof and landed on the field. So there's this big fire on the field. And they were dumping the Gatorade bucket and everything. <SEP> Oh I can't believe that. It was funn-. I mean you just really can't tell what's going to happen. That's hilarious. I know. It's like about two weeks ago I was watching the Saints. <SEP> Uh-huh. And Morton Anderson kicked a sixty yard field goal. Oh. And it it was beautiful right down the middle. <SEP> Oh boy. He is tough. He has an incredible leg. He is. Yes. <SEP> Well do you think they're they're going to be able to make it this year past the first playoff game? Uh I s- I sure hope so. I'm not sure I'm not sure who they play. Right now I've got it narrowed down to the top four teams. <SEP> Who's that? It's pretty much going between Washington. They are undefeated. And uh Buffalo New Orleans and Chicago because Chicago has only lost twice. Right. And one of those was to Buffalo. And they beat the Saints. Their only time they lost. <SEP> What do you think about uh Houston? Houston. I saw Houston play this summer in Memphis. Oh yeah? Yeah. Uh from what I saw they were playing. When I was at the game we sat right on the front row right behind the Houston Oilers. <SEP> Huh. And from what I saw the game Houston Houston impressed me a lot. Huh. But my brother watched it on T V and said that Warren Moon was just having an off night. And if that was an off night I'd hate to see when he's on a good night. <SEP> Oh yeah. He's he definitely uh is one of the best I think. He's. Yeah. The their their backfield is really impressive. Haywood Jeffreys and Drew Hill and Allen. <SEP> Right. They really impress me. Well they squeaked out a game on Sunday. That's right. Who who did they play? <SEP> They played Dallas. Dallas. That's right. They won in overtime. All because. <SEP> That's right. I remember that now. So that was. I I watched that game. And uh that was uh. Do you have a favorite between those two? <SEP> Well because I'm right here in Dallas I I kind of pull for Dallas. Really? Yeah. Well also Houston is uh in Pittsburgh's division. So I'll almost always root against them. Well that's true. <SEP> I hate to say it. But I hate Dallas. <SEP> That's okay. Well I you know I I was never really a big Dallas fan until we moved here. Yeah. And they just kind of grew on me. Yeah. I imagine. That's the way. I've never been a big Saints fan until the last year or two. And they they've actually started doing something. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. So I've actually pl- paid attention to them. Well. Well do you know anything about the expansion teams they're thinking about bringing in? <SEP> To tell you the truth I haven't paid too much attention to that. Really? Um what cities are they looking at? Uh right now I think this Memphis they're they're trying to get the teams. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that's that's where I was when I saw uh Houston play. Uh-huh. Saint Louis is trying to get a team. Uh Baltimore is trying to get a team. And there's some other city. I'm wanting to say Raleigh Durham. But I'm not sure. <SEP> You know I think you are right. I think it is Raleigh. Think so? I think I remember hearing that. Uh-huh. Because I know they've got a football team. But I think it might be them. <SEP> That would be fun. I'd like to see some more teams get in. I would definitely. I think they are supposed to put two in by either next year or the year after. And right now I think Memphis and it's Memphis and I think Baltimore have a really good shot at it. Uh-huh. Because I know Saint Louis is much bigger than Memphis. And when I went up there they were saying that Memphis sold more tickets than Saint Louis did. <SEP> Oh really? Yeah. It's like the Liberty Bowl or Liberty Stadium in Memphis holds about sixty-two.
sw2703.txt:Okay. Okay. Um well I'm not. I mean I read a lot. But I don't I don't read a whole. I mean uh eh eh eh I I I I tend to read like only out of a couple you know groups. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh and I'm a uh I'm a big baseball fan. So I tend to read a lot of the baseball books. And. I'm a big baseball fan too. Oh okay. <SEP> And uh I read a lot of science fiction. E-. Well I like. I teach school. And so during the school year I just don't have time to read. And I you know I would love to to be able to read more because I I enjoy it so much. But with correcting papers and and I two o- kids of my own I just don't have time. But in the summer I try to read a lot. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and of course being a woman I like romance novels and stuff like that a whole lot. I just. I really enjoy that because it's kind of a a getaway type thing. Uh-huh. So I I read a lot of that. But I also love sports. And uh uh I I don't have time to read in. But I do read SPORTS ILLUSTRATED i- during the the year because my son gets that. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh but uh I don't read a lot of nonfiction. And I really should because there's so many self-improvement books out right now that would would be benefit me greatly. But I just don't. Uh-huh. Yeah. I um I don't really I pro- probably should. I don't really read the self-improvement books or things like that. I uh um I'll get like uh books on history and stuff like that that look interesting. And I uh of course I don't ever get around to reading them. Yeah. Yeah. You know I got uh um. I b- I belong to Quality Paperback Book Club. <SEP> Oh do you? And I'll get get stuff out of that. Like I got BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM you know like a couple of years ago. Uh-huh. And I started reading and got about sixty pages into it. And it's like eight hundred pages. <SEP> Oh my word. And it was like uh I want to read something else for a while. Yeah. It's i-. Some of those books are real tough to get into. But after you get into them they're really good. Yeah. <SEP> But it's just tough to get through that first two hundred pages or so. Yeah. Well especially you know well. BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM starts off you know in the eighteen forties you know. And it's like. Yeah. Wait the war wasn't until the eightee- you know. It's like okay. And I realize these things you know. These things take awhile like to move up. But it's you know it's hard sometimes. <SEP> It's right. That's right. I find though that if when I find an author. Uh and you don't read a lot of fiction you said. But when I find. I read a lot of science fiction. Do you? Yeah. <SEP> When I find an author I really like I try to read everything they write. Because you you get used to their style and you really enjoy it. Yeah. That and. I I do the same thing. I. Yeah. Uh there's one science fiction writer named uh Allen Dean Foster. <SEP> Uh-huh. I've heard of him. Oh okay. Yeah. He um. I must have like fifty or sixty books by him. Is that right? I mean I have you know I have everything he's ever well almost everything he's ever done. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um you know I I know that when I you know when I get his book I'm I'm usually going to enjoy it. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Um so it's really you know. It's it's fun to to do that. Uh. <SEP> Isn't it amazing that somebody can write that many books about science fiction? I think that's unbelievable. Yeah. Well he does a lot of like um uh movie adaptations and things like that. Oh does he really? Yeah. And uh his adaptations are usually really good. <SEP> Oh. Um it's it's funny he um. The the novelization of STAR WARS was list-. You know it it was out in the uh in the stores as being by George Lucas. But it turns out that uh Foster actually uh ghost wrote it for him. Is that right? Wh- which you know. When I read it I should have realized that because I mean it had Foster's style written all over it. <SEP> Is that right? Yeah. Uh-huh. Well I I've never read anything of his. But I've heard about him. But wouldn't you think he would. Does he get some royalties from that hopefully? Oh I'm sure he does. <SEP> Well I would think he would. I'd hope so. Well I mean he's doing all right probably. Oh I'm sure he is. I'm sure he is. But sometimes the more you get the more you want too. So. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> Yeah. Well yeah. You you're a baseball fan. You're you're aware of that kind of thing. Oh yeah. Oh right. Right. Right. I in fact I'm a sports fan period. Uh-huh. <SEP> We. I mean th- that's why I like to read SPORTS ILLUSTRATED so much. Because there's everything in it. Yeah. I had a uh had a subscription to that last year. But I'm uh I'm mostly a baseball fan. So I'm I'm not as inter- you know. Oh. The other stuff is interesting. But um I was mostly interested in the baseball stuff. <SEP> So you're probably uh a Baltimore fan right an Oriole fan? Uh actually I'm a Red Sox fan more than anything. Is that right? Yeah. <SEP> Boston? Oh well that's good too. Um but uh I I I do like the Orioles also. I'm I'm sure you do. Well I'm a Ranger fan simply because I live here. Yeah. <SEP> But I I was uh. I'm not from here. I'm originally from Ohio. So I've always followed the Tigers. Because you know I was I was born and raised in Toledo. Toledo. Yeah. I was in Toledo last summer. Went to a uh to a Mud Hens double header. <SEP> Oh I love the Mud Hens. They're great. I love the name. And there was a b- really big article on the Mud Hens in SPORTS ILLUSTRATED last year. Yeah. Y-. I saved that issue actually. <SEP> Did you? Um that's when I had the subscription. Yeah. It was a lot of fun. <SEP> Yeah. I li-. I really enjoy that team. I we used to go there all the time. I used to live in Iowa too. And they have the Iowa Oaks. And we used to go go to their games all the time. And. They don't exist anymore. I don't think. I know I know they don't. <SEP> At least not by that name. There's the Iowa Cubs. But I don't know if they play in the same location. Oh they must they must have changed then. Because it used well. <SEP> I haven't lived there for l-. I've been here for like twelve years now. So. And I haven't been back to Des Moines in a long time. But we used to always go to their games. Um. And it was kind of fun. It's almost uh more fun than going to a major league game. I don't know. I just really enjoy the farm teams. I. Minor league baseball I think is a lot more fun than major league baseball. <SEP> Yes. <SEP> It is. It's not quite so serious you know. And it's a lot cheaper. That's for sure. That's for sure. Yeah. There's um there's a city just west of Freder- of uh Baltimore called Frederick. <SEP> It's about forty miles west. Is that right? And they have a minor league team. And I go out there almost as much as the Orioles. And um. <SEP> Is that right? I. It's just a lot of fun. I mean it's free parking. And three bu- bu- you know four bucks now to get in. And you know the hot dogs are a dollar. And and it's just great. Well how like how much is an Oriole game? Oriole game? If you park in the lot across the street from the stadium it's four bucks. The ticket the ch- the cheapest ticket you can normally get is like six fifty to seven fifty. <SEP> Oh gosh. See it's higher than the Rangers. Yeah. And um hot dogs like start at a dollar fifty. Oh yeah. A-. The food here is outrageous. But uh you can get a good seat for uh well. It used to be three dollars. But I think it's gone up to fo- four dollars this year. Oh that's nice. <SEP> But you know it's in the bleachers way out in the you know in center field. But it's still nice. Yeah. You still can see well. And uh we usually sit there unless somebody gives us tickets you know box seats or something then we usually sit out there. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well how much are the box seats there? Do you know offhand? Box seats run from oh like eight dollars to twelve dollars. Yeah. That's um that's a little steeper. I think the uh most expensive seats in Memorial are eleven bucks. But we're getting a new stadium next year. So. <SEP> Oh so it'll go up. Yeah. It'll go up. And if it opens. It's uh something we're really irritated about around here. Or some people are really irritated about. They're they're building this new sta- they built the new stadium downtown. And they're saying how there's going to be a lot more parking for the stadium. Uh-huh. But I park for free up at at Memorial Stadium because I know where I can do it for free. <SEP> Oh oh. And um I'm not going to be able to do that downtown. Uh that's yeah that's a bummer. Yeah. We. <SEP> Well see baseball here though is the cheapest game in town. Because the Cowboys. It's out- it's outrageous to go to the Cowboy game. Uh-huh. And the Mavericks are t-. It's high too. Uh-huh. <SEP> So baseball's cheap compared to other games. Weren't you guys supposed to get a stadium in downtown Dallas? <SEP> Well that didn't go s- over now. Oh it d- it didn't go through. They they they decided you know George Bush who who's the main owner of the Rangers decided that uh they'd stay in Arlington. <SEP> So Arlington's going to build a stadium a bigger one. Oh okay. So we're going to they're going to stay there. Which is fine because Arlington's got a lot of things to offer. And and that was their main main money making you know deal for the city. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it would have devastated them if they would have taken it away. Yeah. Because everything. There's Six Flags right by the stadium there's a Wet'n Wild. And and it you know that's. Uh-huh. <SEP> All the tourists come there. Uh-huh. And and they. It would have been devastated. They would have collapsed. So I'm kind of glad they're staying there. Because it's right in the middle of Fort Worth-Dallas. And you know. Yeah. That's that's what I'd always heard. I've uh. <SEP> Yeah. We you know we I like it there. And I think Dallas has enough to offer that they don't have to hog everything. So I'm glad that they're staying in Arlington. Uh-huh. And it's takes us maybe uh we- well thirty-five to forty minutes to get there from Plano which is not too bad at all. Yeah. That's about what it takes me to get to Memorial. <SEP> Yeah. Um it's actu- it actually funny that um I live just outside of Baltimore. So. And it takes me almost the same amount of time to go to Frederick but as it does to go to the the ballpark in Me- in uh Baltimore. Because um to go out to Frederick I just jump on the Interstate. <SEP> Is that right? And. Because I live just south of the Interstate. Uh-huh. H- hop on the Interstate. And the stadium's right off the Interstate. <SEP> Oh gosh. So it's like I drive west. And I'm there. And you know and then to go into Baltimore I mean it well it's fewer miles. But I've got to go stop and go traffic and everything. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you read um. I guess you read SPORTS ILLUSTRATED. But you don't read many sports books. Or. <SEP> Well not really. Now my son does. I have I have a son that just turned sixteen. Uh-huh. And he reads everything he gets he gets his get his hands on. He's reading a Dick Vitelle book right now because he's a real big Dick Vitelle fan. Um. Huh. <SEP> He's a basketball fan because he he plays for the high school he goes to. And uh just loves D- Dick Vitelle which not many people do. So but he's reading it. And he's r-. And he says He's so interesting Mom. You just can't believe all the things he's done. <SEP> And he's really enjoying that. And I. And he said Mom you need to read it after I get finished. So maybe I will. There was uh I understand there was a really good basketball b- book called uh A SEASON ON THE BRINK. I never heard that one. Yeah. I'm not sure. I don't know. I'm trying to think of the guy's name. It was like John Feinstein or something like that wrote it. <SEP> Uh-huh. I just heard about it the other night. Huh. Uh I was listening to something on the radio about uh you know a talk show about sports books. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And they and they mentioned that one. <SEP> I'll have to tell my son about that. I'm sure he'd like it. Yeah. And uh I was thinking about. There was a I saw a book kicking around on the history of the A B A which. Oh that would be good. Yeah. I get in to even when I don't like the sport so much I get interested in the history of sports franchises.
sw3435.txt:Push my number. Okay. Okay. So are you a a a golfer. Or are you a spectator? Oh I'm a. I play golf. But I don't actually play golf. <SEP> Well I'm the same way. I I go out there and hit the ball. Yeah. Hack it all over the place? <SEP> Yeah. It's sickening isn't it? Um uh well in the Carolinas it's it's just you know we've got a bunch of golf courses around here. Yeah. We've got tons up here. But I don't know. How do you feel about your game? I guess that's a good question? <SEP> Uh well I mean I'm not a serious golfer at all. Uh uh a friend of mine goes golfing a lot. And he drags me out every now and then. And I uh I don't have a I don't really even have a game. I usually. When I go out and play golf it's usually like at a at one of these par threes that you know you. Yeah. But um I like watching it on T V. Yeah. I like that too. <SEP> Uh Well I I I if I can I can hit a great deal like um they they my friends. I don't know. I try to play. But God I a couple years ago I played two three times a week and got lousy. I guess that's the best I ever got was lousy. And I thought I was really improving and the big break was going to come. And then I got worse again. So. To get me they they say I hit worm burners because I I can't hit it up in the air. Yeah. <SEP> So I'm pretty bad. But I I I get great distance hitting it you know across the ground. And if it's going over water or something one of them have to take the shot for me because I'm. But I'm getting better. I've got where now I can hit it in in the air some of the time. That's pretty good. Yeah. Uh so I'm kind of a novice at it. Um I'm that and worse. I I play. Next year I. Actually I take it kind of seriously. But I've been doing so bad. Next year I always say this every year but next year I'm starting over from scratch. I'm going to go take lessons and everything. I'm going to do it right and see if I can actually play this game or not. <SEP> Well that I I guess that's what I need to do is is get some kind of lessons or something. Because I my my tee off is not bad. I mean I'm I'm good up to everything else putting and stuff like that. It's just that that initial tee. Yeah. What do you do when you're putting? That's a good thing. That's something I could learn actually. That's when I do my worst. I finally get to the green. And I think I'm doing all all fine. And then. Just walking around the hollow and making sure there's not really. You know checking the ground and and so forth you know. Yeah. <SEP> See how it's going to break or whatever. Can you really see it though? Yeah. What about the speed? <SEP> If you get if you get down on the ground you really can. Can you tell ho- no- but can you tell how how fast you're going to hit it? Um well if you know if it's up on a slope that you've got to hit it not kill it. But you've got to hit enough speed and the right angle that it's it's you know. Because when it's going up a hill it's going to break in a direction. Yeah. But you can feel that? <SEP> Yeah. I don't know. I have I can gi- get it within like you know four or five feet or something. But I don't have enough field. Now I'm T V watching. Yeah. They make you die at the hole every time. <SEP> Yeah. Oh it just dies and rolls in. I don't know. But I. It's hard for me. <SEP> The the. It's it's like I said. Once I get up on the green I'm fine. But that that tee shot uh it you know. When teeing off i- I'll go probably a hundred feet across the ground. So it it takes me awhile to get to the hole. But. Once you're there you're all set though. I'm all set. We should play team golf then. <SEP> I'll get us there. And you put it in. That sounds good to me. I s-. Oh the T V golfers they do that. It takes them two to get there and two to get it in. So it's fifty percent. And me it takes me five to get there and five to get it in. <SEP> Well it it it usually takes me about probably two two or three to get it there. And and then that's according to the hole. And it ju-. Uh uh maybe one or two putts. It's according to where I'm at on the green. Yeah. That's good. <SEP> But the friends I play with uh they play all the time. And and they're really good. Joe Pros? Uh they're not Joe Pros. But they they golf in the high sixties low seventies. So I guess they're pretty good. That's pretty good. For eighteen? <SEP> Yeah. For eighteen. Wow. That's pretty good. Yeah. I'm talking to the wrong guy. Your shitty golf is probably the best golf I've ever seen. <SEP> No. No. No. That's not my golf. That's my friends. Mine mine. I'm I'm usually in the eighties or nineties. So I'm I'm not good. If when I'm in the nineties I'm feeling good. I'm usually around a hundred. That's my thing. Around a hundred. You know I can hit a great drives and think I'm going to do all awesome on this hole. But it ain't going to happen. Well I either teeing off I either slice it. Or I hook it ever single time. And and I alternate. Well it's a good thing with me I slice it every single time. That's good. I aim.
sw2187.txt:Ok- okay. What what is. Do you have a favorite recipe? Um yeah. That's what it said to discuss some maybe a recipe. Well it says why would you what you would have for a dinner party. Um this is strange because I pressed one and I thought it said begin. <SEP> Oh. Okay. Maybe maybe we're all set. Okay. We'll talk for five minutes. They interrupt at the end. Um yeah. It says what you would have for a dinner party. I just happen to plan one out for Saturday. I'll tell you what I'm going to have. Um if I can find it. Oh that's wonderful. <SEP> Okay. Well I have this new fondue pot. And I was going to do basic cheese fondue. And I have two different kinds of breads and some ham. And I was going to try something weird which you know. When you have fish au gratin. I was going to make some uh like fish chunks and dip it in the fondue. I don't know if it will come out. That's. What kind of fondue the cheese dip or. Yeah. The cheese fondue I make. Some people like swiss um. I prefer cheddar. And I'll mix. I won't make I won't have a sharp cheddar because it for fondue I think it should be a little calmer than real sharp cheddar. <SEP> Right. Yeah. And then I was going to make other things like potato skins. <SEP> Oh that sounds good. It- see you don't necessarily have to dip this stuff. And um I was going to have broccoli and cauliflower for a a vegetable. That's always a good thing. Vegetable trays always go over so well because I think people get tired of eating junk. I mean I think they like to have healthy stuff too. You know it's. Oh yeah. It's amazing how vegetables trays will go at a party. <SEP> Oh definitely. I think better even than than other kinds of food. Yeah. Instead of something greasy or. Right. Exactly. Yeah. My uh girlfriends do catering. And they always about every party they do is they have a vegetable tray. I think they try and suggest it. <SEP> Uh-huh. What I've been doing when I get invited someplace and bring something I make uh food kabobs. You take little toothpicks and cut up uh pineapple and strawberry and even banana if you can do it just before you leave. Oh. <SEP> Yes. Right. It stays nice and fresh. <SEP> Right. That's true. Or even have you ever seen where they they'll take a watermelon and just cut the top out of it and then hollow that out and then put the fruit in the watermelon that is really neat. Yeah. Yeah. I like those. <SEP> Yep. Um they they made a couple of those uh. They made one for my uh bridal shower. And I was pretty pleased. I never made one for myself though. But they look easy enough to make. It's not. Oh I think it would it would be a lot of work. But um you know because it's you know. Yeah. <SEP> You have to cut each thing or you know use the melon baller and stuff. But but I think they're really neat. And you know I think they're worth the time you know because they. Yeah. You probably get this probably pretty sticky after you get done. Oh yeah. Then you've got to drain the water out of the watermelon because you know when you scrape it it makes the water. <SEP> Right. Yeah. Yeah. Um something I do is a fruit. Is I'll get um make chocolate sauce and dip strawberries and bananas in them. Yeah. I have two nieces. And they they they go melt some chocolate chips. Go buy me some strawberries. Is that is that good? You know I've seen that so many times strawberries dipped in chocolate. But I've never tried it. Are they really good? Yeah. Ther- you know if you get a sweet strawberry they're much better. But if you get a sour strawberry. <SEP> Oh I bet it doesn't mix well does it? Huh. Yeah. No. They um the strawberries are coming in season now from. They're they're coming up from Florida of course. I live in Vermont. So. But they're really reasonably priced. They're coming up from Florida. So. Oh well that's good. Because I know they've been really expensive lately. Because they weren't in season. Yeah. <SEP> Of course they had to be be uh grown in greenhouses and stuff and in. Yeah. I think the uh actually I think they get um some of them from South America. Oh is that right? Yep. They. A lot of um of a um winter produce comes from South America. <SEP> Oh I. Of course their seasons are switched. Uh-huh. Right. So um do you want to discuss the recipe? <SEP> Well. I have a recipe if you want. Okay. Sure su-. Um it filled. A lot of people try to stay away from this. But I make my own homemade pudding just because I don't like box pudding. <SEP> Is that right? I've never heard of that. Yeah. It and it if you um well. First of all I take about a quarter and a half of milk. And I put it in a two quart saucepan. And you put it on a really low heat. Uh-huh. And you want to use one of your good sauce pans that dissipate the heat because it it ends up burning. I mean no matter how careful you are you still might get a film on the bottom of the pot. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't let that worry me. And I get the milk lukewarm. And then I pour about a half a cup of cornstarch in it. And I have this thing. It's called the slender blender. It it makes the uh it makes uh a whip topping out of milk if you get the milk cold enough. It's uh I don't know. They're called moo goo leaves or something. They're sl-. I think I know what you're talk-. Is it like a hand held? Yeah. They're real neat. <SEP> The. Yeah. Okay. I think they're real reasonably priced. Some of them they used to be a hundred dollars. And they used to whip skim milk into a dessert. But I didn't get that one. I got the Black and Decker kind. But uh it's real handy because it doesn't have a cord. And you beat this cornstarch right into the mil- the milk you know. And it does an excellent job. Or just hand beat it. I guess you could use a hand mixer. But I don't think it pur- I don't think it gets it good enough. Uh-huh. And then before the milk gets too hot um I add two beaten eggs and I really mix them in good. And then about a half a cup of sugar. And I let it pretty much. I beat it like every minute for about ten seconds. And it's it starts thickening. When it thickens the cornstarch might get a little I don't know. It gets like little globs of this rubbery cornstarch. <SEP> Oh huh. Huh. And you just keep beating it in. And it's the. The trick is is to have this blender. So if you were. You'd have to probably almost go out. And someone who's just going to make it first time it's. You'll have much better luck if you had one of these little blenders. And then you can add cocoa powder to it to make chocolate. Or after it's thickened I cook it for a good. Once it starts boiling I just I cook it for a good seven minutes seven to ten minutes. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then you can make chocolate. Or you can take it off and let it cool. You put um really good vanilla favoring in it and some butter. And that makes french vanilla um custard. Yeah. Oh wow. That is really interesting. Are you saying to use like um for chocolate like unsweetened. A chocolate powder. <SEP> Unsweetened? Yeah. That cocoa yeah the unsweetened. It comes in like a real dark can. Yeah. Our mothers used to use it. And then. <SEP> Ri- I have some. Yeah. We all used to. I just want to. Yeah. It's the unsweetened kind. It's not like Nestles Quik. <SEP> Right. Okay. I suppose you could use that. I-. Cooking chocolate. Yeah. But um. <SEP> That's really interesting. I've never heard of anybody making their own pudding before that's really neat. Well I used to make the regular pudding the chocolate and put it in the pie shell. And if it would sit in the refrigerator for a day where you cut the pie it would soak into the pie shell. And it was like red. And I'm like oh. This is kind of groedy. Well how did you get a recipe for pudding on your own? Um actually I found it in one of my mother's um homemade cookbooks. I mean something she had collected out of WOMAN'S DAY or something. <SEP> Is that right? Oh neat. So. <SEP> That is just really neat. Because I. I think you couldn't make it with a hand whisk or or a regular beater. But um. It would probably be a lot more work and probably not turn out as good. Yeah. But I still think a beater would do it good enough um. The trick is to get the cornstarch. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um yeah. Right in the in the lukewarm milk. Sometimes I put the cornstarch in a separate bowl. And I would put it in the sink. And I'll take my lukewarm milk and put it in the cornstarch and beat it good. It seems to be better than putting the the cornstarch into the liquid. It once it hits the top of the liquid it seems to make little balls and stuff on the top. So you put the milk in the cornstarch? Yeah. And I'll do this uh. Sometimes I'll put my after I pour that into my back into my saucepan. I'll put the eggs in the same dish and beat them up and then pour the cornstarch and the milk mixture in the egg. So. <SEP> And then put that back in the saucepan? Yep. And then you know if you can put your cocoa in with your cornstarch if you wanted to. The cocoa even seems to thicken it even more. Huh that's. Because by the vanilla doesn't seem to thicken as well as the. Sometimes the cocoa is. Like my husband really likes it thick. He says I can stick the spoon right in this. <SEP> Oh. Because I'm always worrying it won't firm up because it when you take it out of the saucepan it's like boy I hope this thickens a little more because it's not like real package thick you know. When you cook a package it's it's a little less. Uh-huh. But I put it in a nice glass bowl. And um some people don't like that that film on the pudding. So you can put uh Saran Wrap over the top. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then once the pudding starts cooling it makes little balls of water on the Saran Wrap. So when you pull the Saran Wrap back you sort of should be a little careful pull it back and shake the water off the Saran Wrap. And I might put it back on. But um. Do yo- do you put it in the refrigerator then. Or y-. Yeah. After well when it starts steaming a lot uh I definitely yeah put it in the refrigerator. <SEP> Uh-huh. But um I. My father always told me if you put hot food in your refrigerator you're going to make it work too hard. Right. That's true. I knew that. That's. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. So that's why I do that. Yeah. So well I don't know. That's my my great hard recipe.
sw2331.txt:Are you a player? Uh I I think I am. It's it's been a while now. Has it? <SEP> Yeah. I've uh oh. Just recently I got married. And we bought a house. We're about fifty yards from the golf course. Oh. But unfortunately the house is taking up my time. Yeah. <SEP> So it's been uh it's been almost a year I guess since I've actually uh swung a club for a purpose. Yeah. I hav- I haven't played in about two years. And then I went out two weeks ago with the guys here. I work at T I. Yeah. And I played in a tournament out there. And I shot a net fifty-nine. They were kind of little upset. <SEP> I guess I laid off long enough to get rid of all my bad habits. Yeah. Yeah. I have a hard time inventing shots you know. Let's go around this tree and you know try a slice through a hook here. <SEP> Right. And I can't do that. So. Right. I finally got out. And I've been watching quite a few videos. I had not been able to play. So I took out a few videos and watched them for a while. And I I hope I'm on the right track. <SEP> Yeah. Shot a career low eighty-nine so and my handicap is twenty nine. That's that's great. I like that. <SEP> Yeah. Now it's uh like I say it's been a while for me too. I uh I've got my wife motivated about it um. Really. And uh I think that's probably going to be one of the next investments is get her get her a set of clubs. And uh we'll get out of the driving range and and get some interest built up. And hopefully we can uh we can start in. Yeah. I've tried to get my wife. I bought her a set of clubs four years ago. She hasn't even swung them. But she wants to get into it now after I came home and won the tournament the other day. <SEP> Really. She's she's ready to get off into it. Well great great. That's good. But you know I like I just like getting out being in the outdoors. And I'm a hunter and fisher anyway. But you know. <SEP> Yeah. Same thing here. You know at least I can get out and play a few hours of golf. And it's not going to cost me an arm and a leg really. Right. Right. And I you know I walk. I don't ride. So. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. You know I get a little exercise there too. So. That's. I've got the same attitude. I uh I tell you. I started. I guess the first time I played golf has been probably about eight or ten years ago now when I was in college. Yeah. <SEP> And uh I took uh I took it as a P E course and then kind of left it alone for a while. And then finally got got into it when I was while I was still in school. Right. And since then uh we've made it um. As as the friends start getting married and things like that we've made a tradition of uh having a a Thursday um. Well have have probably like like a Thursday night bachelor party and a Friday golf day before the wedding. Yeah. <SEP> And uh so it. That's back in South Dakota where I grew up. Oh. And uh so that that's uh that's been my main my main involvement. Is it seems like I go home and play golf more than I do around here. But uh eventually I get people to come and visit me in Dallas. Yeah. <SEP> And then I'll show them we can play golf in the middle of winter when we can't do it back home. Yeah. It's pretty nice. We played out here a couple of times in the middle of the winter when my parents came down and what not. They were amazed. Yeah. You know here it is sixty-five degrees. We're out playing golf. And they're freezing cold back there. So. But I uh actually I picked it up when I was in high school on the same as a P E course you know. <SEP> Yep. Yep. When I got into the service I got into it. Oh okay. And now when I come out here I just kind of let it go. And then one one of the guys mentioned to me at work one day if I played golf. And I said Well yeah you know. I've got my clubs. But I haven't swung them in quite a few years. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then I got into it and then back out of it. And it just seems like every couple of years I get back in there. Yeah. That's right. You know I really enjoy it. It's really nice. <SEP> Oh it is it's it's a lot of fun especially if you can find somebody that's uh that's got the same level of interest. That seem to be the hardest thing. Yeah. Well about. That's that's true of any sport you know. If you want to play tennis or racquetball. Yeah. <SEP> You don't want to go out and get beat to death. But. Right. And and people don't want to play with somebody that they are going to beat every time you know. No. <SEP> And and uh. And then you know we've got some guys here that they are you know four and five handicappers. Uh-huh. And they don't like to play with me because I'm too slow for them. So. You know but get somebody around your own handicap and you can just mosey on out for three or four hours and have a good time. <SEP> Right. That's right. Yeah. And I've you know I've. Never never yet have I walked up. Now I've walked up a few times on the golf course by myself with nobody else to play with. And never yet have I met anybody on the golf course that wouldn't allow me to join their twosome or threesome. <SEP> That's true. They are always friendly. That's true. Sure come on out you know. And they don't mind if you make a mistake. They don't mind saying Well you know let me tea- tell you how to do that or teach you how to do that or. <SEP> Well. You know it's it's pretty nice and friendly out there. That that's that's so. And you can't find that in all sports. <SEP> Yeah. That's absolutely right. And you can gain a lot of ground doing that too if you if you know. You gets you get in a rut if you do play a lot. But you play with the same people you you aren't going to learn anything. Yeah. After a short period once you learn everything they've got to offer. Then you've basically tapped your resources there. Yeah. You need to. <SEP> Yeah. But uh I'd like to uh eventually I'd like to work up if if my wife does get interested and maybe get involved in a league in a in a mixed mixed doubles league or something like that. Oh yeah. We we have one down here in the summertime. Uh it runs from like five o'clock to seven thirty or eight o'clock you know because it doesn't get dark until nine thirty or ten. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. And we play in the summertime out here. We get a mixed league in. And that's what I'm trying to get her ready for. It's going to start well when we change time back whenever that is next month I guess. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it will start then. And you know we had a lot of girls out there a couple of years ago. And they were just starting to learn. And you know they were shooting a hundred hundred and twenty. Sure. But they were you know. Now they're down into the hundreds nineties. <SEP> Right. So it won't take her long. You know. Well that's good that's good that's sounds like a lot of fun. <SEP> And it's something we can do together. So. Well she doesn't do much hunting. She could care less about that. Yeah. She's does a little fishing. But you know golf would give her the exercise. She'd be outside. Give her something to do that we both enjoy. So. <SEP> Yeah. It it sounds like we've got real similar situations. Yeah. I I I go home uh I've gone home every year now since I've moved to Dallas to to go pheasant hunting. And uh um the the last time I I took my wife along. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh k- kind of the same situation. She's she's up in the house and talked to my mother the whole time we were out hunting and stuff. But She'll definitely uh she'll make the trip for fishing if that comes along. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But uh it's it's interesting. All right. Yeah. And it's you know it's a game that you don't. Like bowling you know you feel bad if you bowl a hundred. But if you shoot a hundred in golf you know. You don't have to be an expert to play. <SEP> That's right. Any novice can pick up a club and learn how to hold one and learn how to do it and do it right. Uh-huh. So you know you don't have to be an expert in any aspect of it at all. <SEP> That's right. Well yeah. I've I've kind of formed the attitude that you know if I could just if I could pick two or three shots out uh out of my game every time and put them together on one hole then I do pretty good. Yeah. And then and I keep I keep rationalizing that well you know I can do it. I just got to do it all at th- on the same hole. And and then it will get better. And you just keep going. And in the meantime just enjoy what you're doing. Yeah. <SEP> It it it really works that way. And when you know when I first got back into it I used to get mad because I knew I could do something. And I didn't get it done. Uh-huh. You know. And I just well I need to slice this ball around here. I naturally slice anyway. Now you know the ball will go straight. And I go. <SEP> Yeah. I never broke a club or anything. But you know I'd get upset about it sometimes. Yeah. And now I guess you know being in my forties I just kind of mellowed out a little bit. <SEP> Sure. I don't get upset any more. So and. Sure. And well that's great. Well I've enjoyed talking to you. <SEP> Well you bet. I guess I'll go back to work. Okay. Sounds like it. All right. See you later. <SEP> Okay. Bye-bye. Bye.
sw3324.txt:Okay. Well just to let you know I have uh two uh children of my own. I've got two boys uh one four year old and one two years old. So I'm just starting out. Oh yes. <SEP> I have two boys who are twenty-eight and twenty-four and a daughter who is twelve. Wow. Wow. That's quite a spread. <SEP> Yes. Same husband everything. That's great. Uh but. Well I guess uh in one of the things that that I like to do with my boys when uh when I get home is I like to try and spend a lot of time with them. You know they're not very old. So they couldn't do a whole lot yet. <SEP> Uh-huh. But they like to uh spend time with me. We just oh just do various things nothing really. They like to be outside as much as possible. If it's not raining. Right uh. <SEP> But you know the weather's trying to turn now. So. Are are you down here in Texas? Yes. I I'm I'm in uh Dallas. <SEP> Oh. Okay. Yeah. <SEP> You know what I meant with rain huh. Right. Right. Oh. Right. <SEP> Okay uh. What. Yeah. What w- well. One of the things I've noticed is one of the trends I've I've noticed is that uh it's always too easy to just plop your kids down in front of the T V and let them watch movies or or play video games or something. Yeah. I I have. Can you hold on just a sec-. Sure. <SEP> I have to answer a business phone. Sure. I hate to do it on this call. That's okay. <SEP> Good morning A R E this is Arlene Lister. It was just a recorded message on our business phone anyway. I'm sorry. Keep going. No. It's okay. Uh so that was the thing that I I noticed that I know a lot of people lot of friends that we have they have a tendency to do the same thing. And one of the things we try to do is we try to avoid doing that as much as possible. Although it really is very easy to do that type of thing. Just plop them down in front of the T V and let them be uh entertained that way. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh seeing as you've got some older children I I'm wondering how did you handle that when they were growing up? <SEP> Yeah. <SEP> Well there there was not nearly as much of it. In fact I I think things were were quite a bit different. Uh-huh. Uh when my my big kids were were little uh you know ev- ev- all the mothers were home. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know the the kids got up in the morning and ate breakfast and poked around. And then when they felt like it they went out to play you know when they were were little like that. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> And uh I I think it's gotten uh very different. When my second one was little they were coming out with SESAME STREET which he started watching. Right. And other than that I mean there was basically there was not educational T V. Or uh you know you got some cartoons. Um. <SEP> And that was it. But they they were never that interested in it anyway. They'd rather I mean they'd take their trucks out in the backyard you know go out and play and stuff. Right. But we always did uh oh just you know to the park for walks and to the zoo and museum. Uh-huh. <SEP> We did a lot of stuff like that with uh with our kids. Uh-huh. And course when they got bigger uh they were both quite into sports. And and you know so whatever you know they would do we'd go along with. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And uh uh a girl is very different. <SEP> We have. A girl would like you to spend time with her going shopping. Right. So they're very very different. But uh y-. Kind of the same thing our you know. She now. Lot of time spent with her. She's so busy. Is uh you know going to you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Like last night was a band concert. Uh-huh. And she plays on her school volleyball team and uh stuff like that. But uh we we still uh oh like to pack up you know just go someplace for the day or uh you know just stuff like that. Right. <SEP> One of our older kids now is going to graduate school down at College Station. Oh that's nice. So that's uh. We go down there fairly often you know for a weekend for you know family get-togethers and stuff like that. That's great. <SEP> Uh. That's great. I know we'd I'd like to get into do more camping and outings and things. And I think we probably will soon as the boys get a little bit older. Uh-huh. But uh you know for right now they don't you know. Just getting out in the front and just being outside is good for them. Because they like just being outside. <SEP> Oh yes. Yeah. I I think our kids just always dearly loved that you know play bounce the ball or just uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Course when our big ones were little we lived up north you know. Uh-huh. And this time of the year it it the fun thing was to go out and swoosh around in the leaves you know. Right. <SEP> So You know so it's it's very different. That's true. You don't see many leaves around Dallas. And and uh you know we also come winter time we'd stick them on sleds. And uh we had a pond across the street. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and from little on you know. I'm. It's it's so different down here where y- you go take lessons to learn to ice skate or something. You know when our kids were little you you got them a pair of skates.
sw3595.txt:Arlington Texas. Now since I got somebody from Arlington Virginia one day. Is that right? Yeah. <SEP> Well I never thought about that. But there is an Arlington. Like I had a call the other day from Birmingham Michigan you know. Oh. And I was thinking yeah and I was thinking. Birmingham. <SEP> The only Birmingham I could think of was Alabama. Right. It's funny how many names have been used uh all over the country. Yeah. Well tell me what kind of books have you read? Well to tell you the truth I've been going to college for the last four years. So mainly text books. <SEP> I was going to say not fun kind right? No um. But I I really tend to like biographies a lot not necessarily always heavy ones. <SEP> Uh-huh. But you know sometimes biogr-. I just read one about Grace Kelley. I love to read about real people. To me half the time it's more fascinating than some of these made up stories. Yeah. It is. Because you know that's it's really and truly a true thing. Yeah. It happened. <SEP> You know I read one about Bob Hope that I liked. Really? Yeah. That was real good. I'm like you. If it's not a heavy biography you know I enjoy it. Right. <SEP> I used to like to read about royalty a lot. I when I was younger I read about every king and queen that lived I think in Europe. That was my thing for a while. I was trying to think uh. I read a uh a novel that used the names of like Princess Di and Prince Phillip coming over here to be entertained and all. And there was a murder. Oh really. <SEP> Yeah. It was some time ago. Seems like it was THE SPY WENT DANCING or something like that. Oh it sounds like fun. It was a lot of fun because they used these real names you know. Wonder if it was by one of those famous writers you know. Margaret Truman Daniels writes a lot those. <SEP> Yeah. In fact I believe it was. Because. Really? Uh-huh. I believe. Sounds like something she would write. <SEP> Yeah. I think it was by her now that you mention it because someone had given it to me. And I thought well this will be great. And it was. Yeah. I've heard that she's done real- you know her books are really interesting. And they always sell well. Uh-huh. And uh. <SEP> Well when you use real people like that I think royalty especially you know. Yeah. Brings it to life. I know uh the Bri- some of the British people laugh at us because we're so enthralled with their royalty. <SEP> Yeah. But you know that's like them being enthralled with our football and so forth you know. I know. Our movie stars. Our movie stars. Because it's totally different concept to us. Oh right. <SEP> I haven't I haven't had a chance to read a lot lately either. I have read uh mostly novels. I went to visit my daughter in Florida. Um. And I took a novel with me uh and read it at Thanksgiving time. And uh it was uh one of those generation novels you know. Oh yes. <SEP> Starts out when they're small and continues through generations. Oh I always like those. And I like that. Have you ever read anything by Susan Howatch? <SEP> Yes. I have. Isn't she fabulous? Oh she is wonderful. Oh once you st-. I don't like to get one of her books. Because I I just live to read. <SEP> I'll I'll skip everything just to get back to the book. I stayed up one night I think until two in the morning finishing one of hers because I star- I could not put it down. Oh yeah. <SEP> She's just a. I don't know. Does she how often does she come out with them. I probably have missed the last few since I've been back in school. Well no. It seems like she doesn't write as often as oh well like Danielle Steele and those silly things. She writes the same thing. Well she can she can turn them out overnight I swear. <SEP> Yeah. And and they're the same silly things. I mean if you've read one I mean it's It it's practically the same thing over and over you know. Yeah. I've never read a whole one of hers I don't think. And think how rich she is. <SEP> Yeah. Wouldn't I you know. I'm criticizing her. And wouldn't I like to have her money. Oh yeah. Because they go from hardback to paperback. And she has millions of them. And then make movies out of some of them. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know mini series and so forth. And it seems to me like Susan Howatch does not write as often. I have not seen as many of hers. Well hers are so involved. And they're so such a higher intellectual level because she quotes a lot you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think she does a lot of research too. I do too. So she couldn't possibly turn them out like some of these popular writers. Huh-uh. But oh her books are just incredible. I don't think they've ever made a movie do you? <SEP> No. I don't think so. And I've often wondered why haven't you? Yes. You know I. Well no uh. I really just thought about it now. But there's just. <SEP> Yeah. Maybe it's because they take so much in. I don't know. Uh-huh. Maybe they're just too involved for the average person to go and sit through them you know. They're so big. <SEP> Uh-huh. They're such you know. It would be like another GONE WITH THE WIND I guess another three hour movie. Yeah. <SEP> And maybe that turns people off. But look at GONE WITH THE WIND you know. Oh I know. It's about one of my favorite movies. Uh have you uh gotten into SCARLETT yet? No. It had such a bad press. I wasn't too. <SEP> Yeah. That's exactly what I was going to say. I was amazed. Because I. In the beginning when it was on you know on route coming out I heard mixed publicity kind of good and bad. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> And then when it came out all I heard was just oh how bad it was that I didn't even want to get it. Me either. Do you know anyone that's read it? Huh-uh. No. I haven't heard of anybody that's read it either. <SEP> No. I think it was on the best-seller list though for a while. Well it wouldn't surprise me. <SEP>
sw2611.txt:Okay uh. I was just trying to think about how I how I dress for work you know. T I is a very casual atmosphere. Uh-huh. And uh what I usually do on the weekend is is lay out five outfits. And uh on Monday I I wear the the worst looking one. Because it doesn't seem like people are really ar- you know are that alive on Monday you know. <SEP> So. Yeah. And then progressively through the week I'll I'll wear nicer looking things. And then on Friday most everybody wears jeans jeans and sweatshirts or you know jeans and blouses or something like that. Uh but mostly what I wear are skirts and blouses or you know skirts and uh pullover sweaters or uh you know little two piece dress suit suits like. But. <SEP> Yeah uh. You know that's a good way to approach it. I've never thought about um. I do plan my clothes a week in advance. Actually I plan them a month in advance. I usually do a month at a time. So I don't repeat an outfit. Uh-huh. But um I've never thought about wearing your worst outfit on Monday because really no one's paying attention. But anyway um I really I don't work outside of school. Um I work in the computer lab at school. So I can just wear whatever I have on for school. An and um and really it's. I try to dre- dress presentable but very comfortable. Right. <SEP> Like um in the warm weather it's always shorts and a t-shirt or a button up or something like that. And then in the winter time it's jeans or or pants. I usually uh you know. College is so casual. You really don't want to dress up unless you you uh have a job. And you have to be there right after school or something like that. So. Right. Like where I work it's it's pretty casual uh. It's it's I guess it's more like a a college campus. Also I mean there's hundre- you know hundreds of people work for T I. Yeah. And uh a lot of people just just wear jeans and and uh sweats all the time. And they dress up like when customers are coming in or uh when we have department meetings or something like that. <SEP> And uh you know a lot of people like those that work in the legal department for their the real uh higher ups like the the lawy- the T I lawyers and uh those that work for the the higher executives those secretaries. They uh they really dress up all the time. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh. So there's a good combination in the hallways all the time you know. Well that's good that they're so casual. Yeah. <SEP> I mean uh my brother works for T I. And he's a computer programmer or computer engineer. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And uh you know whenever he was going to school he was expecting to having to wear uh a tie or a dress shirt everyday. But uh he goes to work in his blue jeans t-shirt and tennis shoes. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he just loves it. And that's very acceptable at T I. Yeah. I believe at I B M they they make you wear a blue suit and uh some kind of colored shirt and a tie. <SEP> That's what I've heard. Uh-huh. I wo- I would hate to be in that atmosphere. But uh I mean they they just moved into the new building. He calls it the new building. I don't know. It's where all the executives are. Uh-huh. <SEP> And um and so they were they were going to try to take their blue jean code with them and trying to get all the all the upper level to start wearing blue jeans. But he just left for Italy today at four. Oh. And he'll be over there until July first setting up some kind of computers for them. I see. <SEP> Over in T I mean for T I but over in Italy. Yeah. Oh T I is everywhere. Oh yeah. He was so excited about going. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh he didn't carry any ties or anything because he he just went over there with the that attitude well if I don't take it then they won't make me wear it. That's true. That's a good idea. Because uh he just he didn't you know. He's not really into all that. He would wear it if he had to for his job and all. But you know if he had the preference I mean his his preference is um blue jeans and a t-shirt. So. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I think that's great about T I. And also uh to get off the clothing the smokers you know how they have the the different designated areas for smokers and stuff. The. No. Right. <SEP> I think that's great. Yeah. And if you happen to go into one of areas that is a smoke smoke area and you don't smoke you almost strangle. Oh really. Do you smoke? So much smoke in the air. Yeah. Areas the smoking area you know it's closed in. <SEP> Uh-huh. And if you don- if you don't smoke and you go in there. Tha- everybody that goes in there smokes. So it's full of smoke when when you go in there. I used to smoke a long time ago. I think that's um. I used to burn my clothes talking about getting back to clothes. I used to burn my clothes with cigarettes. That's one of the reason that I stopped. <SEP> Well um y- you mentioned your daughter had graduated from college. Well when she was in high school did she always have to have all the new fashions. And uh? Yeah. She always had uh yeah she always had to have a lot of clothes. See that's how that's how I am. But my mamma was not raised like that. And so. No. I I wasn't either. She my daughter she's real good at finding sales though you know. <SEP> Oh me to. Boy I have to hunt them down. Sh- she'll buy a lot of sh- yeah she'll buy a lot clothes at the end of seasons you know and uh just have them for the next year. <SEP> Uh-huh. And she you know she finds all the outlets and all the discount places and uh buys clothes. Uh whe- you know when they were coming up I I didn't sew. But now I've I've learned how to sew. So I'm well I'm I'm still learning how. But I'm ge- and I'm getting much better at it. And I I'm going to be able to make my own clothes. That's great. <SEP> I wanted to take a sewing class at school. But I just haven't fit it into my schedule yet. But that I mean that can really benefit. Right. Um that's something that I'd be very interested in very interested in learning. Right. Because clothes are s- are really expensive. You know. <SEP> Uh they're outrageous !. Uh uh a little simple shell shell blouse you know that you can make for about say ten dollars at you know at at the most out of a decent fabric boy runs you like twenty something dollars in the store. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah it's it's marked up. Just a little shell to go under a suit you know. It is it is really outrageous. But uh I mean like whenever I I was growing up and all my mom. I never understood this then. But I do now. But she never would buy me like the new designer jeans that had come out that were thirty dollars. Or um or she wouldn't buy me the fifty dollar tennis shoes and stuff like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> And she always told me it was because I was still growing. And she wasn't going to buy me something I was going to grow out of next week. Right. Especially to pay that kind of money for it. Yeah. I have a friend who uh. She had a she had a ba- a little boy. And uh she used to dress him out of Neiman Marcus. I mean she dressed him uh fabulously. <SEP> Oh no. And then seems like every time she turned around he was outgrowing stuff. Uh-huh. And she finally learned that you just can not do this you know. So now she finds the basement sales and just like you know everybody else. <SEP> That's the best way to shop. I mean I always thought my mom was being mean to me. But I look back at it now. And my child is going to. I mean I'm going to raise mine the same way. Right. Um I don't know. I just they're just so outrageously priced. It's just incredible. Yes. And you. <SEP> I try to uh always catch the sales. Right. Always. And yeah. And you just have to keep buying them you know. If you if you if you're not buying the most expensive clothes out there the the quality is really not that great you know for the price that you pay. <SEP> Yeah. It it depends on um. Yeah. There's there's always a reason why they're on sale. Right. So that that has a lot to do with it. Right. <SEP> But um. Well. Like I bought I bought the most beautiful swe- uh sweater from uh I believe it was Ross Dress For Less. Uh. And it wa- it was really pretty. It was just you know it was just plain a plain uh ro- you know round uh necked uh sw- sweater. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it had like it was embellished around the the top you know. It had uh leather leather designs and um some other other little things on it. And I just thought it was so pretty. And I go- I got it at a real good price. I think maybe it was nine ninety-nine or something. Oh that's great. And it was so pretty. And after I wore it a couple of times I realized why why it was it was so cheap. <SEP> Uh oh. There was in the middle of the back of it there was. It's like there. It had been slit. And they had like just sewed it back together right in the middle of the back you know. Oh no. Wasn't a seam or anything you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that's why it was so cheap although it's not it's not really noticeable uh from the outside. But but still it's you know it's really not not not a good quality. And then I was told by somebody that works for J C Penney's that uh Ross Ross is just one of those places that sell sells seconds. <SEP> The defect. Yeah. Yeah. Um they don't really buy the first quality. They buy the second. And uh places like J C Penney's that they'll reject the seconds. They'll send them back every time. Uh-huh. But places like Ross Dress For Less and uh T J Max. <SEP> T J Max does that. Uh-huh. Yeah. We have a T J Max over here. And um.
sw2137.txt:Okay. Uh what do you think about uh the idea of having volunteer service for everyone? Uh I think that uh really it wouldn't hurt most of the young people of the country to have to go and do voluntary service. Uh and you know I mean there have been so many people that have done it. <SEP> And I've talked with several. And I think they've gotten a lot out of it. Well are you doing any kind of volunteer work now? Not right now. But I have done uh Red Clo- Cross work. And uh I've taught C P R training. A-. What about when when would people do it when they finished high school? <SEP> I think probably as soon as they finished high school it would be ideal because a lot of times i- if they go straight into college I think they're going in too quick. But. I think particular boys that the maturity. In fact I wasn't very mature when I left high school. And I think there's a there's a real challenge there. There's also this this issue of of uh you know whether you're really ready. And I think it gives a different perspective. Right. Uh y-. I I think if you've been out of school a year year and a half before you start to college you appreciate college more than someone that just goes right straight into college. <SEP> The only complication is is is how do you fund something like this? Well a lot of parents fund their children. There are uh some groups that have their children you know go away for a year. Even the religious organizations. Yeah. I think the Mormon church has sends out missionaries that. <SEP> Right. And the parents fund them for the whole year year and a half that they're gone. That's uh it's interesting. It gets them away from home and and gets them to do something useful. Although the kids today though it it seems that almost that their concern for money. I we were doing some investigating colleges and said the kids are much more interested today in in trying to find a job study something that will give them a job as opposed to be curious be curious. As to if. If there was if there was mandatory you could choose the option of either a mandatory military service or voluntary. Do you think that would be reasonable? I think it would. In in Israel the even the women are are required to to be in the military for a certain period of time. Uh I was in the military. And I personally feel if if they have draf- the draft that they should draft women as quickly as they do the men. Well but the the issue of of of which. What what would what would you find what would you have them do? You know there are a lot of people around with. There's a lot of unemployment right now. What would you have these people do if they were brought in? <SEP> What into the service? Well yeah. Or. Or say say the volunteer. Say that say that it was mandatory. <SEP> Well I I I think that they ought to have something for the the unemployed in a voluntary field like the uh. I don't know if you know remember about the W P A. Yes. My father was in the C C C. <SEP> He was in that? I mean you know uh it's not the best thing in the world. But uh it gave them something to do. Well it seems that there's some things like the uh the programs at least just go around and and and clean up streets and and and pick up trash and even aluminum cans and some of these kinds of things. R-. Or go into the the more depressed areas and help repair the houses. Yeah. In fact we we helped with uh oh Help To Help Humanities. And that was a that was a good experience. But you take the kids out. And and a lot of the buildings in downtown areas that that either need demolishing or need fixing up. So. <SEP> Uh-huh. It would be a good idea. Uh we've been doing this three or four minutes. I think that uh. Do you have any other further comments? No. Not really. Well it was good talking to you Betty. <SEP> O-. Okay. I'll talk to you later. Have a good night. Bye.
sw3369.txt:Well have you seen a new movie lately? Well uh I am a student. And I have uh been actually watching more movies on video than being able to go out to see uh movies at the store or at the theater. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I st- I want to see the FISHER KING and and uh catch ROBIN HOOD. Okay. I uh I haven't seen either one of those. Uh what what are some of the shows that you have been able to rent though? Uh let's see. Uh I'm trying to just think of the ones that have come on. Uh WHITE PALACE which I thought was over rated over hyped um recently. Well you're catching me at it uh uh at mind's end here. What have you seen recently? Well maybe you uh you have seen DANCES WITH WOLVES. <SEP> Yes. Okay. Yes. What did you think of that one? <SEP> Enjoyed that quite a bit. Um I thought the uh the cima- the cinematography was excellent. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh the story was. Uh though it tended to be a little one sided uh it was good. Yeah. Uh it was it was believable. I uh I just moved down in fact from South Dakota in in June. And that's when the movie was filmed. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh we when when the movie came out we went. Uh my dad lives in the state capital which is Pierre. Uh-huh. And it was filmed right outside of Pierre. In fact the buffalo the scene the big buffalo herd scene that was that was a live scene. <SEP> Wow. Uh there's a guy that has got a a buffalo farm. And he has got over ten thousand head of buffalo and and uh we my dad has got a little plane we flew over it all a- looked at the buffalo. It was really neat. But uh so we are watching the the movie in the movie theater in Pierre. Uh-huh. And uh just every time I would start to get into the movie and it was getting good someone in the crowd would yell hey there's John Red Eagle you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Or you know they'd start recognizing people. <SEP> They knew they knew the extras or the. Yeah. So I kind of I think I enjoyed it more when I when I watched it on video cassette than I did uh in the movie theater because my attention would get diverted every time they'd say that. I'd go now now which one could that be you know. Uh-huh. And I'd I'd start trying to focus in on people instead of of picking up the overall. <SEP> Scope. Right. Exactly. Uh-huh. So but I I thought it was a good film. But you are right. I think I think it was very one sided. <SEP> It it was. But it's a side that hasn't been told. Uh as far as you know telling it from you know the Indians as the good guys and the the white men as the bad guys. I I really thought about uh all the the westerns that we have seen for years and years. Sure. And it's just shoot the Indians. And they are always the savages. Right. <SEP> So. In fact I was watching WILD WILD WEST last night. And it was a similar uh situation with the Iroquois Indians attacking a an army fort. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um but it was an interesting movie. Uh have you seen PRETTY WOMAN? Yes. Now I thought that was a good show. <SEP> Yeah. That was that was a good movie. Um it was just kind of a get away movie. Yeah. Kind of. It didn't uh it didn't have any real social bearing. Or uh and it wasn't really a comedy. <SEP> But it was an enjoyable movie. It was it was kind of like the STAR WARS s- series you know just something a little different yet believable. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Yes. You're bringing it. I don't know. I had a I sure did have a mind lock about the movies I've seen. But yeah. I've seen PRETTY WOMAN and DANCES WITH WOLVES. And uh. Uh now are you are you going to see or do you are you much of a STAR TREK fan. Are you going to see this next one that's coming out? <SEP> Oh definitely. Have you seen the rest? Yes. I think I've missed one. I'm not sure. But I think I've missed one. <SEP> I actually went to the STAR TREK twenty fifth anniversary marathon that happened about a month ago. And they showed all five in a row. Was that here in Dallas? Oh they had it everywhere. Uh every major city had one theater that did it. And. Okay. Because we had one here in Dallas. <SEP> Right. And they did it in Houston. They did it well they did it everywhere. And it was it was really good to see all the movies and how the story developed. And the thing that I didn't realize is that if you watch the movies in a row uh time wise they happen one after another and just no no time between them. Uh-huh. But you can watch the characters develop.
sw3140.txt:Hello. Hello. My name is Nola. I'm in Plano Texas. Hi Nola. I'm Steve. I'm in Dallas Texas. <SEP> Not too far away. No. That's unusual. Seems like usually. <SEP> I've had some from Plano too. Oh yeah. I think all mine have been East Coast people so far. Uh-huh. Okay. So. <SEP> Um let's see. S- social changes. Social changes. What's that mean? <SEP> That sounds like not as recent social changes too like back to the sixties or fifties I guess. Yeah. Think we can handle that? Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I definitely. I mean there's plenty of things to talk about there. That's a. Okay uh. Shall I go ahead and push one? Yeah. Sure. <SEP> Okay. You want to go ahead and start? Uh I was hoping that you would. But oh. Oh. In social changes is that. Uh it seems to me that uh. <SEP> That involves a lot of different areas I think. Does that. Y- Yeah. <SEP> Like a lot. It seems like the rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer is even more true today. You know? <SEP> Yeah. There is a a big difference in the uh economic um status of uh people although I think that has been true uh always. S-. Um perhaps there's less of the middle range then there was. Yeah. It's like people are starting to give up hope. And they start out very poor. Let's see. That's a bad tangent to get on. What else has changed between the sixties and the eighties and the nineties? <SEP> Uh. No. I think uh m- in my situation. I have three children. And we're uh home schooling. So education you know things that relate t- to education um are things that I think about a lot. Um I think that and I think that involves social changes a lot. Uh for instance I think the schools are having more and more problems because of uh things that are happening socially in the world around them and in in t- because of their parents. And things that are being taught in the home are not taught in the home rather. More not than are. And children being put in day-care centers from very early. And and I think that a lot of these things that have been happening such as the day-care centers and things are having a big effect on the social changes. Because of the way children are being raised they're not learning the values they need to learn. Yeah. <SEP> And they're not um th- they don't have the self-esteem that they need to have. And they don't have the um a solid family life that they need to have to confidently and deal with the things in the world. And uh I think we're seeing a lot of rebellion and things because of that and the things like the gang gang things that are happening. And and um. Yeah. It seems so that. Yeah. That is a pretty big change. It seems even not just single parent families but with no guidance. But it seems like some of these even ladies that that'll work and have a baby and then you know after two or three months go back to work. You know. <SEP> Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Oh it's. Well that that I mean that's very young for a baby. That's really sad. I think that a lot of people. And they think they have to. But. Yeah. <SEP> I I think that if they really tried they wouldn't have to. And I I think that if they didn't that and it became more of the standard not to that uh I don't know maybe companies would start paying men more so that their wives could stay home. You know? And have a more solid uh foundation for the kids. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I mean they're going to. Like you said I mean there's they might be saving money. I mean even if they had to pay more now I mean in the long run it's going to cost society more to force two people to work. Even though it's higher productivity is short-term. That's right. <SEP> It's already It already costs society much more because of it. You know it. Trying to do all these programs like Headstart and things like those. You wouldn't have to do that if mothers would stay home with their children and do things with them you know. Yeah. <SEP> Um there's. And I think uh a lot of it is selfishness. People have become very selfish. They don't want to stay home with the kids or something like that. Y- yeah. There are a lot of two parent um situations where the woman goes back to work because that's what she wants to do you know. Oh rather than she needs the money just she wants the stimulating environment. <SEP> Rather than that she has to have the money particularly. <SEP> Or maybe there's a small need for money. So she does it partly because of the money but partly for herself too. You know. Huh. It. Yeah. It's interesting how w- uh. Home study. Is that what you said? <SEP> Home school. Home school. Yeah. Is that uh is is it like uh a preschool level then or through grade school or. <SEP> No. I I have uh one going into fourth grade and one starting kindergarten and then a preschooler. And one on the way. Oh I s-. <SEP> Oh well you sound busy. So you're teaching them completely. Yes. <SEP> Yes. Huh. And I think uh it's becoming uh more popular then it has been for a while I think. Home schooling's always been around. But uh I can see more and more families going to it because of the problems in the schools. Um and a lot of it is discipline problems. Yeah. <SEP> A lot of it is. And you can tell which kids have been in day-care centers. It it's really obvious to look at them and watch the way they act and things. That um they've been raised in a day-care center. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty sad because I mean I don't know something's got to change with the schools. That's what it all boils down to in the end usually anyway. <SEP> Well I think it's going to change in the homes before anything changes anywhere else. When they're young. Yeah. <SEP> The home is the base. It's the basic unit. And that's the where it all starts. And if we don't start making changes in the homes. And maybe part of that is educating parents better. Yeah. And educating uh you know. Changing people's expectations. <SEP> I know they do do some they do have some classes in um high schools and things for kids to uh give them an idea of what family life is like and the uh you know and uh that kind of thing. But uh.
sw2121.txt:Okay uh. Could you tell me what you think contributes most to uh air pollution? Well it's hard to say. I mean while it's certainly the case that things like automobiles and factories uh pollute a lot uh if you look at how much pollution is say kicked up by an active volcano uh it's certainly less than clear that anything man can do in this sort of scale of things has much effect at all. What do you think? Um well you talked about uh volcanos. I'm not sure how many active volcanos there are now and and what the amount of material that they do uh put into the atmosphere. I think probably the greatest cause is uh vehicles especially around cities. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um uh do you live right in the city itself? No. I'm more out in the suburbs. But I certainly work near a city. Okay. So ca- Can you notice. <SEP> How about you? Well it's it's. I live in a rural area. Uh-huh. It's mainly farms and uh no heavy industry. Attleboro itself. I live in Rhode Island. <SEP> Oh I see. And it's in the north. I live up in the uh northeast corner. And Attleboro sits in just over the line where T I's plant is. Uh-huh. But there isn't a lot of heavy industry. There's the freeways. And we get an occasional. It depends which way the wind's blowing from Boston cause we're like forty miles south of Boston. So we'll pick up that. And uh I've noticed over the past say maybe five or six years uh. We live about twenty miles away from the state airport. And I notice that the fly patterns now of the jets are getting bigger. They're swinging wider so that now they are coming over over our homes. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it seems like uh we're catching all that residue. I'm not sure if it's kerosene or what that's dropping. But other than that you know we don't have the unless we're catching it from the midwest the emissions. You know from the power plants. Yeah. Um. <SEP> You mean like from the coal. Yeah. Yeah. We generate. One of our our biggest electrical plants in Rhode Island uses coal to uh generate electricity. Um. Um there doesn't seem to be much emission from them. But I'm not sure about the rest of the country. <SEP> Yeah. I notice locally a major problem is Kodak. Um it's interesting. Because in order to uh keep with the E P A standards which which tend to be visible uh what's coming out of your smokestack they do all their emissions at night. Uh so people get up. Okay. Well is that right? Yeah. People get up in the morning in that neighborhood. And they've got this black ash on their cars which you know seems to be. <SEP> Yeah. Surprise surprise. Yeah. I mean I really think that if the E P A had anything on the ball they'd go in there with a few phosphorous grenades light up the sky photograph the emissions at that point and uh you know. Yeah. There there must be uh uh some of the some of the uh larger plants up uh up around one hundred twenty-eight. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um we've got reports that uh. During the night seems like they'd blow off their their stacks from uh the warehouses for powerhouses. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they do that at night too because employees been complaining that the cars have been pitted and you know spots all over them. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. So you're right. They could do something a-. About about that I guess. Yeah. That seems a little ridiculous. How are your uh your lakes. And uh. <SEP> Oh they've been getting cleaner. They have? Sure. But um yeah. I'm not sure how much the water pollution is is directly related to the air pollution other than acid rain. Yeah. Acid rain. Yeah. That's that's what I was uh. <SEP> I mean the stuff I've read recently in Technology Review basically indicates that acid rain may be a little bit uh overstated. That a lot of the die off they've seen in forests may not really be due to acid rain at all. Um ye-. I'm not an expert. Yeah. No. Didn't they just have an article oh on uh. They were dumping lime. Up here? Up upstate New York somewhere over huge areas. <SEP> I haven't read that. Oh yeah. And they thought that was more beneficial because you know it it some of it does soak in. And some of it runs off right away into the in to the streams and rivers. And some of the fish were supposedly making a comeback. <SEP> Uh-huh. I can't remember where. I I read that recently somewhere. And I can't remember where. Yeah. That's interesti-. But I I thought it was up there. So that's interesting because New Hampshire and parts of Vermont um they showed pictures of of extensive tree damage that they attributed to acid rain. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um. Um you kind of think it's something else then? <SEP> Well that's what the environmentalists were claiming in this article. So that. Oh they didn't say they didn't say what though. They just said they thought it was. They didn't say what. They just said they thought acid rain's contribution may be less than was previously suspected. Um that it may be other natural things at work. Um. Uh natural disease. <SEP> Yeah. So it's it's less than clear. Like I said I don't remember the article that well. Yeah. Yeah. But um I don't know. I mean what do you think we can uh I guess as individuals or as a group do about uh air pollution? Uh we can demand uh more efficient automobiles for one thing. I still think that's that's uh one of our major causes of pollutants. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh how we go about that it's uh uh it's a little bit difficult. I think it's up to individuals too to ask automakers for for less pollutant vehicles. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. You ne- yo- ne- I think you need a a vehicle something like uh Ralph Nader Nader's Raiders or where uh or uh uh A A R P which has a lot of members. Uh if you can get those types of groups. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Do you really think that new vehicles though is a big problem. I mean I remember reading an article that said like it's uh the older polluters. The the twelve and fifteen year old cars you know contribute like ninety percent of the automobile pollution. Yeah. <SEP> And the new cars it's hardly is hardly anything. Yeah. They're better. But how about all the trucks and buses that are out there. Uh when was the last time you saw a truck that didn't belch smoke or uh. Yeah. But doesn't that just mean they're out of tune. Uh I'm not really sure. You think that that that the uh the trucking indus- industry is that uh incompetent that they wouldn't you know. Fuel is is one of their biggest costs. <SEP> Right. So you would. But diesel engines. Yeah. Diesel engines. <SEP> It you know it's it. I mean they do generate a lot of soot. But that at least that kind of particulate comes out of the air pretty quickly. Yeah. Yeah. We could also uh push for legislation for uh rapid transit systems. This country seems to be a little behind on that. Yeah. On the other hand most people don't use rapid transit because it's so inconvenient. Um yeah. But only because we got used to uh single person single car driving. <SEP> Uh-huh. A lot of people don't even like to carpool. Uh-huh. But we could that. That'll help pollution air pollution. <SEP> Uh-huh. The uh United States and Canada are I guess is is going into uh some types of agreements to limit uh what's being given out by power plants. Uh-huh. I guess Canada's quite concerned that we're sending a lot of our stuff up there. <SEP> Yeah. Sure. So that's helping. Well what do you think about like a device a meter right on a tail pipe. And you pay the tax based on how much you polluted? Now that's an idea. Don't say that too loud though because uh every city and town will have a meter on your tail pipe generating generating revenue. <SEP> Well it just means if you don't pollute right or you pollute very little you don't have to pay any tax. Or you just buy one of these things. And it it uh. Maybe you you could probably devise them so it slowly closed off your tail pipe. And uh the less you pollute the longer the devise lasts. And if you pollute a lot then it closed off your tail pipe. And you couldn't start your car anymore. That's a that's an interesting concept. Is that your idea? Yeah. But uh you know it's uh. I guess the difficulty would be to that somebody could obviously just take it right off the tail pipe again. So you probably would have to build it right into the muffler or something. Well I was going to say. Right. You could put it in you could you could it could be installed like a catalytic converter. <SEP> Right. I mean I guess you could take those off too. But. You could take ca-. But mufflers would be a little more obvious if you took that off. Yeah. If you can take a muffler off and only replace. Well not unless it was built into every muffler. <SEP> Right. And that's. But if you was talking about something which was more or less universal that uh busses and any kind of vehicle had to pay a pollution tax uh this would penalize the heavy polluters and not penalize the light polluters. <SEP> That's a that's quite a concept. You should uh pursue that I think or patent it you know. Yeah. Patent it. That's a good idea. If you could come up with a device that's the thing. <SEP> Right. But it shouldn't be too hard to do something like that. But that's a that's a thought. No. Uh-huh. You're right. And that will solve uh a lot of problems. I don't know if you uh if you approached the automobile industry if they would be too keen on installing something like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh but you know a proposal to uh uh I guess the proper authorities. Uh-huh. Well you might uh generate some. Yeah. You might generate some interest in it. <SEP> Yeah. The automobile regulatory agencies or something. But that's that's a good idea. Other than that I'm not sure what what individuals can do other than like I said get involved through a group or an organization. Uh-huh.
sw3628.txt:What vacations have you been on that you like? Um well I really enjoyed um. I went to Mackinaw Island a few years back. Right. <SEP> It's in the middle of Michigan. And so that was nice. Uh-huh. I like um driving to different cities because of the scenery. So that was nice. So you. Most of yours is kind of driving. And. <SEP> Yeah. We've I've been all over the states except for pretty much east. Um it's very pretty driving like um up north in Wisconsin too. Um how how far do you usually end end up driving just. Um the furthest I drove was probably Texas. And then I've taken a train before to California. Now where you're from where? Oh Wisconsin. <SEP> Kenosha Wisconsin. Uh-huh. Okay. Yeah. I have a brother in Minnesota that used to live in Wisconsin. <SEP> Oh. So yeah. That's quite a ways. Yeah. It is. I've uh. We went to California this last year and uh liked it. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it was too crowded. Um. Walt Disney World and other places it's just the wrong time of the year to go. <SEP> Oh yeah. And uh course uh you get in any of those tourist traps and everything's uh outrageously priced. Uh-huh. And uh kind of. You wonder if they're it's really worth it to pay uh thirty-five dollars or forty dollars just to get in. <SEP> Yeah. But There's lots of fun places to see. Um. That's true. I think the scenery kind of. That's something do to you like to get up in mountains. Or. <SEP> Oh yeah. Uh-huh. Do you have any mountains nearby? No. Pretty flat isn't it? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Um I think uh the biggest limitation is a lot just time and money isn't it. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. What vacation have you enjoyed the most? Uh um. Probably uh when we go to Wisconsin. Um it's pretty fun. There's a lot to do up there. It's pretty busy though. You have to like crowds you know. What is it? <SEP> Um oh it's a like a huge amusement park um they have water slides. Okay. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it's just a big big tourist attraction. The downtown is all like little shops and candy shops. And it's it's really neat. I don't think uh hardly anybody lives there. Because it's just kind of like you know tourists. Probably a city in itself kind of like huh? Yeah. It's mostly a a summer summer place. Summer place. How far away is it? <SEP> Um from Kenosha it's about three hours. Huh. It's about a hour away from Madison. Okay. Sure. <SEP> Yeah. So that's nice. Sure. It's it's a pretty ride up there too. I really like the city Wausau in Wisconsin. It's really pretty. It's nice out there. Oh I like all the nature things there are to look at you know. Right. Well and you can probably. You're in a climate that's kind of humid. So you have probably a lot of green and lot of real pretty things. Our our climate's real dry. <SEP> Where is that? And you have to kind of get up into the mountains to get much of the greenery. Most of most most of the land's pretty brown. You don't have as much of the greenery like you have. Oh. Where's that? Uh Idaho is where I live. And uh. <SEP> Yes. Okay. It's by uh. I have a little baby thinks he needs to cry now that I'm on the phone. <SEP> It's by um Boise. You ever heard of Boise? Oh yeah. Yeah. And uh it's fine. It's nice. It's uh lot different kind of. I lived in Indiana for a while. And it's a real different uh land and scenery than there. It's kind of fun to have a little bit diversity and things like that. <SEP> Yeah. I think uh there's a lot of places uh oh down even in southern Utah the canyons canyon lands and Bryce Canyon. And oh boy they're gorgeous. <SEP> Yeah. Those are kind of fun places. We usually go over to Bear Lake in the summer which is kind of on the border of Idaho and Utah. And the lake goes on forever. And that's real pretty over there too. Oh. But I think I'm kind of a summer vacationer. <SEP> Oh yeah. Me too uh. Me too. Unless I'm going somewhere warm for the winter. Right. Right. <SEP> Yeah. That'd be nice. Where'd you.
sw3288.txt:Hi. So uh what was the last car repair you had? Just recently I was kind of laughing when I when I heard the switchboard talking about the question because uh I had to have my uh radiator flushed. Oh. <SEP> And it was getting rusty. And the thing that they forgot to do was to um to also look at the hose. And I had gone about oh two days with my new radiator flushed. And the hose burst. So I was stranded out on the highway. Oh no. Did you crack the block or what? No. I I didn't do that thank goodness. But uh there seemed to be enough antifreeze in there you know left to do that. But it cost me all kind of money you know to have that repaired after they said they were going to they had repaired it. So that was that was a horrible experience just recently. Yeah. I see. <SEP> You got lucky you didn't ruin the whole engine though. Yes. Yes. That can be pretty serious. <SEP> I know. I know. What about you? Oh I guess it's been awhile for me. I'd sa-. It's been about a year. Uh-huh. Yeah. I had the uh the water pump break on my car. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. I was traveling uh. I was going on my way home from Thanksgiving. Uh-huh. And it broke like in the middle of nowhere. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I had to get it towed and then fixed. And. Uh-huh. Big pain. <SEP> Oh oh I know. I know. Especially when you're out on the highway. Yeah. That's where I was. Luckily someone came by and gave me a ride. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I know well you know uh living in Dallas. You know we've got uh bumper to bumper eight lanes of traffic. And uh that was that was horrible. Yeah. <SEP> You know to have the you know. Your car is fuming. And everything. It's already a hundred degrees. You don't need that too. Oh shoot. But my car is getting old. See it's about six years old now. So. Yeah. So is mine. <SEP> Yeah. So I got it right out of college. And so it's uh it's starting to show the wear and tear now. Yeah. I'm hoping mine gets me through. I got until May until I'm out. So when I cross that one I'll be okay. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. That uh that was my graduation present to myself. So. Oh that's nice. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I know. So but gosh it's really starting to to wear. So I've been thinking especially now is a good time to buy a car. Yeah. Go-. Because I can't uh I don't know if I want to you know pay all these repairs now to start getting it fixed when it's starting to breakdown. Yeah. I don't want to do too much on mine because it will be worth more than the car is. And it's not worth it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's true. I agree with you there. Yeah. So I don't know uh. Because I I need to have it tuned you know tuned up and I don't know replace some of the belts. And I was looking at the uh. Tires need to be replaced. And so I was thinking just a lot of money. I'm. Might as well buy me a new car for that. Yeah. I got new tires last winter too. So I'm like well that's the last major purchase for this thing. It's not worth it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well you have to in Pennsylvania boy. You have to really have your car winterized and stuff huh? Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. We get some killer winters up here in the mountains. <SEP> Oh really? Yeah. Oh okay. So. Lot of snow and a lot of cold. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well especially don't you have what a lot of salt on the ground? Yeah. At times there's a lot of it. Uh-huh. You got to like clean out the underneath of your car all the time when you get a chance. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well rust and the and the body too huh? Yeah. I haven't had a big problem with that though. Uh-huh. So I've been pretty lucky there. <SEP> Well I think they get the new Z-bart stuff and everything to where you can um. Yeah. That's usually pretty good. You just rinse it off after the winter is over and done with it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And go like that so. Yeah. I usually like to do most repairs on my own though. Do you? Yeah. Just because that way I know what's wrong with my car and what it needs and what it really doesn't. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Plus if something goes wrong I know who to blame. <SEP> Well I I think I'm getting too old for all that. My uh I had four brothers. And they used to drag me out underneath the car and stuff. So I can I can do all that stuff. But I I think I'd much prefer to pay the twenty-two ninety-five to to go have it done now. So I can get my hands dirty. So yeah. I'm just getting getting to that age I guess. You just don't have. Your time becomes very precious. So working on the car is just not one of those things I want to spend my time on anymore. More fun things to do. <SEP> Absolutely absolutely. So yeah. I'm trying to you know. I just need one. I had two cars there for a while. So I wouldn't have to worry about which car was going to run. Well that's nice. <SEP> And yeah. So but it became a hassle trying to keep up and maintain both of them. Yeah. And yeah. So that. One is bad enough. <SEP> Yes. One was bad enough. But I think I got rid of the wrong one. I soon I need a lot of repairs done on on this one. So yeah. <SEP> That was uh that was something else. Well are our five minutes up? Yeah. I was just wondering that. I I didn't I didn't set the time or anything to uh. Yeah. I didn't either. <SEP> Yeah. Put. Yeah. This must be a a hard category. Well yeah. I guess. Um you know. Unless you're um you know big do-it-yourselfer. Um to you know fix up your own cars and and things like that. So but I guess they were talking about experiences. You know I uh uh I did. My parents live in Ohio. So I I do know something about the you know the really cold weather. And uh I've always lived down here in the south. And oh I took my car up there to their house. And um I guess I had a crack in the block. And when I got up there the car.
sw3925.txt:Okay. I think the first thing they said I have written this down. So it would. Is it p- do you think it's possible to have honesty in government or an honest government? Okay. You're asking what my opinion about whether it's possible to have honesty in government. Yeah. <SEP> Well I suspect that it is possible. Uh I think it probably is more likely if you have a small government unit where everybody knows everybody. Right. That's a good point. But uh other than that I think maybe it just depends on how you define honesty. That's an int- you know that's interesting. I had read something one time. And it was just applying to governments in general. It was written many years ago. It said that it's impossible to have a completely honest system of government because people who choose government for their positions are power seekers. And I thought that was interesting. It wasn't just talking about our government. It was just government in general. From times past you know on. <SEP> Uh-huh. And. So they're saying that government officials would tend to be power seekers. Right. And that would be a next question to ask. How many do you think are in there for pub- for bu-. Because they want to be a service to us. Or are they in there for their own gains. And personally I feel it's probably there's probably some of each. <SEP> Right. Yeah. But I think maybe a lot of them um. Say the more honest ones who are still looking out for themselves it may be more matter of not what can I steal while in an office but how many friends can I make while I'm in office. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> And you know how good a name can I make for myself and so forth. So I guess it would be like anything else. Yeah. The president of General Motors probably has the same. Oh yeah. <SEP> And they talked uh. The other let's see. Third question was how m- serving for their own gains do you think goes on. Then they. That's hard to answ-. I'm sure there's a lot. But I agree with you there's a lot in business. I think that's just I think that's very normal that we should not ex- I think. I think I- I think a little more honesty in the campaigns would be more to the point. I think we put too much on politicians. We expect them to only be there to serve us you know. <SEP> Yeah. If you knew what you were getting when you voted uh. That's a problem isn't it? <SEP> Yeah. It's interesting. Because I'm taking a Texas government class right now. And one of the things. It's so easy to blame them to. A lot of times I think it's our own fault. They lie to us because we don't want to hear the truth. Yeah. They say you get the government you deserve. And it. <SEP> If they tell us the truth we don't elect them and Especially with all this fron- co- stuff coming up here lately about people's past. Uh-huh. And I don't know why anybody would want to get under that scrutiny anymore. <SEP> It's hard to imagine. Because it's I think it's gotten just care- well. We're not talking about issues we're talking about somebody's personal life. And and we're getting away from what we ought to be looking at. <SEP> Yeah. And it almost seems like in order to avoid uh some of the scandal you would have to have the kind of wife that you would only find on say in the Bobsy twins or something like that. Right. You know I also think it would be funny if we could know everything about the people that were in there and throw them out. I don't think there would be too many left. <SEP> So you're taking a government course? Uh-huh. At what? The university? Uh at uh it's T C J C. Tex- Tarrant County Junior College. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. Okay. And it's really it's really enjoyable. I like it. And then they also you know ask can we eliminate do you think we could make laws to eliminate all corruption. And I don't think we can make laws to eliminate anything anyplace totally. <SEP> You can make laws against corruption. Yeah. But that doesn't mean. But that doesn't eliminate it does it? I don't think making laws will stop it. I mean I don't know how many laws you would have to have. I mean. <SEP> Well they've got laws against cannib- cannibalism but that didn't stop that guy in Milwaukee did it? No. Sure didn't did it? <SEP> So no. I think you can legislate. But I think there's no way that you eliminate it all by legislating. And we would end up with so many more laws that you know. I mean I just think that's human nature that you're going to have corruption in government in business personal life I mean you know. Actually I think other countries may have it worse uh. The Japanese government is always having a some kind of a scandal. Right. <SEP> Usually involving the Prime Minister or people very close to him. Yeah. So uh. Yeah. I still believe I get very fed up with government sometimes. But when I think about where I'd want to go you know this is still the best. Or I can. <SEP> Yeah. I've been around to a few other countries. And I uh I I have not found one yet that I would rather live in. I think uh. Yeah. Yeah. At its worst I think we've got the best.
sw3169.txt:Is uh kind of fun. It's best done when you have leisure time. And I had more of that in my childhood days than I have now. And I grew up in an area that uh was just a few feet from a rather large lake and a few more miles from that was a even larger lake. And we had a variety of boats at our disposal. Uh. I worked for a camp for a number of years. My father was on staff there. And we had every kind of things from canoes to paddle boats sailboats speedboats. You name it they had it. And we did a lot of watering water sports. But I think uh the thing I liked the best was uh we spent about a summer. Couple of guys uh restored an old wooden boat that was built back in the mid-thirties and got a new canvas sail for it and had a real h- big old four- foot center board that went down in the middle to keep you upright when the waves. Or the wind came from the side. And we got that thing in the water and had a real good time with it. If you ever got it dumped over though it was a mess to get back up. It wasn't like the newer ones that have nice chambers that keep it afloat or keep it uh upright again. This one you had to work with. You get out of the water again and get it upright. And uh sailing was was kind of nice to learn the maneuvers you had to make to work your way down a lake or work back up against the the wind as it were tacking back and forth. And uh more than once we'd get out there on a really stormy day. And uh the storm or the wind was due to the front blowing. And as soon as the front came over it was calm. So you're out in the middle of nowhere with a paddle. And you paddle your way back in and hope it doesn't start raining on you right away. And that didn't always work. We oftentimes got wet. But uh it's it's a nice nice hobby to have. Nowadays I don't think I could afford the boat or the time nor do we live that close to a lake anymore. So things change I guess. What are your memories of boating. Or current. Uh about the only memories that I have of boating uh. My husband's family had a a motor boat uh when we got engaged. And they took us out on the lake several times. And uh I really did enjoy that. I I don't know that I ever learned to drive it or anything. But uh we did some water skiing of course and and uh driving around the lake in the boat and and just the basic safety rules and things I found real interesting. Uh you know. They they just didn't patrol you like they did with the automobile or whatever. The the laws were there. And if you didn't obey them uh you know there were a lot of accidents I guess. Right. <SEP> That's true. But uh I found the motor boating was real fun. Yeah. I remember learning how to ski oh. I guess I was seven or eight years old. And the lake that we learned on was the smaller of the two that we had access to. And it was maybe fifteen twenty acres. And it was uh it had a lot of uh turtles in it. And I got all ready to go. And I was down in the water and and set to go. And uh and just as that boat took off a turtle bit me in the middle of the back. <SEP> Oh. It didn't hurt too much. But it bit enough to where I let go. And the boat went off without me. And I reached back there and s- pushed him away and got out of the water a a while. And and uh it didn't even leave a mark. It was just a little nibble. And so I told everybody what happened. And they go oh yeah sure you know. And so I get back down in there. And and I'll be if he didn't do it again. This time a little earlier and and I had let go before then and before they took off this time and and swatted him away. So I moved over a a few feet in the water and got out of his little realm where he was living underneath the dock and uh managed to get up. Didn't go very far. But I got up. And it it was a nice uh nice long skiing career. But now I've gotten to where skiing is just kind of wears me out more than it does thrill me. I've I've uh done about all I dare do on skis. You know skiing on one and jumping around here and there. And I I I know how you can get injured doing much more than that. And I just can't risk it right now being a head of the family and the breadwinner and all that. Just uh can't take the risk I did as a dumb teenager I guess. So life just changes a little bit in that respect. I'd kind of like someday to maybe end up on a pair of skis that that doesn't have a uh well. What they call trick skis. They'll allow you to ski backwards. I haven't cr- managed to get a hold on that uh craft yet. But uh. <SEP> That sounds like a real challenge. Yeah. It it would be kind of nice. I hadn't quite figured out. I don't have anybody to teach me either. That's another little thing. You need somebody to kind of tell you what to do. But just from what I've seen you just kind of work your way up to it and turn around real quick you know. Grab the rope behind you and then just let go real quick and let it whip you around. Uh-huh. But uh I don't know. Maybe someday I'll I'll get back to that as after the kids are up and grown and the monies are there to get away for times on end weekend or something. <SEP> Well my son.
sw3041.txt:So what movies have you seen lately? Well I saw um lately I've seen SOAP DISH. Oh. <SEP> Which was a. And that was a lot of fun. It was kind of a silly little film about soap operas and things. Well see that's something I want to see. Yeah. That's on my list to see. <SEP> Yeah. It was it was okay. It was not um not a wonderful film. But it was I mean it was it was cute but not the biggest laugh I've seen. Oh okay. I saw THELMA AND LOUISE. A couple of days ago and really liked that. Oh did you? <SEP> Actually I saw it twice because I liked it so much. Oh. See that's also on my list. And it's very it's really disturbing but a good movie. A disturbing movie. How do you mean? <SEP> Well it was. Um let's see. The um. It's it's different. It's kind of it's an action adventure kind of you know shoot'em up kind of film. Right. But it's with women in it instead of men. So that's kind of a that's kind of a twist on the normal thing. A switcheroo huh? <SEP> And it made me think a lot about you know. You would applaud Bruce Willis in DIE HARD if he was doing this. But you might not be so you know so encouraging of Susan Sarandon and then Gena Davis when they do it. Right. <SEP> When the shoe is on the other foot and see how it. So that was kind of interesting. I've. But I really enjoyed it. Oh. <SEP> So I w-. Because that that just reminds me of you know like back in school. And you know the girlfriends just taking off for a day or something. Just getting in trouble and probably not that much trouble. Yeah. That's kind of what it was. But. <SEP> Right. Um yeah. They had started out with that. Then they got into lots of trouble. Before we found the shopping malls that's what we did. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Well I'll have to put that I'll have to keep that on my list then. Yeah. I also saw that Madonna movie. Oh. <SEP> It's TRUTH OR DARE. And that was pretty scandalous. Scandalous? Yeah. It was kind of. Yeah. Madonna she's pretty trashy. I can imagine. <SEP> And so it was it was interesting. I guess she does it for the social value of showing you what trash is huh? Righ-. Well I think she kept saying that uh. They talked about her. It it was a film of her concert um tour she had taken through all all around the world. And they were all to her at the Vatican city and wouldn't let her perform in Rome. And she kept saying that her show was not garbage. Huh. <SEP> It had a social message to it. And. You just had to find it. You had to wade through it and find it. Right. We never quite believed that. So. You never quite got to. <SEP> I thought that was pushing it a little bit. But she. All I know about that woman is that she's an in- incredible marketeer. She is. She's rich. Yeah. And she's rich. And she. Yeah. So. <SEP> She's smart at what she does. She knows how to do that. She knows how to twist this around huh? Yeah. What did you think about DANCES WITH WOLVES when you saw it? Well okay. See we're getting back to last year. That's probably the last movie I saw. Um DANCES WITH WOLVES. I just adored it. <SEP> Really? How can I tell you. Um a couple years ago I guess well maybe ten years ago I I had read BURY MY HEART AT WOUNDED KNEE. And so you know just the general theme of the whole movie was um pretty. Uh-huh. I mean I really liked it a lot. <SEP> Right. I mean it was a real consciousness raiser I guess. Um and I only bring up WOUNDED KNEE because that was what ten years ago you read and and understood you know about the American pop Indian population. Right. And then everything went away for a couple years. <SEP> Uh-huh. And now it's back again. And you know it's sort of a popular view of um what happened way back then. Right. Of course no one will ever know. Really I don't kn-. <SEP> I know. I was. I wondered if uh the tribes that they represented the tribe that was the the evil tribe if they were really as bad as it made them to be. Well who knows. I mean it it it sort of showed like two different types of tribes. Like one was a warring tribe. And the other one was uh vegetarian kind of you know feel good tribe. You know sort of thing. Right. So there possibly were because you know you always have conflict in the world. <SEP> Uh-huh. Nobody can get along peacefully. Yeah. But I wonder. I thought the-. Because they made a big deal about how this this film was such a big leap for the the people who who were the ancestors of the this Indian tribe. And that you know that was so wonderful that they done that. And they uh uh I wonder how the ancestors of this warlike tribe if they were offended by the film. Oh I see. <SEP> If it. You know you didn't hear any press about that. Yeah. Huh. <SEP> I thought it was a very interesting movie. Well I think so. I um I have come to respect a little bit more the uh you know what went on here. Right. But but who knows how it's supposed to all end. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. You know on the on the broad scope I mean um like if uh it it it had a much bigger thing I thin-. Meaning to me. I think about you know just the meaning of um the freedom of this country and and what that really meant. Right. And that was taking over somebody else's freedoms. And sort of trampling that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh so you know it it meant something bigger I think. But still it was a fantas-. I loved the buffalo scene. And I thought Kevin Costner was just. I got a little sick of his mug on the screen every three minutes. I know the. But he's the director you know. Um but yeah. I I just thought it was a really interesting intense film. <SEP> Well that's good. Intense I think is the word for it because three hours went by really fast. That was that was it was it was good. I looked at my watch only a few times which is a good thing. Yeah. <SEP> Ate a lot of popcorn. But it put me in a really it put me in a really bad mood. I don't know why. Did it really? <SEP> Yeah. We di-. There were three of us who went. We were just all grou- really grouchy when it was over. Huh. So we decided that may be the mark of a good film. It made us think. And so. It made you think. <SEP> We were grouchy. We felt guilty for being. Maybe i- well maybe that was um. But there are no answers you know. <SEP> I know. And we we had nothing to do with it. That that can make you crabby yes. We were not responsible. <SEP> But we still felt the thick blame for what had gone on. Really. That's true. We could have. But it it's. They sort of candy coated the western story for many years. <SEP> Right. And um you know when the truth oh well. It always balances out one way or the other once you get the whole story. Uh-huh. But. <SEP> Yeah. Have you seen any other movies? Because you sound like you see a lot. Well. <SEP> Righ-. I do. I'm just out of school. So I've seen a lot of mo-. Oh okay. Don't have a job. So I shouldn't go see movies all the time. Oh there you go. <SEP> Um I rented a good movie um called CINEMA PARADESO which is an Italian movie which is probably the best movie I've seen ever. Oh. Oh. <SEP> It was just wonderful. Really? It's uh story about a little boy in a Italian a little Italian village. And he um owns a um. Or he works in a a movie th- theater and it w- it helps the projectionist. There's a little oh an old man who's the projectionist. And he befriends this old man. And then it just tells about their friendship that lasts through all these years. Oh. <SEP> And it's just. I mean if you don't mind reading subtitles. I thought I had to kind of get beyond that. Those little you know. Reading the little words at the bottom of the screen. But um oh I just laughed and cried. And I really loved it. Oh I'll have to write that down. <SEP> That was a a great one. Wow. And other than that I. I'll have to write that. Have you have did you see TEXASVILLE? Are you into Larry McMurtry? <SEP> No I had- I hadn't. I had read um THE LAST PICTURE SHOW. And but that's out on video now. And I haven't seen it. But I was interested in reading TEXASVILLE before I saw the movie. Yeah. <SEP> Did you like it? Um I I read a lot of Larry McMurtry books. Right. And TEXASVILLE is just like that. It's like very peculiar circumstances and very peculiar things that people do with each other. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's it's you know. And it's just sort of a.
sw3746.txt:Okay uh. What kind of hobbies do you have Lori? Uh I guess I uh I like to play golf. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I also like to plant flowers and do do some gardening and do arts and crafts. Uh-huh. Where do you play golf in this area? Well we live uh pretty close to the Mesquite Golf Course. <SEP> Uh-huh. So we will play either out there or at Firewheel. That is usually where we play. But I have played you know different courses in in the Dallas area. Do you uh do you ride or do you pull a cart when you play golf? <SEP> Uh both. Oh. Not at the same time. I was going to say that could be difficult. <SEP> No sometimes we ride. And sometimes uh we pull. We like to to uh a lot of the times just walk uh for the exercise. But. Uh-huh. I find that when I ride in a cart I play better. And I think it is cause I don't get as tired. I think that might be true. <SEP> Yeah. I don't like pulling a cart on Firewell golf course because they want you to pull the cart on the path. I know. And that makes me so mad. <SEP> You know it is like it is not going to do that much damage to the course but apparently they think differently. That is the reason I don't play over there. Yeah. I like the course but I don't play over there because you they don't uh you know don't allow you to pull a cart. <SEP> Right. And I don't think a cart damages the turf. Right. Well the reason why we play over there is because it's where since we are a Garland resident they gave us a special deal where you can get uh ten rounds of golf for a hundred dollars. Yeah. A hundred dollars. Cause it is half price what the normal green fees are. Uh-huh. <SEP> So that is why we you know play over there. Cause we have got our card. Well I guess I could use a card too. I live uh very near uh very close to the Firewheel Golf Course. Oh do you? So you live in Garland then. Yes. I live in northwest Garland. Right up there near the golf course. <SEP> Okay. Well we are in south Garland. But yeah next time you go uh you know check into it. They have uh. It is just like uh a bus card. And they just punch it. You know. It has got one through ten on it. And every time you go they just punch it for you. Well in the last two years I have not played very much golf because I am involved in Boy Scouts. Oh okay. So I have uh I have uh I have children Boy Scout age. <SEP> You must have a a son. I have two boys that are boy scout age. And uh so I am very active in Boy Scouts. Oh okay. So I would have to say that camping and hiking and canoeing and Boy Scouts is my hobby. <SEP> Yeah. But I. Oh well that sounds like fun too. But my golf clubs will probably rust before I get to use them again. Because my boys are still right at the beginning age. And it is probably going to be six to eight years before they go to college. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well you need to uh teach them how to play and take them out on the course with you. That's right. Lessons are expensive though. Oh yeah. Well you can teach them. Well they would probably never make it then. Because I don't think uh. I only took lessons for golf when I was in college. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh as a course for P E you know so I could graduate. Right. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh that is the only time I think I have ever really taken golf lessons. And that was kind of a group scenario and not individual. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Right. I took one lesson one other time. Besides that uh I just uh try to make the club hit the ball. <SEP> Right. Yeah. I know what you mean. I don't want to play strike out you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I have fun doing it. Some uh you know I have some good shots and some bad shots. Oh yeah. It it is just nice to get outdoors and do something. So you said you work uh in the gardens too. Do you have uh a special flowers? <SEP> Well flower gardens. I like to have. Matter of fact this past weekend I just got finished planting a bunch of tulips and daffodil bulbs. So those ought to be coming up around spring time. My wife had uh just put in a bunch of I want to say they are pansies. Uh-huh. She put them in like two months ago cause they are winter plants. <SEP> Right. And they have been. We thought even with all the cold weather weather we have had they have been blooming just fine. Oh they do great. I put mine in probably in November. That is when she did I think. <SEP> Yeah. I think it was November. And I don't do anything to mine water them or anything. And they just. They do really good. And I even had uh I guess it was last year or the year before I had some out. And it froze. And the pansies looked terrible but they came back later. I didn't do anything to them. So they are uh they are good to plant in the winter time. They last for a long time then. So if you start putting them you know you can put them out in the spring too. But once it starts getting real hot then it just kills them cause they can't stand the hot weather. Uh-huh. Do they survive longer if you plant them in the winter time? Will they make it through the summer sun? <SEP> No. They won't make it through the summer because it gets too hot. But they make it through probably winter and spring. So. Well. Yeah. I have got some of those too. Cause I love flowers. Well that is good. <SEP> Yeah. And I do I try to do some arts and crafts. And I love to go.
sw3070.txt:Does your family normally have a reunion? Do you have one. Well. That's been. <SEP> On my father's side we've really there uh. Uh-huh. On my mother's side we've had several. Not it's not really on a regular basis. Uh-huh. <SEP> But usually sometimes every few summers. Well all see all the family lives in once place except for a few of us are scattered about. Right. So they're pretty much just reunited always. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it's it's just once in a while we get the special gathering with everyone together. Well it might be a good time for you to be- to to start a tradition. I know. That's. You could be responsible for that yourself. <SEP> Do that. That's true. Sure. How about your family? Well in my family let's see last October was the forty fifth annual uh reunion. <SEP> Wow. You're a pro at this. The first Sunday in October the Jordan family gets together. <SEP> Oh that's good. And all of the descendants of the Civil War I mean yeah the Civil War veterans come together. And they come as far away from California. And there's usually oh between a hundred and fifty and two hundred and fifty people. And then where do you meet? Uh there's a big community hall in Vernon Texas. <SEP> Okay. And uh that seems to be sort of a middle ground for all of the Texas family. Okay. Do you have relatives in Vernon then? Uh-huh. <SEP> Okay. Right. Uh-huh. A lot of the older family lives in Vernon. Right. Um all of his direct descendants descendants have now died. And the grandchildren are in their seventies and eighties. <SEP> Oh. So we're talking about second and third great children here. Right. Uh I take my boys well I took them up until this year. They're grown and gone from home now. <SEP> Oh. So they they take their family. Right. But uh let's see. That would make them grandfather great grandfather great great grandfather. Okay. So it would be the second great grandchild. And so they. <SEP> Okay. So this town hall that you meet in is that like a um. Well it's a community center it's a community hall. It's a great big open building that has a wonderful kitchen it in. Okay. And uh you just bring the covered dishes. Every every family brings a a dish of some kind. And you get all the wonderful old family recipes that have been handed down for years. <SEP> Potato salad and uh. Well we try to stay away from those things which might have uh salmonella in them. <SEP> Oh that's good. And we choose to bring congealed salad. You can bring a congealed vegetable salad as opposed to potato salad. Right. And we are very conscious of most of us are very conscious of of uh sanitation aspects whatever you've got to carry for any distance. <SEP> Right. I always take home baked bread. <SEP> Oh that's nice. Uh that happens to be my specialty for that family. I do other things very well. Right. But there are others in the family who do them better. <SEP> Do they always have the the one person in the family who knows or everyone thinks they know how to make this the best so that's what they get to cook. Uh-huh. Well that's good. Well I had a professor in anthropology at school who studied family reunions. So I learned a lot about them. I haven't been to a lot. Uh-huh. <SEP> But we talked a lot about the the rituals. Uh-huh. You all equated the family reunions as with the Protestant. Uh-huh. <SEP> It was the Protestant version of the Catholic pilgrimage. Uh-huh. It was it was an interesting theory. She talked about the uh the Catholics. All it's a home centered you know it's all family centered anyway. So you usually are living where your parents live. And it's all. Your you don't have to come home. So the Catholics would make a pilgrimage in older Europe. But when the Protestant ethic happened in America there were people who ever went out and you know went away from the family to seek their fortune and then had to come back home for their reunion so that became their version of the pilgrimage. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. But she had. It was interesting you know. I don't know how valid it is. But she talked about that and how the the big picnic table was the symbolic communion of the people gathering together and um you know about the bread and the ritual placement. Do you have a a certain way that everything is placed out on the table every every year? Is there kind of a you know. Salads go first and things like that? Well it's uh. We have uh uh kind of a core group that that serves as quote officers of the organization. <SEP> Right. And they plan the reunions. The organize the you know who is going to see to it that the coffee pot gets there who's going to rent the tables who's going to see to it that the silverware gets turned back to the caterer. Uh and each year it's done a little bit differently because different people serve in those roles. Well that's pretty. We have a biographer who who continues every year to save clippings on any family member. And they're entered into a a wonderful uh scrap book. And pictures of new babies and new people who have been added and and obituaries to those who are gone. And it keeps the family alive even you know even though it's very fluid. <SEP> Sure does. That's wonderful. And they're very dedicated to that. And uh it's been really wonderful. It helps you hang onto your roots. Yeah. I wish we'd. And it helps you feel a strong sense of belonging. My husband on the other hand was not very close to his family. His family was very scattered and very diverse. <SEP> Right. And I asked him I got to talking to him. I said well how is his nephew doing. `` Well I don't know. I haven't talked to my brother in three years. ''. I said `` Well how's your brother doing? ''. `` I don't know. ''. Uh you know my son keeps in touch with him I think. But I don't. <SEP> Right. I said `` Hey wouldn't you like to know what's happening with these people? ''. `` Yeah. But I'm you know. It's too much trouble. ''. So I got busy got together and put a reunion together for his family. And succeeded in getting all of his brothers and sisters and all of their offspring but one to our place down at Lake Tawakoni. Wow. You're just uh. <SEP> Oh that's incredible. Liked to kill me because I ha- it was I didn't have that group cooperation. I did it by myself. Right. And uh nobody brought covered dishes. We had a great big fish fry. And you know I fixed a salad in a number three tub. <SEP> Right. And and uh it was an enormous task to bring all of those people together with just one or two people helping. And uh we had to provide sleeping arrangements for all of them. And I told him. Have you have you done this repetitively or just once? We did it that year. And then the following summer we did not have all of the family there. We sent invitations. We said `` Please let us know if you're coming. ''. It was when uh his mother his step father had died the year before. <SEP> Oh. And it. His mother was alone and so they came to support her. And then one by one his broth- you know his sisters he began to lose family members. See that's. We've we had a problem with that. And it was difficult to hold them together. And then of course he died two years ago. So you know that family has gone down to one brother and one sister now. <SEP> Oh. And uh it. I think that's what happens when they get scattered. The the family unit you know falls into disrepair. Right. That's our was our problem. <SEP> We had uh the first reunion or the first you know major reunion was probably six or seven years ago. Uh-huh. And then the second reunion people who maybe you know had sacrificed things to come to the first one thought oh well it's not that big a thing this year. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so it kind of wound down. Uh-huh. And then finally you know you're lucky to get you know you get the Shreveport relatives there but no one else. So that. Uh-huh. Well see we manage those people who are at that core group manage to keep keep the vigor alive. They'll send out news bulletins. Two or three times a year you'll get a news bull-. Hey guess who got you know elected to the legislature. Or guess who our local sheriff.
sw3011.txt:All right. So uh you live in Dallas? Yes. I live in Dallas. Now I understand that um the the real estate market out there has really gone crazy up and down up and down. <SEP> Yeah. I think right now it's it's kind of bad. Uh. I don't live in a house. I live in an apartment. Oh. Are are you in a house? Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Okay. Yeah. We have a single family home in northern Virginia just outside of Washington. Uh-huh. Well I guess the best I can do is is uh compare apartments. <SEP> If it can compare the one that I have now with the one that I had the last time the one that I have now uh has a lot more amenities I guess is the right word than the one that I moved out of. Uh this one you know gave us free cable and uh ceiling fans. And uh it was practically new when I moved in here. And the carpet was new. And. Huh. Do you live in the high-rise? <SEP> No. It's not a high-rise. It's just a a two story building. Uh-huh. Uh but there's you know there there are a lot of buildings. But it's just two stories. Uh on the second floor they have they don't have a patio. But they have a sunroom instead of the patio. On the first floor um where I am there's a patio. Oh okay. So so you just you have one floor all to yourself? <SEP> Yeah. Oh okay. The rooms are nice and large. And let's see I have I have two bedrooms. And uh. Oh that's nice. Do you get your own washer dryer? <SEP> Well I I I have a washer and dryer area. And I I did buy the washer and dryer. But they didn't provide it. Oh. The one that I moved from didn't didn't have a place to put them. And that's one of the reasons that I did move. Yeah. That is nice. <SEP> Yeah. Get tired of dragging clothes to the laundromat. Yeah. <SEP> So tell me ab-. Yeah. I've always uh been pretty lucky. The real estate out here's been pretty good. It uh the the prices of well the prices came down last year. We've we had sort of like a Dallas syndrome. Yeah. The past uh uh year and a half prices have gone down which is totally new for northern Virginia. <SEP> Uh-huh. It just It's a real good. It just never happened before. So it's really surprising everybody. All the developers don't know what to do. <SEP> Yeah. It's a good time to buy if you're in the market. Yeah. Unfortunate-. We're uh we actually have our house on the market because we have two kids. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we have a three bedroom house. And it's pretty much filled up right now. Oh so you want a bigger one. Yeah. Uh-huh. Get an extra bedroom or a basement. Right now it's just a a single level rambler. <SEP> Uh-huh. One thing about the houses in uh in Dallas they don't uh utilize basements the way they did in New York. My parents in New York had uh a uh three family house. Uh-huh. <SEP> Actual a. Two family house where the the um the downstairs and the second floor they had. And then they rented the third floor with the whole apartment you know. Oh. <SEP> And uh they had a basement. And they you know they finished the basement. And they were able to rent that out also. But uh in Dallas I I just I just haven't seen basements in houses. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> And I've looked at a lot of them you know. Yeah. A friend of mine was thinking about coming down there. And that's what he said was that you know it just wasn't something that people had down there. No. It's a-. They put pools and garages on but uh no basements. <SEP> Right. I haven't I haven't I have yet to see a basement in a house. Huh. <SEP> And uh. Maybe it's all the sand. Is there a lot of sand in. I always think it's like a desert. I don't know. Dallas always. Well no. No. No. No. You know I don't see that kind of sand here. Um. There are some areas though where where they have a problem with uh the houses kind of sinking a little bit into the to the uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Or the foundation is sinking or something. You know just a little just a little bit some more than others. But you you have to know the right spot to to pick where that doesn't happen. Yeah. <SEP> And uh. Well out here we um we live in what used to be uh like a prairie or whatever a natural you know natural grasslands. Uh-huh. And uh they. It's just you go down four inches. And you get to sands- well fourteen inches you get to sandstone. <SEP> Yeah. And so any place where they put a basement in they had to blast. I see. It's just solid sandstone. <SEP> Huh. Where did you say you're at Colorado? No. Virginia. Virginia. Virginia. That's right. Yeah. It's sort of unusual really. Most of Virginia is clay. <SEP> Anywhere near uh Virginia Beach? Oh yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. My uh my folks used to live there. Back before I was born they lived there. Oh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well different areas in Dallas have different kind. In uh in Texas I'll say. Because down in east Texas there's a lot of red clay. Uh-huh. And uh in the in the Dallas you know Fort Worth city areas you don't see that. Yeah. Well uh Texas is a big state. So I imagine the the type of houses and uh things like that are truly different from area to area. <SEP> Yeah. Well. But uh that's the same way out here. Because um well we for example and we live fifteen miles from the beltway that surrounds Washington. Uh-huh. And anything instead that beltway the highway the real estate's forty thousand dollars more expensive. <SEP> Yeah. So you know you really can't afford I I I could never afford a house inside the beltway. That's why we came out here. This is called the the the country you know with only you know maybe twenty miles total from D C twenty-five from the city. Huh. But um it's considered the country since it's uh you know that far out. <SEP> Well. But um yeah. We live out by Dulles Airport. I see. Yeah. And uh that's one of the few places still in northern Virginia. They have trailer parks that are down around the corner from here. And you know it's it's still pretty rural. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh not too much of northern Virginia is like that anymore. Land has gotten so expensive. They just can't afford to have low income housing like that. So is your house in an area by itself? I mean. No. We're in a development. <SEP> It's not connected to another one? There's uh. Yeah. There's another one half an acre away or a quarter acre away rather. Oh. <SEP> But it's not they're not connected are they? Oh no. Huh-uh. You have to uh stay in one single family home. I sort of got spoiled with that when I was growing up. Yeah. Uh my folks um had an apartment for a while when we were kids. But um for the most part i- they they always had you know. And Pennsylvania always had a single family home. And so you know as soon as we could we we got a single family home. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that's all I ever knew growing up. Uh-huh. So. I stayed in a townhouse for uh two years and then uh saved up enough money to to get a.
sw3425.txt:Hi. My name is Donna. And I'm calling calling from Plano Texas. I'm Jay in Dallas. Oh okay um. I um find exercise kind of a task I guess I'd say. I go to aerobics two days a week. But I also have three kids at home. So they keep me pretty busy. <SEP> That keeps you plenty of exercise. Yeah. That gives me plenty of exercise. But I enjoy um walking outside and bicycling once in a while with the family. Excuse me. That's fine. And yourself. Well I uh I have. I walked and run ev- um almost every morning. I've sort of stopped here with the weather change. But uh it's about a thirty minute exercise every morning. Uh-huh. Every morning. Well my husband swims every day at lunch which he loves doing. <SEP> Oh that would. That's fantastic exercise. Yeah. He does it every day like a ritual. Once in a while or if he has a business meeting or if he um someone invites him to lunch he'll he'll not go. But he goes um every every day. And then he ru- he's a runner too. He runs three mornings a week. He gets up about five and and does his his deal. Um. And some days he doesn't. But then maybe he'll catch up on the weekend and go for a run. <SEP> All right. And um we. I'd rather get a bicycle. But I have an ex- I had an exercise bike in the house but didn't seem to use it enough. So somebody sold it in a garage sale. And so uh but I'd like to get a bike and just do uh do biking outside. Oh. <SEP> The the the bicycling is nice especially with the weather around here. And I know um uh we we both of my husband and I both do it to just keep the pounds off. We're getting up in age I guess in our late thirties. So we need to keep exercising just to be able to uh. Yeah. <SEP> It keeps going. Because I'm fifty-five. And it uh it just gets worse. You still want to eat. And uh but you just. Oh I know. I think you feel better too if you get on some program like that. But uh. Yeah. I go to this aerobics class two mornings a week. And I take my three year old with me. There's a nursery there. And it's kind of another day out for her to um have little friends. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um I I enjoy the socialization of it you know. Getting to see the same women every morning. Right. But um there are some parts during that exercise that I think I can not do another second of this. <SEP> Oh. I know it it it some of it is so tough. It is. <SEP> And uh especially when somebody's uh planning lunch for you and they know what what's good for you. I think when we do it ourselves. We take the easy way sometimes. That's true. That's true. So. Well. <SEP> So anyway. Okay well. Thank you for calling. Yes. Thank you for participating. <SEP> All right. Thank you. Bye. Bye-bye.
sw3450.txt:Well uh guess it's logical to ask do you exercise any? Well unfortunately very little. Uh much less than what I need to. I'm about the same way. I I do a little bit. My job kind of hinders me from exercising. I'm a night operator here at a industry down here. And I don't really get out a lot to because my job to to exercise. <SEP> Well I uh am an assistant teacher and uh in business technology. And I've I think the most exercise I've gotten in the last three to four month is jumping up and down to go answer the kids' questions. It keeps me pretty busy. But it's not really the kind of exercise that gets your heart rate going. Right. And uh you know it really. Exercise is so important. It is. <SEP> And I realize that. That's that's the way I feel. I'm used to being in pretty good shape because when I was in high school I stayed in pretty good shape played a little basketball and stuff like that. But I've got. Now I'm in college. And I go to school during the day and work at night. I can tell that I've not really done a whole lot. When you uh exercise what do you do? Do you do it at home or a club. Or. Well uh I usually I usually play at home. We live out in the country. So me and my brother play basketball and have a bunch of guys come over and play. Or a lot of times we're we're up at the church. We'll play volleyball. Stuff like that. <SEP> I got a hold of uh Richard Simmons' tape uh. Oh really? What is it uh. I can't even think of the name of it right offhand with the oldies. Oh the SWEATING TO THE OLDIES? <SEP> Sweating with the to the oldies. Yeah. And that's not bad. Oh really? That's pretty upbeat. So you know I every once in a while I'll put the cassette in and go with it. Right. <SEP> Not often enough to have a routine. Right. I'll. My little Schnauzer wishes I would get out and walk with her. Oh really? <SEP> But uh I don't know. By the time I get home all I want to do is just collapse or sit down at my computer. And my fingers exercise more than anything now. Right. That's the way I am. I just want to sit down and relax. Too tired to exercise. I did. Yes. Uh do you ever ride a bike or anything like that? I started riding my bike about a couple of months ago. And I'd ride about two or three miles a day. But but it would last about a couple of weeks. And it got real cold for a little while. So I gave it up. <SEP> Here about the the most common exercise for people is to go to the malls and walk uh. Walk around. Because they're enclosed. And no matter what the weather is they can walk at a pretty good clip and and not have to worry about the weather summer or winter. Right. <SEP> Right. I've noticed people doing that down here too. I'll be in town or something. And people will walk around the mall. And it's safe. It it is fairly safe. <SEP> That's uh you know inside the mall. May be not safe going to the parking garage. Yeah. Certain parts of it. I know a doctor once told me it it. A friend of mine uh suggested swimming as being the best exercise there is. Right. <SEP> Right. I used to do a lot of swimming. We have we have a swimming pool. But it's an old concrete pool. We've been having trouble with it the past few years. So we haven't got to use it much. But I love to swim and water ski and stuff like that. The uh swimming they say uses more muscles than any other exercise with. And the water takes the resistance. Right. <SEP> Right. And you don't get the soreness. I've I've done some water exercises. But our pool is not is not heated. So it's. Right. You can't do it year round. Summertime only. Right. That's the way ours is. <SEP> You don't go out when it's twenty some odd degrees go out to the swimming pool. Oh no. It's too cold. <SEP> Hot tubs are not uh not too bad. But. I could deal with a hot tub. Those are nice. So what part of Mississippi are you from? I'm from Laurel. <SEP> Whereabouts is that? That's way down towards the south. Not quite on the coast. But we're about two hours from the coast. Oh. And you do have cold weather down there? Yes ma'am. It it started about yesterday I believe. It started raining and got real cold. <SEP> Ours started Thanksgiving. Oh. And uh from there just well. Today was pretty. But uh oh Sunday the snow and ice came in. Right. <SEP> And uh there was no exercise.
sw3398.txt:Hello. Hi. Hi. <SEP> My name is uh Donna Donahue. And I live in Plano Texas. Hi. My name is Lowell. And I live in Raleigh North Carolina. Oh okay. Um do you want to start. Or should I start? Go right ahead. <SEP> Okay um. I would say that our home is a very typical home for the area that we live in. We have um three children. And um they attend the public school here and are very active in a lot of the sports soccer and baseball. And well my little girl goes to tap dance. And my little one goes to preschool. And um I'm home with the children just do a lot of running around. It seems like a lot of my neighbors kind of have a similar type I don't know life. Um what about you? I'm I'm single. And I I live in a town home here in Raleigh. Uh-huh. And it's pretty typical of the other town homes in the area. <SEP> Uh-huh. Okay. Ther- we we have a lot of town homes here as well as single family homes. <SEP> Uh-huh. And at the time that I bought this one it was just a a much better arrangement for me personally. I'm not home a lot. I travel a great deal with my job. Uh-huh. And so it was easier to have a home that didn't exactly that somebody else looks out for the maintenance. <SEP> Was sort of maintenance free. Yeah. <SEP> Oh yeah. Well um that that sounds that sounds pretty good for. I know my husband takes an awful lot of time on the weekends not so much now but to um maintain the lawn and the edging and the flower beds. And it's a lot of work owning a home with a little bit of property attached to it. It's. It certainly is. Sometimes I think um it would be nice to have a town home with not having all that responsibility. Well if you ever get one be sure the walls are good and thick because if they're not you can hear. I that's the main thing when I was shopping for one. I wanted to make sure I could I couldn't hear my neighbors. And that was. <SEP> Right. So I bought one that's more like living in a. Once you're inside you don't know you're in a town home. Oh that sounds lovely. It is. They're kind of built on a catty-cornered instead of like side by side. <SEP> Uh-huh. So you don't actually hear anybody next door to you. Uh-huh. So in in your area then there's probably a lot of um career type people that have those type homes. And. Yes. Definitely. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um the area that we're settled in is um definitely young young families with with kids. They're still doing um a lot of building in the neighborhood. So the people that move here seem to move from all over the country which we're from um the northeast. And um seems like a people just don't or also don't have any family around. So it um also gives you a common bond when you don't have a lot of relatives visiting your neighbors. And you know um. But um. Well we also in this area seem to have a lot of retirees people who don't want the heat of Florida but don't want the heat of the the cold of the northeast. Uh-huh. So they settle sort of in-between. <SEP> Right. Right. Uh-huh. Now it's um is it very wooded around where you are. There lots of pretty trees and. Yes. <SEP> Yeah. As a matter of fact this is a uh this particular community that I live in is very wooded. Oh how pretty. It is nice. <SEP> I do miss that. Around here in Plano there are very few trees. And it's pretty flat and and kind of barren. And that's the only thing that we don't like about living in Texas is we miss all the beautiful trees and the Fall. And and um uh the landscape is much different here in Texas than it is you know in the north. Um or even where you are. Uh we definitely have a lot of trees here. A lot of leaves to rake up too I bet. Yes. But fortunately the home owner's association does all that. <SEP> Does that. Well see that's another plus. Yes. I don't have to worry about that. And this is the time of year we're starting to lose. They're all falling now. That's right. That's right. They are. I'm going to get the kids to get outside with the other neighbor kids and do the little bit of raking that needs to be done. We just have a few trees in the front and a few in the back but not not much. Just just a little kind of just in more of a make a little bit of a mess for a few weeks. And if you didn't do anything about it then they'd probably the leaves just blow away. Right. <SEP> It's not too bad. Okay. Do we have to speak for a certain amount of time? No. I don't think so. Okay. Okay. It was really nice speaking to you. It was good to speak with you too. <SEP> Okay. And have a happy Thanksgiving. Thank you. You too. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3303.txt:Okay. You want to go ahead and tell me your favorite team or who you think will be doing well this year. Uh well where I'm from the Atlantic coast conference is a very big conference. And course we have Duke University that was the national champions last year. So I'm kind of hoping that they'll repeat again this year. They have a lot of the same players back. Are we talking about is this the N B A? <SEP> No. This is college basketball. This is college College okay. <SEP> Right. We have like Carolina and Duke and Georgia Tech and N C State teams that are normally ranked in the top twenty. Uh-huh. So hopefully we'll have a good year. I don't really follow the N B A very closely. And see that's probably all all I saw. I we have moved in the last couple years from Utah to Texas. And there's so many colleges and universities in Texas we haven't really followed them too much. And none of them are our our alma mater. So that seems to help. <SEP> Do you like professional basketball? Uh I I follow it especially around the playoffs. So course I was real familiar with the Utah Jazz. And the Mailman or Karl Malone was you know pretty big thing. And the Lakers have always been amazing to watch. Yeah. I I did keep track a little bit of the Mavericks. They've not had any good seasons for a long time and have a lot of problems with with Tarpley. <SEP> And maybe now that that's over they'll they'll come out of it. But. Well that's an up and coming team though. Yeah. I hope they do something. They need to. Or they're not going to have any of the team left at all. <SEP> That's somebody you can get behind and be patient. Yeah. Kind of like the Cowboys I guess. <SEP> Yeah. They seem to be kind of not having a very good few seasons. Yeah. They coming out of it this year. We'll see if it's held on. But I think Chicago will probably with the N B A again. The Bulls? <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. They'll probably be pretty good. Course the Celtics are always really really good too with their players. That's true. Be interesting to see how the Olympics does this year with all the the N B A players playing on the Olympic team. <SEP> That's true. It will be interesting. So. It will certainly be different. Yeah. I don't know how close I'll follow them though. <SEP> And the season hasn't started yet. I'm usually more the end of the season person. And we need to talk about baseball. And so. <SEP> Yeah. Oh my Atlanta Braves. Well. Well I really do uh you know. The basketball season's supposed to start in the next couple of weeks. It's. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> It's a long season. It is it is. And that's why I've. I guess my mind went blank. It's like last season was so long ago. And I haven't really even started thinking about basketball yet. So. Yeah. But this wasn't a good subject. But We'll see how our predictions come true. <SEP> It's a little early. We definitely will. Okay. It's good talking to you. <SEP> Good to talk to you. All righty. Bye. Bye-bye.
sw2445.txt:I don't know um. Do you do a lot of camping? Well my husband and I haven't done a whole lot of camping. We but we bought a van last year. Yeah. <SEP> And we were hoping uh to do some camping in the van um. We did go camping in Arkans- not Arkansas Oklahoma. Uh last year in we camped in a tent. And uh there were two other couples with us. And there was uh state park. Oh so. And it was really nice. Yeah. Um up here some of the state parks are really nice. And some of them aren't. Some of them are pretty rough. <SEP> Really? Um yeah. They they just have like outhouses. They don't have like a shower room or anything. Yeah. But some of them are really nice. They have showers and full bathrooms. Um. Um but I don't know. I I've been camping a couple times. But I'm not a real avid camper uh. A lot of people I know are. But um I don't I don't. <SEP> I I don't like really camping in the rough. I like the the the little necessities like having electricity available and running water and showers and things like that. Yeah. We went we went once to a lean-to. And it um. I mean there wasn't any electricity on the camp site. But it was all right. We only spent two nights there. I wouldn't want to spend more than two nights. I wouldn't want to go for like a week. But um two nights is good. Yeah. That would that would be much. Um especially there was a little store close by. So it was pretty nice. <SEP> Yeah. The campsite that we went to was an area that. It's right on a big lake. And there's a lot of boating out there. And we we went up there to hopefully be able to get on the water a little bit. But it was still uh it was still too cold. Oh really? Oh. Yeah. It it was pretty early in the year. Um yeah. Up here you got to wait until Aug- August until the water warms up. <SEP> Yeah. Well it's not that bad. But it's still pretty chilly. Um I don't know. I was I have a tent. And I fluff out in it in the backyard and stuff. But this thing about camping that bothers me is you've got to pack everything. And another thing is the thing seems to get. It's dirty you know. Yeah. So you can't keep the dirt out of the tent. I don't know. We have a seven year old. It's pretty funny. Like stay out. <SEP> Yeah. We we have we have a dog. And that's just about as bad as a kid. Yeah. Boy he doesn't go in and out of the tent a hundred times. And use it as a play uh. Uh-huh. They like to play in them. <SEP> Yeah. I don't know how you can really keep uh the inside of a tent clean. Yeah. I don't know. Other than you know taking your shoes off right before you walk in or something and and sweeping it out everyday it's really hard to to keep the sand and dirt out of it. Yeah. Well what we were doing we were just going to say we're just going to sleep in the tent and hang out at night so you know no going in and out and or what he wants to do. We had brought his friend along was play in the tent. It was like no this is not working. You can't do that. You get the tent all dirty. <SEP> Did. Plus you get it all wet. We were at a beach site too. Uh-huh. Um did you have another a big tent like uh um like a looks like a sitting area type you know like a two room type? No. But you know I was just thinking of getting one those for the yard because they are really nice. And um up here we have uh we have quite a few mosquitoes at nighttime. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. We don't really have a problem with that um in these areas um. And even even when in Oklahoma when we camped I really didn't notice a problem with bugs. And I noticed that. I know that I said that's. I've I've lived back east before um they. They're terrible. They're really terrible. Uh but there's this one campsite that it. Just some of them are known. But there is one that's out in this big lake. And its its its mosquitoes are terrible. And then there's this there's this other one that's more up in the mountains. But it surrounds a man-made reservoir. And there's no bugs. That's the whole thing that everyone told me oh. I'm I was going to go to Lit- Little River State Park. That place is great. There's no bugs. Huh. But oh. Okay. Because uh we were having a really big problem up here in certain areas. We were really affected bad by it but really got it um. Almost destroyed the ch- the tourism in one town because of the mosquitoes. They're so bad. <SEP> Really? Yeah. That was it's a really nice area. I've been there before. And it's. I I couldn't imagine ge- living just sixty miles north of them. But they were plagued they were plagued with them with mosquitoes. And you can go out outside in the daytime all right. But the minute the sun went down um that's when it's usually the minute the sun sets the mosquitoes come out. Huh. I mean just the very second. It's really strange. They uh they must uh work on that you know. The i- it gets cooler when the sun sets. And then they all come out. <SEP> Well have you ever have you ever taken any of those um what do they call this lights. Have you ever used those? Oh yeah. Yeah. I never really noticed how effective they were. But um because that wasn't really. I bought them. I really didn't get to use them like oh there's mosquitoes let's turn them. We just sort of lit them. Uh-huh. And um we weren't bothered that much by mosquitoes. So we didn't really contribute it to that. But um I think in an area that's really thick with mosquitoes. I can't see all this little uh smoke buckets I call them. <SEP> Yeah. They work. But they're suppose to work really well. Huh. Oh I'm in my paperwork here. That's what I do when I wait for a phone call. I get in my paperwork. Oh to find my most important parts. But I don't know I don't know if I'm going to go. I wish was an avid camper. And I could really talk about like gardening or something. You can talk about that a lot. <SEP> Uh-huh. But um I do want to go again. We just moved to a new hou- into a house. So I don't think camping. Maybe in the backyard. But I don't see going on a camping trip probably until next summer. Yeah. I'd I'd like to go camping cross-country um. I just got married less than two years ago. So we don't have any any children yet um. So it's easy for you to go. <SEP> Yeah. So easy to pick up and go and s-. We have a van. And we can just throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back of it. Um oh God. So it's not really I guess camping the way peop- most people picture camping in the tent. But. I don't know. But that sounds that my my kind of camping it really does. Yeah. Okay um well um. That is is to have a a nice vehicle where you can have everything in it plus your tent. <SEP> Yeah. Or or get. My brother has a real nice pop-up. Yep. And he just he just tows it behind his truck. Um. <SEP> And he he's got three kids. So his kids will sleep in the truck in the in the back of the bed. Um and they sleep in the pop-up. Well those they're kind of nice. But they're also um flimsy when you really look at them. But when you get inside they're really nice you know. Yeah. Everything's really. But then when you look underneath them it's just got these little wheels and this little axle. It's like oh my. And then a big windstorm it would pick you up. <SEP> Yeah. He did have a problem uh when he went camping last year in Beavers Bend Ok- Oklahoma um. A a storm came in. And it started raining really heavy. And they were all everybody was trying to flee the campsite. Everybody was getting stuck in the mud. Oh jeez. And uh. Yeah. What do you what do you do when you get a I mean like a really violent storm like a tornado. Just stay in your truck. I mean I wouldn't stay in the um. <SEP> Well theirs was so bad. And they were so close to the water that the water was coming up. Oh. And they had to get out of there. So then were they successful? <SEP> Yeah. They yeah they were. But it took them a little while? But yeah. They they decided that that was enough camping for the weekend. Yeah. So did they get stuck? <SEP> No. They ended up getting out. They ended up helping several other people though that were that were stuck. Yeah huh. Well so they evacuated it. Yeah. Yeah. They the whole the whole campsite was evacuated. Wow. <SEP> I mean some I think some people that had fairly sturdy um vehicles or whatever if they had like a Winnebago or something and they were farther in away from the water I think they stayed. Yeah. But everybody that was real close to the water ended up. It was either that or their truck was going to go floating downstream. I know I always I like to get right on the water. Yeah. By the campsite it's so. <SEP> Yeah. We have lean-tos up here. I really like them. Like I say they're kind of just kind of more sturdy than anything you know. Just just. They have them right at the campsites? Yeah. They're they're lean-tos. They're um Yeah they're pretty nice. <SEP> Wow. They're they're uh it's like a little house except the whole face is open. And the one time that we went we got one. It was overlooking the water. But it was a big embankment. I wanted to get one right on the water. We had an electrical storm too. And it was really it was neat sitting there watching it. I mean it was raining. When we called home everybody said oh we were worried about you in that storm.
sw2526.txt:Okay. What kind of car are you thinking about buying next? Well what a wh- what do we currently have. I have a Subaru uh G O X T. What year? <SEP> Eighty-eight. Oh okay. Well I have a ninety Honda Civic. And I'm ready to get rid of it. Actually. Oh it's not pretty old. No. Uh well I ha- I had an eighty-eight that I really liked. And it got wrecked. And so I bought a ninety um because I I really liked my eighty-eight. And I've had a lot of problems with this one. So. <SEP> So you think their quality control's going down over there kind of? Well you. It's it's kind of funny um. I know a lot. Well I I I think we're going to see that I think uh that the quality that the Japan carmakers had is slipping a little bit while American carmakers are trying to get their put together. Oh. <SEP> Yeah. So. It's it's true. It's definitely true because. <SEP> But but that's one reason. I uh I've had no problems with my Subaru. That's one reason I went with it because I Subaru had a good reputation uh for you know low maintenance. So. Yeah. Well Honda does too that's why I was really. Well really. There's there's no question. But you have a nineteen. I mean I've got to see if. I mean I've seen and I've had friends that have uh like uh eighty-one or eighty uh Celicas. Uh-huh. <SEP> And those things just keep ticking. Yeah. I mean they just they can rack up a a hundred fifty K on them. That's true. <SEP> And they're still beating on them. That's true. And it's just amazing. And then they got. And you know they're not making them like that now d- d- you know. No. <SEP> So. Not at all. But they're still they're still a lot I think definitely better than the American carmaker system. Oh I I definitely agree with you there because I had uh uh uh Ford T Bird before I got my Honda. And it was the worst car I've ever owned. <SEP> Yeah. And um that's why I mean I was so tickled with my Honda. It was just a wonderful car. And then it got wrecked. And you know I wouldn't even look at another car. Yeah. I just went and bought a Honda I mean I didn't even I didn't look around or anything I just said that this is what I want. And I really have had a lot of problems with it. But I don't know. <SEP> Well maybe you need to unload it on somebody el-. Well I'll probably hold on to it since it's still under warranty. But in the first twelve months that I owned it it was in the shop an average of about once a month. It was in the shop about twelve times the first twelve months. Yeah. That's a lot. Yeah. It was. I was really disappointed because I was you know so hyped up on Honda. So. <SEP> Oh well. Yeah. Anyway. So what's your next purchase supposed to be? Well I know this. <SEP> Oh really. If you had a choice of your car what would you get? Well it's this is going to sound really strange. But I really like to have a Mazda M P V van. I really like those. And I have kids. So. I'm not sure I'm real familiar with the body style on that. They're a lot. I don't like the new style like of the Toyota van and the the new Chevy Lumina van. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I don't like those styles um the M P V is more of uh uh just uh I don't know what you normal. I don't know how to explain more of an old fashioned type. I I'm not sure how to explain it. <SEP> Yeah. I mean it looks I guess kind of like uh the Chevy Aerostar or Arrow. Yeah. No. What. Astro Astro I guess is what it something like that. <SEP> Oh okay. Yeah. But I used to really like the looks of the M P V because it looks more like a mini van rather than I think. Do you have uh do you have a family? Yeah. I have a couple kids. <SEP> Okay. Well that's probably influenced maybe a little bit. Oh yeah. Definitely. But I know that it's got to have a radio it's got to have air conditioning. I'm sure you can uh relate to air conditioning. Um living in Arizona. Oh yeah. But and cruise control and tinted windows that's about it. I mean it's got to have those things otherwise I don't care. <SEP> Yeah. Well when I bought my car it was right out of college. And uh you know I always been looking for something sporty. And I ended up getting you know basically something that I could you know afford. Uh-huh. The only gripe I have is performance. I probably uh. A few girls that I've gone out with I've had uh like Mazda R X sevens and stuff. And they're they're pretty fun to drive. So so I think that's what uh I I'm going to have to get next time around I keep I keep hold- holding off. Yeah. <SEP> Oh really? And then I could I could upgrade now if I wanted to. But I just I. It's just such a huge expense. And and uh I I'm just going to keep holding off. But I'm definitely going to look for something uh in the you know nice perpor- you know. Sports car. <SEP> I'd like to have a sports car too. But it's not practical for me. But. Yeah. I'm in. Are you still there? Yeah. Whoops. There's some kind of problems. Hello. <SEP> Hello. Are you still there? Okay. This is. Something's wrong. <SEP> Wonder what happened. I don't know. It sounds funny though doesn't it? Huh. Anyway um but I'll probably um. Huh. <SEP> It just depends. I know that's what I want. But I don't know if I'll get myself to spend that kind of money. You're looking at you know for a new R X seven or a Supra or something. You're looking at twenty-five K or something that like. Oh at least. Yeah. And so anyway but Anyway my ultimate car though the the one that I really want is uh five sixty or so Mercedes. I know well new cars aren't cheap anyway. <SEP> But. So. Huh. <SEP> Maybe someday. Yeah. We have we all have those kind of dreams too don't we? Yeah. What I'd really like to have. <SEP> That's the only one that I you know. I se- you know I see uh you know early on that that that says it says you there? Yeah. This is strange. Hello. Hello. I think something's wrong with this. <SEP> Okay. I hope it's recording. I hope it's not my. You there? Yeah. <SEP> It may be my phone um. Anyway it's the only car that says you know sporty and class uh. So. Yeah. You're right. Yeah. Uh kind of what I'm. But it's. At the other one my brother's got a Miata. And those are fun. Oh those are nice. <SEP> And uh i-. Yeah. They're they're cute cars. Yeah. Well he did he had a a red Miata. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh he actually. They came out with a European racing green uh Miata that's a limited edition. Oh. They're only going to make like three or four thousand. So he went out. And he traded the other one in and got this one. Wow I haven't seen those. <SEP> And I'm like um but uh I haven't seen one yet either. But supposedly they have some real wood built in to like the clutch and all this and the steering wheel. Wow. So it's it's very authentic. And there only is supposed to be limited edition so it may be may be a good investment. If it. Oh yeah. Definitely. <SEP> Yeah. If it's a limited edition usually no matter what it is if it's a limited edition it's usually worth something later on. Uh-huh. But uh I think. Hello. Yeah. <SEP> Okay. Yeah. I got off my pace or my cordless phone anyway uh hope it's not going bad. Oh. It's going to bump me out. Um but he I think he he only spent you know the low twentys. So I don't know. Really? <SEP> Now see I would have never figured that I would have figured that to be a lot more than that for something that's limited edition. Well I don't know. I think the demand's gone all down a little bit. I think you can. The prices aren't as high you know. And the the mu- Miata was first introduced uh. And well they weren't really that bad though when they were introduced were they? <SEP> Wh-. Yeah. The demand is so high that uh you know they were going to retail them around like thir- you know thirteen standard you know. And you get your options you're looking at fifteen or si- fifteen. Yeah. That's true. <SEP> But there were you know people were buying them for nineteen and twenty. Uh-huh. And um they they may have gone down a little bit. Huh. <SEP> But I. They're still pretty much in demand. I think there's another car coming in. It's supposed to come out and compete with that Miata. Huh. And I can't remember what I read about that. But so that's. I mean I would think somebody would try to compete with that because it is very popular. So. Yeah. It really is. <SEP> But. Have you seen the new uh Dodge Stealth? The the real nice one. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And the Mitsubishi three thousand G T is the same same. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. The Mitsubishi is real nice looking too. Yeah. Well that's that's that's the same manufacturer. Now those are nice. <SEP> And st- so they just market them. Right. Right. <SEP> But uh yeah. Those are and those are supposed to be very performance power I mean they're there is yeah big time. The expensive ones they have a cheaper model too that you can get for about seventeen thousand. But those are pretty stripped. And there's nothing. There's really. That one's just more for looks you know. It doesn't have any really the performance that the expensive one does. <SEP> Yeah. You know but I've seen one of those. And it's not that great I mean because they really. I think the- they're only around uh twenty-nine K. Yeah. The-. Like I mean they have um better. It's not quite as nice for a little bit less. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. They're not really that bad. But I don't know. Like I said it's it's still not practical for me. I have a hard time looking at cars like that because I think now there's no way I can do that. Yeah. I'm being single. And no other responsibilities for yourself I guess you know it's I can I can I've been pretty happy. Right. <SEP> I've I've haven't tried to upgrade myself right now. That's uh you know I could I could have you know get something nice and upgrade. But I just uh I'm consulting right now. So. Oh really? I just made my first job hop about eight months ago. So. Uh.
sw3081.txt:Okay. Well I I I guess if I was having a dinner party I depending on the number of people I might cook a like a brisket or a roast or a maybe a chicken dish. Uh-huh. And um I guess I usually plan probably a lettuce salad and a a potato dish. And we usually serve fresh fruit and uh then make a dessert. <SEP> Oh that sounds good. So that makes. Uh we're not uh real wealthy at the moment. Last time I had people over for dinner we had lasagna. And I used my mother's recipe. I really like it. It's got um. You cook the noodles and make and brown hamburger and put tomato sauce in with it. And I'm not sure she even puts. Must be some Italian spices in there. I can't remember. But um for the cheese part you mix uh sour cream and cream cheese and cottage cheese and uh layer all that. Well that sounds good. <SEP> It's good. That sounds good. And then uh uh tossed salad and and um Oh. My goodness Diane get down from there. And uh let's see. What else did I serve with that. Bread do you have bread to go with it? <SEP> Corn. Yeah. I made French bread with that one too. Gosh. I have a recipe that's pretty good for that. So. Oh well lasagna's always wonderful for large crowds. <SEP> Yeah. I've heard you know I've heard a lot of people say it the short cut on the cooking for lasagna. They they've told me that they go to Sam's and buy a great big pan of lasagna. I've heard that Sam's has a really good lasagna. So. <SEP> In fact I think I had it at a at a party once. Did you? It was good. Well I I know people that have have served it. And they say gosh if you have company coming when you don't want to be always in the kitchen it's easy. <SEP> Easy. And she said it's they said it's good. Yeah. So that that's always sounds good to me um. <SEP> Yeah. I feel like I feel like I'm in the kitchen cooking a lot. Oh I know. I cook guess I cook a seems like I cook a lot of dinners oh not always for company just for just for family. <SEP> Oh yeah. So feels like I'm often in the kitchen. Not my favorite place but. A necessity. But a time consuming place. <SEP> Yeah. Right. Right. So. Let's see. What else do we like to have for. Trying to think what else I like to serve. My mother likes to serve taco grandes. Have you ever had that? I don't know. <SEP> What that is. No. I don't know what that is. You take a flour tortilla. And you fry it like a taco shell. Okay. <SEP> Right. And you uh. For all the inside parts you brown hamburger and put some um tomato sauce in it. And and I like to just add picante sauce to get the Mexican flavor. So you don't have to mess with spices and stuff. Right. <SEP> And then um let's see. And then and you heat up refried beans. And you cut up tomatoes and lettuce and grated cheese. And what you do to make it you take the shell and you spread the beans on first. Then you put the meat. Then you put the grated cheese. And then you put um. Let's see what's next. Then and I I usually put the cut up tomatoes next and then the um lettuce. Right. And you can put uh like guacamole and. Katy I'm on the phone. Well get a towel or go change. I'm on the phone. Um oh a little sour cream is good and and chopped olives. Right. <SEP> Right. Do you like to make your own guacamole? Uh yeah. Yeah. We we don't make it very often I guess. But uh. <SEP> No. I don't very often. Usually when we get avocados my kids just like to eat them plain. Oh do they? So. Yeah. Gosh. <SEP> I just cut slices off. And. I like an avocado sandwich too. Gosh. Oh that's good. That's good. Or it's always good on top of something in the sandwich. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Oh well we made I made guacamole that I would take to a pool party across the street the other day. And and everyone there said they never made guacamole salad. What you want. Wh- where do they get it? Well I don't know. I guess they don't have it at home. <SEP> I can't imagine it would stay fresh long enough to. I guess they just buy it at a restaurant when they eat it at a restaurant maybe. They must they just said they never had it at home. So I I was concerned that I thought oh taking this you know taking this as a dip I thought gosh you know sometimes when we have it at home it it turns dark on the top so quickly. Yeah. So I just. <SEP> It helps if you I helps if you leave the pit in it. Oh does that help? Yeah. If you leave the pit in the bowl with the thing especially while you're waiting before you serve it. Okay. Well. <SEP> That's supposed to help keep the um keep it from turning brown so quick. Well I'll have to remember that. Well I just I that day I just took extra lemon and just squeezed across the top. And it really stayed longer than I ever thought it would. Oh. So. <SEP> Oh that's good. I thought maybe that was the trick. That probably helps too. Yeah. Yeah. So. Oh well. I guess we bought a lot of. We've been buying turkey lately instead of beef. So. <SEP> Do you want it? Even though you know. Oh yeah. We have too. The ground turkey it's the meat is softer. And I. Everybody seems to like it. <SEP> Do you want scrambled? So. Sometimes it seems to be cheaper too. So we often buy it. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. We buy it. If you get it on sale. Yeah. Yeah. So we bought that. Or we bought the the filets and then the chicken or turkey nuggets. And I don't think anybody in my house knows the difference unless you tell them. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Or in. <SEP> I don't think mine know either. In fact we've been getting lunch meat that's turkey too. It costs less than the other. I don't know. There's supposed to be something more healthy about it. Yeah. Yeah. Poultry instead of the beef and pork. Less cho- less cholesterol. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Right. Right. Well I guess that's probably all we need to do for tonight. Yeah. I I can't think of any other specific things I like to serve. Um. I always like dessert. <SEP> One salad that we always like my sister-in-law always brings to family dinners is a. I don't know what you call it. Uh you mix um cottage cheese and a package of jello and a thing of uh like Cool Whip. Right. Right. That's good and quick and easy. That's always good. <SEP> Probably probably the only family recipe that we we make and it's really for special occasions is cheese cake. And we take a recipe from my grandmother you know. Uh-huh. It's probably fairly typical cream cheese and egg and sugar and the insides of a.
sw2619.txt:Well uh what what do you think about the metric system? Uh do you uh find it useable? Have you tried much with it? Well wi- with an engineering degree it's of course it's a whole lot easier. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because uh. To use you mean. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. If if somebody ha- is totally unfamiliar with it uh human nature being what it is we don't like to change. Yes. Uh it just absolutely makes perfectly good sense to me because it's all decimal. Yes. <SEP> And it's so easy to convert from one set of units to another. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. We. Well I've lived both in the United States and and in a country where they do use the metric system. And uh so I've I've lived with pounds and inches and found it really quite easy to convert over. Um the secret seeming to me to be to not bother ever converting inches to centimeters and pounds to kilom- uh uh kilograms. Right. <SEP> That's right. And I think that's what hung people up the most is they went now wait a minute an inch is two point fifty-four centimeters. Right. How on earth am I every going to do the math? <SEP> Right. And the problem is that we tried to convert everything from inches to centimeters preserving basically the inches but expressing them as centimeters rather than saying no a centimeter is about the width of your thumbnail or whatever and you know and leaving it at that. And uh you know a kilogram weighs about this much. And get used to it from scratch. Cause I still can't convert back and forth from inches to centimeters. But I'm perfectly comfortable using either. Uh-huh. And I think the real problem with this this weird conversion yo- you see signs that say fifty-five miles per hour and you know whatever it would be one hundred six kilometers per hour you know. People you know. It's hard to take it seriously. <SEP> Oh yeah. And as long as both were given you basically just don't read the kilometers per hour. You just say well look read the miles per hour one. The other one must be for someone else. That's right. Uh I don't know. I mean even Britain has converted over. And we inherited this mess from them. And uh. <SEP> That's right. It's all their fault. Well I mean it's more our fault than theirs at this point because they they saw the light um. I don't know why they we- um were more able than we were. Except I think that they probably just said well we're just going to start using the things now. And you sort of have to force people to change since they don't want to. Of course being part of the European community if everybody else did it they they were probably much more. Is much more necessary for them than for us. That's true. That's that's probably true. And America does have a long history of sort of doing things our own way rather than adopting you know some other model. <SEP> There's an expression for that. With eyes on the past backing confidently into the future. I've never heard that one. That's very nice. Oh so I'm all for the metric system and converting over. And I think. I guess my feeling is the way to do it is is to just start giving weights you know have a very brief transition period and then just start giving weights and kilometers er just as in kilometers and weights and kilograms and everything like that and uh just have people start using it rather than having people constantly trying to convert. Remember me getting a package of something that said one pound. This is a package of dates mind you. It's was presumably something you weigh fairly precisely. It said one pound. And then in parenthesis it said four hundred fifty-four point six grams. Right. Right. And as near as I could tell seeing that was basically anti-metric propaganda. Cause anyone who would say well look I can either buy a pound of something at four hundred sixty-four point six grams which of course they couldn't weigh it out accurately anyway um. Every time I see something like that I think well that's that's an anti-metric argument. <SEP> Yeah. Well uh I I don't think it'll it could ever happen with with a quick transition. You don't? No. I I think that would be the easiest way. But human nature being such as it is I would think it would take probably two or three years before people co- could completely cut the cord. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Oh oh that's what I was thinking by quick transition. I didn't mean you know I didn't mean like Sweden going over to right hand drive or anything you know. At midnight tonight we all switch over or anything. Did they switch? Uh I believe so. Yeah. And I think they did it overnight. Cause you know you can't do it gradually. That's an example of something you can't do gradually. <SEP> Well that's true. It it has to be kind of a discreet transaction. Yes. It does. A quantum leap from left to right hand drive. Interesting. And they. But you know that must have taken uh. That was something that had to be done quickly you know because of external circumstances. <SEP> Oh yes. But they decided to do it to make themselves in sync with the rest of Europe or the rest of continental Europe. Yeah. And you know. But that must have been tremendously difficult to orchestrate. <SEP> Yeah. I'm sure. Um so I I I I I think it's essential that it's done. And I think the real trick is to avoid the you know. A little more attention to human psychology. And whereas people want round numbers. And after all the whole reason to go over to metric is to have round numbers so they don't deal with thirty seconds of an inch. <SEP> Exactly. Exactly. And so what the exact. The thing that was best about metric was the thing that was most poorly represented. Really I think. Well we do have the two liter soda pop bottles. Uh-huh. I saw that. I saw that the other day. I don- don't drink soda pop. <SEP> Yeah. But I saw a two liter soda pop bottle. So yeah. Things like that are a good start. And if you start expressing one liters and one kilograms and then the pounds come in the the you know the odd numbers you know two point two pounds or something. I think people will start getting a sense of gee the metric is the sensible one. Right. Yes. <SEP> That's true. Well sure have enjoyed our talk. Yes. Well get back to what you're doing. And I'll do the same. I enjoyed talking with you too. Okay. God bless y-. Bye-bye. Okay. Bye-bye.
sw2749.txt:Well uh I don't have strong feelings about changes to be made in the uh jury system do you? Uh not at all. In fact I'm graduating from college in about a week. And this past semester I've taken two criminal justice classes and have discussed a lot on trials. Uh well then you must know a lot more about this than I do. <SEP> Uh I think I think uh s- the system right now you know should you know is fine. I think it should be by a jury. I don't think the judge should have I mean. He's just there kind of like the referee. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh I don't I don't even think that it should be unanimous either. Uh. Well what about the idea that one is only guilty uh when proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt? I thought that was the point of uh a unanimous jury was the idea that if everyone agrees then there shouldn't be any reasonable doubt. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. But if there are some people who don't agree uh then there must be it seems to be there must be at least a reasonable doubt for some people. <SEP> Exactly. Uh-huh. Uh I don't know. I uh. You you rarely hear you hear of course there's cases where someone has been put in in in uh prison uh falsely accused. But uh more than likely the people that are on the the jury know what they're doing. Uh I mean you. Really? Have you served on a jury? <SEP> Never. I never have either. But my friends my few friends who have uh say just the opposite. They say they're uh remarkably incompetent. And uh don't know what they're doing and say one thing in the courtroom and then as soon as they get in the back room they just start letting all their prejudices hang out and to to air and all that. Huh. Well you would think that they would get that in the uh. When the prosecution and defense are choosing the jury you would think that those would come out. And I I know they automatically. When you go through uh when you're chosen is you're automatically like a a a professor in criminal justice or something like that. That you're automatically. No. They don't want you on the jury. Right. They don't want anyone with exper- anyone with particular experience or knowledge of the legal system. <SEP> Exactly. Uh-huh. Exactly. Uh. And they tend. And since anyone can get out of it who basically says they don't want to do it. I mean you know it's it's anyone can get out of jury just about. And uh so it it's uh it's not really my peers that. If I were ar- let's say I were arrested falsely or not and put up for a jury I wouldn't feel that uh I would be being tried by a jury of my peers. <SEP> Uh-huh. I'd be I mean I'd be tried by a jury of you know people who had nothing else to do and weren't very knowledgeable about certain sorts of things. And uh I don't know. Uh-huh. I I get a little bit nervous about it. And uh. <SEP> I've I've never I've never even been called to jury duty. Yeah. I I was called once. But I was out of the country. And apparently I apparently they thought I served. So I didn't I didn't make any noise about it. I came back. And they said the record showed I served. But I was out of the country at the time. So I'm pretty sure I didn't. Uh. <SEP> Yeah. I uh I don't know. I think the I guess there's a lot of problems with the legal system. Yeah. Well I I I don't know. I definitely feel like we need to keep it at least unanimous. Because uh you know there's the classic sort of TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD kind of story where you get you know jury which can have all kinds of prejudices and things that a judge at least officially isn't supposed to have. Though of course they can too. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh it seems to me that if you could just have a simple majority or something you could pretty much brow- you know browbeat the jury a majority in the of the a majority of the jury. Uh-huh. That's hard to say. Uh so it's it's uh you know saying well look we don't like the way he looks. And let's uh let's throw the rascal in jail and stuff. <SEP> Right. And you also get a lot of uh juries are extremely uh. And from what I hear. I I have I have some friends who do expert wis- witness testimony. And they say that uh juries are extremely vulnerable to uh sort of emotional pitches you know. The prosecutor will want to oh I don't know show the show the mugging victim you know show what the nice person he was and what a family life and basically get the jury to be very sympathetic with the victim. And uh or or uh if it's a corporation that was uh you know har- harming some individual or something like that they get very much well you know. It's just a big faceless corp- corporation. Let's let's make them pay as much as possible. Things like that. Uh-huh. So not. I I mean I'm. The problem is I can't guarantee that a judge would be necessarily be much better than a jury. But I'd be real nervous having a jury not at least fully agree on what the settlements would be things like that. <SEP> Ri-. I uh I do- I I don't think the judge should just make the decision alone. Yeah. <SEP> Least with the jury you have twelve people you know that are going to decide you know. Uh-huh. You're the the person's fate. Well how about having a j- jury and a judge work together on it somehow? I wonder if that's possible? I guess the judge's time is worth too much though. <SEP> Exac-. Judge. They pay that judge they pay those jury members very little money compared to that judge. Right. Exactly. He makes more money in an hour than all twelve of them put together. <SEP> Probably. Yeah. Yeah. But uh no. It's it's sad though that uh that the people though that. You you somebody's life is in twelve people's hands. And sometimes those twelve people could care less. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And uh or they fool the the defense in thinking that they're you know. Because when they go through those processes they kind of pick out who they want. Oh of course. It's it's political maneuvering. The the one side is looking for someone whose face they think will you know want to hang everyone. And the other one is going to look for someone very sympathetic. They're not looking for someone who's going to be the most reasoned or sensible or rational juror. Neither side wants that. They want to find a juror that's going to uh be most persuadable by their arguments you know. <SEP> Exactly. Uh I wish it were a little bit harder to not serve on juries actually. I mean I know it it it's tricky. Because I know you know an awful lot of intelligent people who just well. I'm too busy to serve on a jury. Uh-huh. So I'll tell them that. And they won't or just you know just answer one of the questions the wrong way because you can do that you know. <SEP> Oh yeah. Well. They just say do you believe in such and such. Uh. I guess it's just that maybe people are you know upset at court you know. If it was if it was a a family member of theirs though that was innocent. And then they'd want to be on that jury. Right. Course they'd be they would be barred. But. <SEP> But uh if everyone would take it I think if everyone took it seriously. Uh-huh. And uh I mean something you have to do. Yeah. Well it sounds like we both need to get out there and serve on a jury. <SEP> Yeah. I hope we're called up before too long. I would love to be called. I'm ready to go. They just haven't called me up yet. They will they will eventually. <SEP> Okay. Well it was nice talking with you. It was nice talking to you. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.
sw2314.txt:Well I I don't think that it's it's wrong for a company to require drug testing for certain types of positions. For instance jobs that require use of heavy machinery and things like that where there's where there's uh endangerment to their own life and other people's lives. Uh I agree with that. People that are uh driving like uh truck drivers and things like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> I definitely think they should be tested. And I'm not I'm not opposed to any testing. I mean because I know I certainly wouldn't want to to uh you know be endangered by somebody in a company that accidentally dropped something on me or or you know because he was on drugs while he was there. Yeah. Uh. Well how do you how do you feel about uh companies drug testing prior to hiring? <SEP> Oh uh I was tested uh within my company. I think it's kind of a push to uh weed out drugs in states. And because I don't know of any other countries that are doing this. Uh-huh. And I I feel like it's really just within the United States. It's uh it's okay. I think your record should stand for itself. That you know if you've been tested at other companies and you've always come up negative or whatever then I don't see what the big deal is that they have to go to all the expense of testing you over and over and over. Uh-huh. <SEP> And once you've established the fact that you're not a drug user and especially if your personality proves that you're not. I think they could uh save money by not doing that. You know every time. Say if you change jobs you wouldn't have to do it if you'd just been tested at your other work place. Well what about random testing though. Oh. Do you feel like that's an in- invasion of certain people's rights if not everyone is tested? <SEP> Uh not if it's done fairly. And that's probably my question is how how do you know it's done fairly. I don't know that you do. If it's random then it's random. Yeah. And that's not necessarily fair. <SEP> Well they might tell you it's random. Uh-huh. But then you know it's kind of like a a lottery. Somebody in their lifetime may win millions of dollars where another person doesn't win anything and tries and tries and tries. You know. Yeah. <SEP> Well I ha- I know that for instance in the N C double A they drug test. And it's not random. Oh I see. How'd how did they how do they pick their people? Uh well I think all college players have to do an initial drug test at a certain point prior to the season. <SEP> Uh-huh. And from that point on uh at the N C double A does have something to do with it. But it's almost discretionary on the coach's part of each in- individu- individual institution to identify the ones that have the problem. Oh I see. So do you. And and the ones that test positive have to retest after a certain period of time. <SEP> Right. Well do you think that should be implemented in the work place. You know as like a manager or supervisor thinks or has suspicion that someone is using drugs. Do you think they should have the right to send them to be tested. Well not being a drug user I don't have a problem with that personally. <SEP> Right. But I think that might be a violation of someone's rights. If someone's having personal problems for some reason that's causing them to h- behave differently. Right. And their manager assumes they have a drug problem. <SEP> I mean if someone assumed that of me I would be upset. Right. Right. Yeah. It it would almost be like a a uh. It's an accusation. And and it's and it's based on on a perception that someone has as how a drug user would behave when some drug users behave uh normal uh you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then how would you feel afterwards when you came up negative and you know your supervisor has accused you of using drugs. Right. Exactly. I I don't. The I think almost the only way that drug testing can be done fairly is if it's across the board from from the janitors to the executive management. <SEP> Right. I agree with that. Because I know personally myself I've been in the same job for three years. It will be three years in August. And I've already been drug tested three times. What type of job do you have? Well I'm an environmental engineer. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I've been drug tested three times. And I know many people that have never been tested in their lifetime. And the company I work for is sixty thousand people plus. So see I for some reason I've come up three times. That's pretty high statistics. Well does your r- does your job require you to drive company equipment or to ap- operate any type of machinery that might endanger someone? No. <SEP> No. Not at all. Well that doesn't. I mean I. It's a legal job you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> So see it's really strange. That is odd. I was drug tested uh not for the job I have now but for the prior job uh. But I know that they sent that the job I had before that well. The job I have have now requested my uh uh my uh medical record from my old company. Oh uh-huh. So I don't know if I wasn't drug tested based on that or because the man who hired me didn't request the drug test because I know that my company does drug testing on occasion. <SEP> Right. Well does your the company say for instance does the company you worked for bef- before have the right or do they have the ability to say hey we've already drug tested her. And she came up negative. Well no. I don't think they can they can force another company to not drug test me just by saying that I I didn't I mean. Yeah. They don't know that I don't use drugs. They just tested me once. <SEP> Right. Right. But I used to work for a power company. So it was very important that they make sure their employees especially linemen uh were clean. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And since I was just you know one of the office folk I guess it wasn't as important to them that they test me regularly. But I know they test most of the service people fairly regularly reg- uh just across the board. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And are they tested random? No. They're. All of them are tested once every three mo-. They're. It's a rotation. <SEP> Oh okay. I see. But it. But again it depends on what job you're in. Yeah. The men that are out there fixing power lines are tested a lot. And the men that drive the trucks with with the guys that fix the power lines aren't tested as much. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But but see they make that clear to them as they hire those guys what what the drug testing schedule is. <SEP> Oh I see. They say we we're testing you tomorrow. And we'll test you every three months thereafter while you work here. Uh-huh. Okay. So they know that. And that's. Yeah. It's it's made very clear upon hiring. <SEP> Uh-huh. Okay. Well. Well have we spent our at least five minutes? Yeah. Okay. <SEP> I think so. Yeah. Seven twenty-five. Okay. Okay. Nice speaking to you. Nice talking to you. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw3283.txt:Okay. We're talking about capital punishment. Right. How do you feel about that Lenore? <SEP> I am very much for capital punishment. Well wonderful. I am too one hundred percent. My Dad retired from the federal prison of bureaus. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I've been raised around prison prisons all my life. All your life. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I believe if you don't have a punishment befitting the crime there's not any deterrent. There's no deterrent. That's right. There's just no deterrent. <SEP> That's right. And so many of those kind of people they got they have a better life in prison than they have on the street anyway. So you know unless they really make it rough on them that's not a going to prison for a little while is not much of a deterrent I don't think. Especially not a federal prison. Right. Well I don't know what Oklahoma's laws are. But Texas's I don't know are. I don't know. It's it's no one's f-. I mean it's not the judge's fault I don't think. It's just the way the law is down here. Man our cr- our uh prisons are so crowded that uh they can commit some pretty serious crimes and be set free within a year to two. <SEP> Well see we were under uh the state's prisons were under a mandate to uh. It was over crowded. And the federal came in and said hey you know you have either got to build more prisons or let people go. Well that's what ours did same thing. And finally our governor at the time which who is not in office now came in and said okay where we draw the line is no sex offenders will be let loose. Under early bail you know or early uh get out. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh we have. The death penalty is not given often. Huh-uh. <SEP> But there have been w-. It's not here either really. And you know I. Maybe it should be uh well it should be given you know I I won't say sparingly. But I do believe it should be befitting the crime. I do too. And and you know but the way the courts are set up they've they've got so many chances for appeal. But I think th- I think it needs to be expedited. You know if they've been convicted and given an appeal and they're still convicted of of a crime that's deserving of of a lethal injection let's do it and not waste so many years to do it. <SEP> Right. Of course you know they're they're entitled to a speedy trial. That's right. But then they're they're also entitled to drag it through the courts for years and years and years on appeals. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So somehow you know it doesn't really balance out too much. Yeah. <SEP> That's right. Somehow it just doesn't. It works and then again it takes too long for it to work. And it seems even though you know that they got. The prisoner himself can come to the point that hey I'm tired. I just want out. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know I'm tired of fighting it. Uh-huh. Then the system just keeps on. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. It equ-. <SEP> And at that point you know I I really think there needs to be maybe a shorter appeal process. I do too. I think that needs to. And I don't see why it couldn't be shortened considerably. But you know. Well part of that is the overcrowding of the court system. Yea-. That's true. It is overcrowded because there's so much drug uh problem with the people on drugs. Because that ha-. They with the drugs they're they're robbing and killing. And uh that's why it's filled the prisons up so much I think. <SEP> Uh it doesn't it doesn't help them any at all. No. It doesn't. And of course your court system when you get into the appeals. I don't believe criminal is in a court by itself. And the whole judicial system is backed up with a lot of junk that shouldn't be in there. Yeah. That's true. With all these lawsuits and people suing people over ridiculous things. But. <SEP> We've gotten into a very litigious uh type of life. Boy haven't that we though. We really have. But anyway I'm glad to hear that you agree with me on the capital punishment. Well I just. I'm I'm very muchly for it. Always have been. <SEP> Always will be. I just feel like their crime and punishment. And if if you don't have the punishment you double your crime. And the you know that is just personal feeling. It's not going on facts. I think the facts would probably back it up. It could be supportive. It it's it's supported with facts though. <SEP> But. What? It could very easily be supported with facts. <SEP> Well yes. I.
sw3887.txt:Well I guess we're uh forced to finally to do a lot about air pollution. I hear that the major automobile manufacturers are looking at nonpolluting cars. And low polluting fuels are being experimented with Ethanol and other types of fuels. Yeah. One of the things they asked me to ask you was where you thought the major source was coming from? Or sources. I you know I assume that the major sources are cars and factories. <SEP> That's what I would think. But I I don't know for sure. <SEP> I just know that um acid rain apparently is a big problem in Canada from would. Comes over the border from us. Right. Yeah. I think the automobile definitely is an area and any any industry that burns you know. And then I don't know about chemical pollution. I'm not real into that as far as how it affects the air. I know we have a lot of chemical the indoor type pollution. They have offices that are too well insulated. They found people are getting sick. Yeah. <SEP> But I don't know if that affects outside. You know I I think seems to think seems to me that's what they were asking about was outside. And the thing I can the only thing I can think of would be cars and factories. Yeah. The smokestacks or the exhaust pipes. Yeah. Um I guess there's been a lot of pressure to um do away with the C F C's in these spray bottles which has been a real problem. <SEP> Right. Yeah. That is well that's destroying the ozone isn't it? Again I that's what I hear. And and there's this big debate apparently about whether the ozone there's a hole in the ozone or not. But at last I heard it was uh discovered that the hole was bigger than they thought initially. <SEP> Yeah. That's wh-. It's kind of scary. Well it is scary. And I think it will uh continue to force us to clean up our act literally and figuratively. <SEP> Yeah. We've got to learn to manage without destroying the environment. I think something too that you probably see in older states all we we do it down here once in a while we will have a cold spell is where people will use their fireplaces. I I I'm wondering whether it's going to get to the point where you can't do that. <SEP> I think it will. In Los Angeles they're apparently going to. They've passed laws that for habit for example people using uh barbecues gasoline lawn mowers um. Uh-huh. And it's really bad in places like Los Angeles. And it's gotten bad in Denver. <SEP> Right. And and uh it's not too bad around here although you see it you know more and more in the sky. And people in this country are really wedded to their uh cars. Right. And our economy seems to. And this I think is one of the big problems. <SEP> Yeah. In this area too since you know in Texas we're so spread out. Yeah. We have to drive so far. But I know in Colorado I have witnessed that where it just uh it just stacks up at the when the Rockies starts. But we're even getting it here. We can drive into when we've been on vacation or something drive into Fort Worth or Dallas. And you can tell it in the mornings too. My husband likes to go out and jog. And there's just a brown fog here. And we don't even have any mountains that are holding it in. Yeah. <SEP> But they also said that more dense the population and the more we crowd together the worse it gets. Well that makes a lot of sense. I mean I I hadn't thought about it that way. But it it. You don't have to have mountains that are stopping it. Yeah. <SEP> And uh they make uh making more and more high-rise buildings. And uh so yeah. We can comment. And we didn't see this a few years ago. No. And I think. It was pretty clear here. Yeah. And I think that that more and more it's becoming apparent to people that the earth which includes all the people on it and everything that's going on it is a is an organism of sorts and that there is a a whole set of organic relationships that if we start to destroy one part of it it's going to tell us about it. <SEP> Right. And uh we're going to feel it. And I think it's going to be real interesting and particularly in light of what is obviously going to be a big structural change in the economy uh in this country uh whether people are willing to get out of their cars. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And in this country uh the the solution that that people seem to think work are politically unacceptable. For example taxing people heavily for using their cars. Yeah. And uh I have a little sports car that I enjoy using. And I know just like anybody else how much fun it is to drive. But I think uh we're going to have to make some fundamental changes. And and I'm I'm not sure how long it's going to take or what it's going to take because they keep saying that the economy is going to depend on how many cars and houses we sell. <SEP> Yeah. And it's a shame too when you do see somebody driving a big car just one person in that. It's a lot of waste. But.
sw3351.txt:Hello Lynn. Yes. Okay. Do you have any pets? <SEP> Yes. I have a dog and cat now. Oh what are their names? Tibby and Liberty. Which is the dog and which is the cat? <SEP> Tibby is the dog. And Liberty is the cat. Uh wife and I we have we have two cats. Oh. Uh one's real nice. But the other one is a well. She's pretty wild. <SEP> Oh. Ours are pretty calm. Yeah. Are they um just house pets? Uh-huh. Yeah. That's that's what ours are too. <SEP> Yeah. Our cat we got from the pound the day bef- the night she was going to be put to sleep. So that's why we call her Liberty. Oh really. Oh well that's a nice nice story. Um. <SEP> Do you want to hear about my other animals I've had? Sure. Sure. I've had a skunk. Yeah. <SEP> I've had a Burmese python. I've had rats. I've had mice. Wow. Uh let's see. I've had gerbils. I have I had a son he's now gone from the home that was an animal lover. Uh-huh. <SEP> So at one point I had a snake skunk dog and cat running loose in the house. Wow. Um do the skunk uh was it kind of like a cat to have around the house? <SEP> Yes. Yeah. It was litter trained. Yeah. <SEP> And we had it perfumed. Uh-huh. And uh it was very aggressive. Right. <SEP> But all the all three of them dog cat and skunk used to chase each other all through the house. Uh-huh. And the skunk. And the only thing we have with the skunk he was very very protective of his territory being the sofa and the blanket on the sofa. Oh yeah. <SEP> Um. Nobody came near it when he was there. Oh. Uh I had I had a dog one time. And uh he chased after a after a skunk and got sprayed. <SEP> Oh. So we had to we had to give him a tomato tomato juice bath and uh get him cleaned up. Yeah. They um ours would still back up to the dog or cat when he got mad and try to perfume them. But the glands had been removed. Uh-huh. <SEP> So. Right. But I suppose it was still in the instinct of them to to back up and get ready. Right. <SEP> One other question we had is Why do you have pets? Yeah. Why I don't know. I I think they're kind of nice to have. They're kind of you know just relaxing to I don't know to pet and to. I don't know. When they like sit up on your lap and stuff like that just kind of enjoyable to you know have like. I don't know. Something giving you some affection as well. Yeah. I always said if I di- Well I always said if I died I'd come back as a dog. What what do you think? <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. That'd be the best way to be. Yeah. Um do you like big dogs or or little dogs? <SEP> Well we had a German Shepherd. And he had dysplasia. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he had it for about three or four years where we just about had to lift him and carry him every place he went. Really. So when he died we got a little one. Yeah. <SEP> But our shepherd was almost thirteen years old. And it just you know was almost cruel because. Uh-huh. Almost cruel for him to to walk. <SEP> Yeah. He just he couldn't get up. He couldn't walk. So he was a hundred and twenty pounds. So it was a chore. Wow yeah. So we said the next time around we'd get something little that if something happened it would be easier to carry. Sure. <SEP> Yeah. And then we've had three cats in our married life. And we've got a calico now. Yeah. We've got a calico cat too. <SEP> Do you? Yeah. Yeah. She's the she's the nice one. We uh we used to live in an apartment. And like our cats never went outside. But um the neighbors used to let their dogs out. And our neighbors were I don't know kind of slimy. And uh our cats wound up getting fleas uh from the apartment that we were in. Um. So we had to we had to flea bath them. And it was uh it was an experience that they didn't enjoy at all. <SEP> Yeah. Well don't even talk to me. I when I was single I had gone away for the weekend. Yeah. And my husband then fiance was to keep my cat. And he let her out. And my house was loaded with fleas. I mean you walked in. And your legs were just black. Really. <SEP> And we had such a time and never got the cat back. Really. Yeah. I found it you know in the street. Oh. <SEP> I was a social worker at the time and found it.
sw2264.txt:Well since you live close I don't know if you know um about what Louisville is doing with recycling. Or are you familiar with any of that? Well I know that we have some relatives that live around like the area in there. Huh-uh. <SEP> I know they're doing some curbside recycling as a kind of a test there. Yeah. You know I read you know. When they first started doing that in the paper and I read about that. I was just praying that that would be in our area because we've been recycling for quite some time. And you know we separate everything out and then have to haul it up to a Metco you know which is a real pain. Huh-uh. So if they would come up curbside recycling. <SEP> They'll help you recycle because we there is some bins like behind Wal-Mart that take some things. Well now have they moved them behind Wal-Mart? <SEP> Yeah. Oh God. Because I finally asked because you know we had all of those milk cartons. And there was nowhere else to take them. And they had it in front of Wal-Mart. And I ask in Wal-Mart. And they said they moved it just behind. Oh. That's really nice to know because we were doing the same thing. Because to take it to a Metco you have to take it when they're open you know which is always a real pain. <SEP> Huh-uh. And so when that thing came up in Wal-Mart parking lot we thought oh this is great. And we started taking them up there. And then all the sudden it disappeared you know. I didn't know. And we're going oh no there goes our recycling place. Yeah. That's really nice to find out that it's behind there. Well we pretty much do um plastic milk cartons and um um um newspapers. I couldn't even think of what you call them. <SEP> Yeah. Plastic milk cartons newspapers and cans and glass I guess is the four is really the four things that we do. Like aluminum cans? Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> That's about what we do too. And really that's about that's really about it. Is there anything any place else that really takes anything other than that that you know of? Well I guess um down in kind of in North Dallas there is a place that will take almost anything. Oh really. <SEP> Uh I don't we just don't have the room to store all that much you know. I know. I don't want to be running down there every week or whatever. I know. I know. <SEP> We're kind of the same way. You know at first you know you. At first it was a real it was a real hassle. And I'm wondering are we really going to do this. But you kind of get I guess into a little routine you know where it becomes is automatic now to throw different things in different places. Yeah. You know. So I just go you know. We have a pretty good size pantry in our kitchen. And I've just got three trash cans sitting in there. You know we just kind of dump things in each one if you know if we get them. <SEP> Yeah. So. Those milk cartons take up so much room. Oh they do too. <SEP> And they're impossible to crush. I mean you can't get the down to any size you know. If you get four milk cartons and that fills up trash bag you know pretty easily. So. You know. I guess we kind of started recycling after I moved here about a year and a half ago. Oh really. <SEP> We were using baby food. And there was so many baby food jars kind of what started it. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Some of our neighbors were doing it. And so you know when I found out some places to take it. And um like um they also take some things at the Flower Mound dump behind the fire station there. And I know that they're going to use you know the money for that to build some kind of multipurpose field and that type of thing. Put lights and stuff. Oh that will be good. So you know if I'm not going to get the money for aluminum I would just assume give it to the city of Flower Mound. To do something with you know. Sure. <SEP> Let somebody get something out of it. Yeah. That's true. And they won't raise our taxes. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Ha-ha. Well I was kind of hoping with. You know do you work for T I? <SEP> No. I don't. I have a friend of mine told me about this program is the reason that I'm. No. Yeah. There was a. T I has got this organization called T A D which is T I'ers Against Drugs. And you know we're recycling aluminum cans up here and uh just what you would buy out of the machines and drink here. And there was crushers out in all of the hallways you know. And that's. They use the money from that to fund this T I'ers Against Drugs Program. It's. You know T I doesn't give them any money all everything is made from that. And they had talked about having a thing like one Saturday a month you could come and drop your aluminum cans off from home you know. <SEP> Yeah. And I'm kind of like yeah. I shall. They would do that because at least somebody was getting the money out of it you know. That was going to use it for good. So. Sorry. Sounds like you have a little one just like I do. <SEP> She'll be two in July. Yeah. Mine was two in December. Oh. Well it was good to talk to you. <SEP> Well it was nice to talk to you. I know they've started over in Richardson where my dad lives. They pick up newspapers I think. Oh do they really. Curbside pick up? Yeah. I really hope they do that in Louisville. It would make it a lot easier on all of us. <SEP> Talk to you later. Okay. Bye-bye.
sw2177.txt:Cindy have you seen DANCES WITH WOLVES? No. I haven't. Have you? Oh that is a wonderful movie. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's not. The length isn't too long? No. Uh-huh. Oh goodness no. <SEP> Uh. Well we all heard different opinions about it. You don't even you don't even realize it you know. Uh. Really. <SEP> Uh-huh. One that you know. Yeah. It was too long. And they thought that you know at certain points that it was going to end. And it didn't. And it kept going on. And. Uh-huh. Oh I thought it was great. Really. Yeah. <SEP> Now I've seen you know some different clips of it um. And it it looks good. It's just I haven't had the time to go to the movies lately. Well yeah. And I heard a story about there's a there's a certain scene in the movie where there's um where they're they're on a buffalo hunt. Uh-huh. And they have a particular child actor uh who's who's being supposedly run down by a buffalo. <SEP> Uh-huh. And when they were trying to film that the buffalo that they used for that scene was Neil Young's buffalo. Uh-huh. I can't remember what they said his name was. But he has a fetish for Oreo cookies. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh. And he got him to run like he was running down the kid by luring him with oreo cookies. Hey. That'd work for me. Let me tell you. I thought that was really funny. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Now I've seen another clip of um the guy that plays in MURPHY BROWN. I don't know his name. But he played the uh the the character in it that was very like gross I mean very dirty. An-. Oh yeah. Oh I saw the one clip of him. And ugh. It was first. I guess he was taking Kevin Costner to like the site where he was going to be or whatever. Oh yeah. <SEP> That was rather um gross. Yeah. The wagon the wagon driver. Yeah. Yeah. But other than that I've heard the the you know the um the scenery in it is absolutely beautiful. Yeah. <SEP> And uh the costuming yeah was. Uh-huh. Really. The only thing about the costuming my husband remarked that it didn't that that um the Indians all appeared to be wearing new things. <SEP> Oh really. And they should have taken them out and rolled them in the dirt a little more probably to age to age the material. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So they they did very authentic reproductions of the of the actual stuff. The styles. Uh-huh. But they didn't they didn't age it quite enough it seemed. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But it was a very good movie. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well I guess I will have to see it then. What have you seen lately? Um actually have been to the movies um. I think the last movie I saw was MISERY. Oh I didn't see that. <SEP> Oh very suspenseful. I don't I don't like Stephen King. I really don't either. But I went with someone. And once I was there I couldn't believe. I mean it's an excellent movie. Really. <SEP> Yeah. I wasn't sure. Because uh just generally you know that kind of scary stuff I I just don't want to have anything to do with it. It's not necessarily it's not necessarily scary as it is suspenseful. I mean it's not. Yeah. I think I heard somebody talking about that she cuts his foot off or something you know. <SEP> No. In in the book apparently she cuts his feet off. But in the movie she she disables him but not by cutting his feet. Um. Um she she breaks both of his ankles. Ugh. <SEP> And that I couldn't watch. And but you know you could tell when it was coming. Yeah. So yeah um. That was so that he couldn't leave her. Cause she. It still just seems a little twisted to me. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I mean Yeah. I'm not sure I would have enjoyed that at all. Well as far as that goes. Yeah. I mean you wouldn't like to see anybo- anything happen to anybody. But it was just how she got so caught up. Her emotions. Yeah. <SEP> And you know and and she feel madly in love with this writer. Uh-huh. And there was this. But she was a killer. And the the character was you know prior to that had had been someone that had killed other people. Yeah. <SEP> But no one knew that. Oh yeah. So. But. So yeah. We just haven't had the time to go to the movies lately. I know. We don't see movies at the movies a lot. <SEP> Uh-huh. The last. We did go see DANCES WITH WOLVES. And we went to see NOT WITHOUT MY DAUGHTER. But mostly we wait until they come out on video tape. And then we rent them. Right. Right. Now I want to see SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY. Oh yeah. <SEP> Uh yeah. That looks really good too. That looks good. And there were a couple others that I just haven't had the time. And SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. <SEP> Now see I. I'm I'm intrigued by it. But I'm not sure I want to go see it yet. Yeah. I don't think I want to see that either. I know. I don't think I could. I think uh. Well now we had some friends that went to see it. And they said it was okay. <SEP> Really. So it might not be as. I think they may be playing up um some aspects of the movie that aren't the main aspects. Really. <SEP> Uh-huh. Now we went to see the JAGGED EDGE. Oh I liked that movie. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. So it's it seems like you know that kind of the thriller suspense and not not real um strange in other ways. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh um. Well I guess that's about it. It was nice. Okay. Maybe we'll talk to you again. Okay. It was nice talking to you. Alright. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2782.txt:Ready to talk? I guess so. Okay. <SEP> Okay. Uh I want to talk about um our family budget and the times that it's worked and the times that it hasn't worked and give you a general description of it. Okay. <SEP> Yeah. And you can help me out a little. Bit. Tell me how yours works. <SEP> Okay. Well at the my-. I introduced you a little bit to it a few minutes ago when I said that we are uh we're on the east coast now. Uh-huh. My husband quit a perfectly wonderful job and decided that. Well we both decided we wanted to move to North Carolina. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so naturally we put ourselves. We looked at our budget. Yeah. And so what we did was draw up a budget that we thought uh was realistic. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh so we had to make some adjustments. Because we really are kind of looking for something that we want to do and he wants to do that's satisfactory. And we've been here seven months. And he's still hasn't hit up on anything permanently. Oh no. So you see. <SEP> That throws the budget out of whack real fast. Well we actually planned for about one year. Oh good. Uh that God because it never occurred to it never occurred to us that it would take seven months. <SEP> Really. That was smart. <SEP> Yeah. And uh what we did was just uh decide wh- how we had been spending our money before. Uh-huh. And then we put that on the computer. And then we took about three months and uh and adjusted where we could come down and where we didn't want to come down. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. Yeah. And we really uh lessened it uh our living expenses uh more than what we thought we would. <SEP> Wow that's great. But. Did you have a special program on your computer to do that. Or was this just your own design of. Oh just our own design. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Gosh. And the. So but we've had budgets that didn't work when our uh you know. Of. Our first fifteen years or eighteen years of being married nothing worked. <SEP> Yeah. We spent too much money until our children went to college. Yeah. So. So tell me about. <SEP> Yeah. Do you all uh have a budget? Well we've been married for five and a half years. And we started out without kids of course and found it much easier to save and used to do a lot more fun kinds of of things and uh did really um you know have a real strict budg- but budget. But uh the. About and. To our. Wh- wh- wh- wh- when we first got married we were in graduate school. And we were just you know dirt poor. Then when we got our first jobs after about a year of marriage we decided we'd bank my salary so we could buy a house. So we virtually did that for about two years which worked real well and then moved from California where we realized we could never buy a house anyway no matter how much we saved and moved to Texas bought a house immediately you know which of course is now devalued with the housing market. Wonderful. <SEP> Yes. So I don't know if we we did a good thing to buy a house or not. But at least we've got a place to live. Um so now since uh we have a three year old and a two year old now um. Three and a two year old. <SEP> Uh-huh. Bang. Bang. That's that's that threw our budget really out of whack too. An we um have been just forced to budget much more because I quit working to be home with the kids. And um we just really have uh. I don't know. We we've tried different times. We've done like a survey of like taking you know the past three months of where all the money went. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we really don't spend on anything much of a luxury or anything at all. But it seems like there's um times when we just have to get out where we'll go and like get a baby-sitter and we'll go and we'll blow you know fifty sixty dollars in one night going out to eat going to a show or doing something you know. Well I think that's important for your budget to be realis-. For it to work though you have to do something. Yeah. That's the hard part because when we sit down to make it we try to make it real spartan and real narrow so we can put a certain amount in savings every week. And then it's not really that realistic. Because we do find that we want to go and do something or splurge for you know birthday for somebody. Or you know even we we even do things real frugally for the kids. We get a lot of toys and clothes and stuff at garage sales or from friends because they don't know the difference at this age you know whether they're JORDACHE new or whether they're you know something. Of course not. <SEP> And they're both boys. So they just one year after the other in each other's clothes. So. But um that's the hardest part for us is that it's really um you know budgeting and some extra things you know for- that are more you know nonessential items. Well I found uh that in the place that it was harder for me to stick to a budget was not where we were concerned but where maybe our friends were concerned and our relatives and parents. Uh-huh. Uh we we tended to want to keep on giving lavish gifts as we had done before. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I really believe that if you're going to cut down on yourself you need to cut down somewhat on your friends. On your friends. That's true. That's true. Well we have so many unexpected things come up so often it seems with. We both have older cars. And something will come up and wind up having to spend a thousand dollars you know on the car in two months or something. Yes. <SEP> And you know a lot of things like that that really ar- are hard to plan for. And uh. Well I really do. I think you have to budget those things though. Yeah. Kind of put in a certain amount per year. Yes. <SEP> You're going to have on extra expenses for car. Exactly. Although so much per month anyway. Yeah. Yeah. And uh that really should be in your bu-. But if you don't spend it it should be in your bank account at the end of the month. <SEP> Yeah. Our biggest way of saving money is then to stop all these deductions um you know is to. Let's see. Now I forget which way we do it. We don't list all the deductions. And then we get more money back you know at the end of the year. Oh no. No. No. No. So that's not a good way to. You don't want the government to spend your money. You want to be able. <SEP> That's what my husband said. So this last year he changed it of course. We didn't get hardly and then nearly as much back. And it was like oh no. Better find another way of saving money. Well uh but I do realize that that is realistic for some people. Yeah. And it was for us many years for many years. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Uh and if and if that's the only way that will it will make you save and have a little nest egg at the end of the the year then doggone it that's what you should do. <SEP> Yeah. Because we don't miss it. We really don't when it's just taking out of the paycheck and stuff. So. But we're trying to put a little money away for the kids because we can en- envision the uh expenses for college already you know eighteen years away or whatever. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well I was just reading an article in uh a North Carolina pap- paper today where a high school student obtained over two hundred thousand dollars worth of scholarships for herself by sitting up at night and typing at uh letters of applications to universities. <SEP> Gosh. She was o- she was third out of a class of two hundred and twenty. So it can be done. I guess. Where there's a will where there's a will there's a way right? <SEP> That's fantastic. Yeah. Well I have enjoyed talking to you. <SEP> Well I enjoyed talking to you too. Good luck. And don't spend any money this weekend. Oh I know. We'll have to stay home and mow the yard. Oh boy. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw3069.txt:Yeah. Yes. I talked with um I talked with people from Richardson and Plano. And uh the first three days. And then yesterday I talked with someone with from Pennsylvania. So. Yeah. Because. It's the. <SEP> I've only made. This is only my third call. Oh. I I tried to make calls two different days. And I couldn't get through. Oh I know. Sometimes I just. I'm in. It just takes a very long time. So. <SEP> Does it? Yeah. I've been trying to you know do that. And and sometimes I just can't wait that long. Yeah. I know. So I just hang up. Because it keeps going through the thing over and over again. Well. <SEP> This is hilarious. But I knew as soon as I heard your voice. I thought Kathy's it's Kathy Kester. Oh. Well tell me what books have you read lately? <SEP> Well let's see. I um gosh I can't even think. I haven't read any. And you're such a reader I know that. And I. Well I don't read all that much for enjoyment. I mean I read a lot for school. But gee I just don't have much time for enjoyment reading. Yeah. The the last book I picked up was a book by Judy Bloom. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it was um it was called um SMART WOMEN I think. Um or something like that. Um. Yeah. <SEP> And it was it was kind of. I really didn't like it at all. Huh. It was it was written back in the early eighties. Oh yeah. <SEP> And it was all this this um divorced woman syndrome of the um. Oh yeah. It was almost like a a pre-AIDS scare kind of thing. Interesting. <SEP> It was really an interesting. Because I I right away looked at when it was copyrighted. Because I could tell by the theme of almost when it was written. Uh-huh. Yes. Yes. Yeah. <SEP> And it was all about women searching for themselves. And um you know a lot of hanky-panky going on. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. That kind of was um kind of a pop psychology time for wh- when a lot of books like that were coming out I think. That's right. And so that makes real sense that that's um when it was written. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Um I haven't wasn't really aware that she had written anything for um adults. I was always just more aware of her jer- you know. Uh-huh. For her young people her books. <SEP> Yeah. And she's more famous for that. Uh-huh. But she has been writing for adults also. I'll be darned. <SEP> And so I thought hey I'll just try this you know and see what it was like. Yeah. It was very um. The style was very conversational. Uh-huh. <SEP> You would have lots of conversations between people rather than any description. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> You know how that is. And um. Yeah. I wonder if she's written anything really recently if she's got anything printed in print. Yeah. She has. Because I I remember seeing a new book by her that was out. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I think it was a it was an adult book. I'll be darned. So anyway. Yeah. <SEP> But that's the last thing I I've read. Yeah. And um. Well it's. I'm trying to think the last actual book I read that wasn't. Let's see I think I read oh. When I was on vacation um between semester break and summer you know on semester break between spring and summer. <SEP> Yeah. And I went to my mother's. I read a book that I have should have read when I was probably in high school. I read um JANE EYRE. I. No. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. JANE EYRE? No. No. No. No. It wasn't JANE EYRE. <SEP> WUTHERING HEIGHTS? No. It was um uh PRIDE AND PREJUDICE by Jane Austen. Oh yeah. <SEP> By Jane Austen. Yes. That's what it was. Yes. Yes. And um you know I I didn't know what to expect except I had heard that that Jane Austen was such a wonderful novelist. And she really was good. I mean I was was very much impressed with the way her plot was put together so intricately. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um and you know I just. But I as I say I was pretty much ashamed that I hadn't read something before then. Yeah. <SEP> Because I I think I was I think I read it in college or had to write it read it in high school or college. Uh-huh. But I don't remember it. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> And then when Jennie had to read it at Gettysburg and I got her the I got her someone. Uh-huh. I think it was um oh some actress reading it. Oh how interesting. <SEP> You know they had an abridged version of it on tape. Yeah. And so I got that for her. And she loved doing that. Oh I'll bet. Yeah. <SEP> But I remember that was the book. Yeah. And now I I mean I think it's around here somewhere. Right. I wouldn't be surprised. <SEP> I'm just going to have to put it in the car sometimes and listen to it. Yeah. Sure. Oh yeah. <SEP> But um. Well I read that. And then I'm trying to think um. Usually I try to to find something long that I'm going to. Uh-huh. When. If if I have long periods of time like Christmas vacation or you know when I know I'm not going to be doing anything for a while um. <SEP> Yeah. Oh that's what I do too. Yeah. And that's about it because otherwise I'm reading so much for school. I'm um I have just started reading a book. Actually it's for school. But it's for um. There's a a literary jour-. Well not a literary journal. It's a it's kind of a journal of of the history of ideas that's that's starting to be published um from U T D. The first issue doesn't come out until next year. But um. Oh yeah. I'm doing some reviews of books just to what to sort of recommend to wh- whether or not a full-scale review should be done for the journal. <SEP> Oh how neat. And I've. Yeah. It's really neat because these are brand new books. And I just got a I got a th- this one. Oh great. Um most of the stuff is on uh literary criticism and philosophy and religion and all that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. This one is on Johann Sebastian Bach. And it's a a a biography that is really interesting. <SEP> Oh great. Oh that's fascinating. I mean it it's fascinating. It really is. <SEP> Oh. Um but it's so long. I I don't really have the time to read the whole thing. But I think eventually I'll go back to it. Yeah. But it's it was written. <SEP> Yeah. I mean the the copyright is nineteen ninety-one. So it's a brand new book. Oh it's a brand new book. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh that that would be wonderful to read something like that. Yeah. And he really this man really shed some light on um some aspects of of Bach's genius and and and you know the and more sociological things you know like the the idea that um that music to be a musician was as much um of a family occupation as anything. <SEP> Yeah. I mean you know that was it was families had just loads of musicians. Yes. <SEP> Yeah. And they just went from generation probably to generation just with these with these all passing it from one to the other. Yeah. That's right. <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. And um. Yeah. That's the way it was I'm sure back then. Yeah. So uh. <SEP> Yeah. Oh that's interesting. It was just really interesting. If that's you know that's kind of what. But I have to. Not only am am I re- reading it to decide whether or not it should be reviewed but also um because the board of advisers for this um journal doesn't have right now doesn't have a really respected name um who's a uh a scholar on on music. Uh-huh. Um and I'm supposed to decide whether I think this man might be a worthy person to be a you know in that position on the board. So. <SEP> Oh yeah. I don't know if I want to take that responsibility or not. But. But at least I can tell them what I think. Wow that's rough. <SEP> That's real rough. So um it's real interesting. Yeah. <SEP> Well that's a neat thing to be involved in. Because I think our I think my alma mater um Gettysburg I think they were just starting a magazine that was similar to that. Yeah. It is. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I think that's probably a sort of a thing to do in small colleges. Yes. <SEP> Yeah. But um. That it. You know you see you see a lot of small colleges doing things like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. Uh-huh. Yeah. Because it attracts really a a lot people's interest. That's one way. It's really good public relations for small schools. <SEP> Oh yeah. I think so. Yeah. But uh another one of my projects this summer is actually it's part of my research assistantship is um it's helping a professor uh compile a bunch of translations of of various poems for a book that he's writing. And so I'm learning the names if not the actual contents of a lot of different poems and a lot of French people. <SEP> Oh. Now translations what do you mean translations of of. Um well where where for instance um a Baudelaire poem that was written in the French and then has been translated into English by various people. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh I see. And the translations are all so different from one another. All different. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh that's interesting. So it's multiple translations of single works. And and that's right now right now pretty much what I'm doing as far as um. My work is just kind of compiling all that for him. Gosh. So. <SEP> That's great. It's real interesting. Boy you really lift me up to a different. <SEP> I mean here I I'm dealing with uh cleaning the stove. And. Oh well let me tell you There are days when I would be prefer really doing that. <SEP> You know I'm I wish I were dealing with Baudelaire. <SEP> That would be nice. I don't know if I've told you. But um this is not on the subject.
sw3038.txt:Okay. Okay. So tell me about CHINA CRY. <SEP> Okay. CHINA CRY was basically the the true story written by this this lady who had uh was a native a native Chinese uh uh who was raised by Christian parents. Uh-huh. And her her time frame was prior to the nineteen forty-nine revolution. I see. <SEP> Although she herself had never really accepted Jesus or gone through any of the other uh Christian uh portions of of the faith repentance baptisms et cetera et cetera. She had always felt a very strong uh leaning in this direction. And whenever the cultural revolution of nineteen forty-nine occurred and most churches were either banned or their all the clergy and so forth were killed or or imprisoned or and the property confiscated she was safe because she had you know not officially joined the the Christian movement. Uh-huh. So anyway she as she grew up towards maturity her parents well. Her dad was a doctor. And and he was rather well you know rather well to do in the old regime. And the the Chin- the commu- the communist Chinese didn't like this at all. You know the bourgeoisie was was was definitely out of uh style then. Right. <SEP> Everybody was back to a commonality of one. And so they kept picking at him picking at his at her mother and uh finally uh started picking on her. And getting her to you know. Uh-huh. They were starting to uh accuse her of of of uh crimes and atrocities before the the revolution and and had her write her own story over and over and over. Uh and the uh the major point of the movie was that that she had uh married this this Chinese fellow and was with child when they started this mass court. Now I think I'm leaving out a portion. She gr- she went through college and graduated very high up in her class and had uh gotten a job as as an instructor. And they had her teaching or were starting to have her teach history for the soldiers. When the they decided that that she needed to start recanting of all of her pre uh regime crimes as it were. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Being a child you know. So they kept on and on at at her. And in the meantime she and her husband uh were ex- ex- were expecting a child their own child. And uh the the people kept harassing her over you know over a period of months. And finally they uh carried her uh out into the courtyard to to either really to shoot her or to go through the motions of of shooting her uh with by firing or you know executing her by firing squad. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh the Lord just said no. This is not going to happen even though this lady has not really you know. She's she's one of mine. She is not going to die. And uh the the soldiers were blinded when they shot. Huh. And she her life was spared. And this this frightened the the uh the commandant. And so he called this kind of stuff off and just put her in the labor camp. Huh. <SEP> Well uh and course here's this this woman who is heavy with child dragging rocks around. Huh. Well she she put in for going going to uh. And her husband had escaped to Hong Kong uh. And then she put in to go see him. And over time she uh uh. Finally through her perseverance and writing enough letters to enough different people embarrassed enough of the the middle uh bureauc- bureaucracy that they finally let her go. Huh. <SEP> And of course she had to walk. You know they they stripped her of everything practically besides the the clothes on her back. And uh so she so she went across the border to her husband and another and other child that they'd already had uh to freedom. Uh-huh. Oh. <SEP> And they knew that she wasn't going to come back. But yeah she did years later when the uh liberalization you know in real life liberalization of China happened. Uh-huh. And uh she was not persecuted or anything else like that. Huh. Interesting story. <SEP> Yes. It was. Uh very moving too. I uh I don't even remember seeing that advertised. And it was probably here and gone fairly quickly. Well it was within oh ninety days. Oh. That recent. <SEP> Yeah. No. I mean it's it was it was advertised over a period of about ninety days. Oh I see what you mean. But it wasn't. Uh they didn't have it in uh too awfully many movie houses. But it was it was in the. It had large uh uh uh press release. Uh-huh. Well uh I guess what I what I saw most recently and luckily I saw it only a week ago so I'd remember remember it well was uh sort of light by comparison. <SEP> Okay. Uh-huh. Uh my husband and I had this great desire to go see a comedy. And and uh we ended up going to see GREEN CARD. <SEP> GREEN CARD? GREEN CARD. Uh-huh. And uh he chose it. And uh it's got this wonderful French actor who's. It was his like his. And he's been a star in France and a wonderful actor who we've enjoyed for years. But he's never made an American film. This was his American film debut. <SEP> Oh I see. Uh-huh. And he speaks very broken English. And basically he played uh a Frenchman who married an American girl uh in a marriage of convenience so that he could get his green card which is what an alien needs to work in this country. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. And uh because she could claim she was married she could get uh an apartment or a condominium in a very exclusive building in New York that had a garden an an an outside garden which is very unusual there. Uh-huh. So she was a horticulturist. And that was sort of her dream. <SEP> Oh I see. Uh-huh. Of course you know they got married. And they never saw each other again. Except except fate through them together. And the Immigration and national- Naturalization Service uh started investigating. So they had to get back together and get their stories straight. <SEP> And and she was a very svelte sophisticated urban New Yorker. Oh. And he was a a poor Frenchman who had grown up on the on the streets and sort of pulled himself up by his bootstraps and claimed to be a composer. But there was no proof whatsoever that he really was. <SEP> Uh-huh. He'd been working in a restaurant when they met. Uh-huh. And uh they had to learn all about each other basically in a in a weekend. <SEP> Just then. And uh it was. You knew what was going to happen of course. That they would fall in love. Uh-huh. Well they fell into like at any rate. And and when they went to the query or inquisition or whatever uh they did perfectly. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. And then he said something because his English was so poor on for the most part. He he was so proud of himself for giving ex- all the correct answers that that on the last one he said oh I never remember that answer. And that clued the investigator that he had memorized a series of answers. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So uh.
sw2299.txt:So what do you think about it? How are we doing in recycling? Are we. Well I think we need to do more. I mean I know I need to do more. They have programs around where you can reach the uh. They come and pick up your newspapers if you have them bundled up. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I have a hard time of being able of separating you know having a place separating my trash. And get all the cans from the paper. Yeah. And you know I just haven't gotten that dedicated yet. So. I do a lot of work with the boy scouts. And we try to do a lot. <SEP> Uh-huh. But there's still a lot more we can do. Yeah. You know I don't recycle my newspapers myself. But I noticed in one of the sales catalogs this weekend they have a like a a clothes hamper kind of thing that you know you lay your string in then you put your papers in there tie them all up and bundle them up. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I figured I might get me one of those because we don't always read the newspaper. Uh-huh. Sometimes it just sits around for a while. And then we just chuck it. <SEP> Yeah. Well I don't I don't get the paper every day. But you know I get it on. I try to buy you know the early edition for the coupons you know the Sunday edition. So. Yeah. But then I just you know bundle it up and put it on the front you know the front walk ev- you know every Monday or every other Monday and have them pick that up. Yeah. <SEP> But that's the extent of what I've done. I'd like to be able to do more. The problem is with a lot of it is you have to go you know it takes a while to drive to these places where you recycle it you know. Yeah. See and. It's not always convenient to do it. Yeah. See and here in Lubbock everything's so close. I can imagine what it's like up there. <SEP> Yeah. I'm not exactly sure where the you know the can thing is. But you know sometimes it's just so. Seems so much easier just to take it and throw it in the trash and have them pick it up than it is to smash the cans and drive it some place to have them. Yeah. See I went out to Payless Cashways here a couple of days ago as a matter of fact and got me one of those little can crushers that I could put on the wall. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then I put me a little five gallon bucket. And it's just outside the garage door. Uh-huh. So every time we drink a Coke or whatever we crush the can and just drop it into the bucket. <SEP> Do those can crushers work good? Yeah. I got one from Payless Cashways. And it's actually metal. Uh-huh. It's not plastic. I didn't want to buy a plastic one. <SEP> Yeah. Because those things I think would just snap you know. Yeah. But Payless Cashways has them. And they're metal. And I don't know what affiliate of Payless Cashways you have up there. But it was only like seven dollars not too bad. <SEP> Oh. I'd have to check into something like that because I mean we don't drink a whole lot of soda around here you know. But um you know occasionally we have some around. Yeah. But you know for other kind of cans just to it'd probably only take aluminum cans like that don't they. Yeah. I don't. Yeah. I don't think it would crush steel cans. It's pretty tough. <SEP> Yeah. So. I don't know. I don't think you have to crush the other ones for them to get to take that. But I need to look into it more. No. You could probably just you know. You know it's you know it. Sometimes even with the newspaper they say they'll only take certain types of paper you know. They won't take paper that's shiny. Yeah. <SEP> They won't yeah they won't take any lint free paper. Or see I work at T I. Yeah. So does my husband. Yeah. We do a lot of recycling out there. <SEP> Uh-huh. Now we recycle all our computer paper and our cardboard. But that's just now come on board. Uh-huh. You know we've been throwing paper out there away for years. And we're just now getting on board to recycling ever since this big Earth Day thing came out you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I don't know what. You know I haven't. I'm sure they're probably doing that here some. Yeah. I'm sure they are. T I is doing it pretty well nation-wide I'm sure. <SEP> Uh-huh. I think it's necessary. I I like it. You know it makes. I think it's good that you see these you know like boxes cereal. They're now starting to make them you know the packages out of recycled paper. And And I've bought you know I've bought greeting cards that are made out of recycled paper. Oh yeah. And I think they're just fine. Yeah. I bought a. I got one at work that I bought for one of the guys there at work. It's his birthday. We're pretty good friends. And what it is is a recycled paper bag. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's just got Happy Birthday printing on it and a cute little phrase inside. And it's just a paper bag. Uh-huh. You know and it's really cute. <SEP> Yeah. But I think we're doing better and better all the time. Yeah. Still don't. <SEP> I think we're getting becoming more conscious because we just can't stick everything in landfills any more. So. No. There's not going to be any room shortly. No. No. The office. I don't know what New York does about theirs. I guess they still ship it out on barges somewhere. <SEP> Yeah. It's probably sitting out on the barge somewhere. Yeah. So. But I think we're getting better at it. Yeah. I think there's quite a bit more we could do. <SEP> Girls put that away. Now. But you're right sometimes it does seem like it's more trouble than what it would be worth. Yeah. I just wish it was a little more conv- convenient to do. Yeah. <SEP> You know seems like you're so busy anyway. And then that's just one more thing to have to worry about. So. Yeah. It sure is. I think if you know the cities locally you know they'd get more programs going so that you could do that it'd make it a lot easier. So. Yeah. Yeah. Well they'll get at it sooner. I guess the schools will get into it too sooner or later. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Get the kids interested in it too. You know they have. We tried to have an aluminum can drive with the cub scouts that I have. And we just don't have any place to store those kind of cans. <SEP> Yeah. You know if we go out and pick up a bunch of cans from people sure they'll save them for us there's no problem there. Uh-huh. But what do you do with them in the meantime? <SEP> That's right. Now I don't want a can a garage full of cans. That's right. Who does. You know people don't have room for that kind of stuff. You know. <SEP> No. They're just not they're not prepared for it. No. And in Texas they're just get things like that. They just get bugs in them. So. Yeah. Yeah. They do. <SEP> So you don't. You know the more trash you have laying around the more bugs you get. That's for sure. That's right. So. So. <SEP> I'm pretty lazy about it right now. Everything goes into one thing and goes out to the. Yeah. You know pick it up. So. Yeah. Myself. About the only thing I really recycle around here is aluminum cans. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. Well I need to get get better at it. So. Well if we all try a little bit a little bit goes a long way. <SEP> Yeah. That's right. That's right. If everybody tries to do just a little bit and a little bit more then we'll get there. That's true. <SEP> That's right. Well thank you for talking to me. Huh. <SEP> Well thank you for calling. I. Sure. No problem. Okay. Take care. All right. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2969.txt:Okay. What you mean my voice? Yes. Oh no. I am from Kentucky. Originally. <SEP> Oh well. So. Well the topic today was gardening and lawn care? Uh-huh. <SEP> Ooh. I know. We are about to hit it in ten few minutes. I figured I could make this call and get it over with. We are going to mow and trim and edge. Yeah. And that is all we have been doing all weekend. <SEP> You know what? It seems like we are doing it here forever. We bought a a large house that was completely unlandscaped. I mean it it was pro- probably was up to your shoulder in in thistles. That was all that was there. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we hired a professional landscaper to do it. And I have since then probably ripped out half of what he has done because it has always been incorrectly planted. Or the plants do not make the winter time. And so I am kind of at this point getting a little bit broke and deciding that what we are going to do is we are just going to struggle through the rest of this year probably through the Fall too. And uh rip up rip out all the rest of these junipers or anything that requires uh more care than I am willing to give the kids and replace it with hollies. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh how many kids do you have? <SEP> Just two. Okay. But they are just eighteen months apart so it seems like a lot more. What year I mean how old are they? <SEP> Four and five. Four and five. Goodness. Uh-huh. I have got a four year uh a four year old and a four month old. And an eight year old stepdaughter. <SEP> Oh well I have a twenty six year old stepson. And I do not know if that counts. Well you do not have to tend to him. <SEP> Well I did for many years. So. Oh you did. Okay. It is over with. Yeah. He is gone. <SEP> Yeah. It is over with. Uh back to gardening. Are you one of these uh Howard Garrett organic enthusiasts or a Neil Sperry nuke the lawn with chemicals? <SEP> If I can just nuke it I would do it. But I do not. I just. It is like oh I will get out there and pull my weeds. I do not have a real big front yard. But I do have half of it is a flower bed just about all by the porch. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because the porch is pretty big. I live in town. But just pulling all the weeds out of that just drives me nuts. I do not like it. And I just went out this weekend and bought me some plants and stuff. And I just plowed through the whole nine yards. Got up everything. There was some plants that are just Spring bloomers. Uh-huh. And I. The lea- when the blooms died the leaves were just horrible looking. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I just broke all them off. It was a hyacinth. Have you ever seen those? Oh yeah. Oh they are pretty in the Spring. But the leaves I do not like them. You know once. <SEP> All right. Now are you sure they are hyacinths? Because that is a bulb. Yeah. It is a bulb. Well you should of just ripped the whole thing out. No. Because I do like the I like the plant in the Spring. I love those pink flowers. They are just pretty. So I just cut the leaves off and transplant and put some other plants down. Because I want them to come back up next year. <SEP> Have you had. Is this the first year they have been up? Yeah. Well let me tell you they do not come back very well at all. Maybe they will if up further north. But down. And you are not that much further north. I have probably planted oh around here um maybe six hundred bulbs. Of hyacinths? <SEP> No. I have probably have done hyacinths. Oh of everything. But I have just learned from doing hyacinths that if you really like them what you do is you dig the bulbs up and then you throw them away after they are done blooming. Because they do not take the heat here. And if they do come back next year they are going to look real puny. Oh they will? <SEP> Yep. Huh. About the only bloom bulb that repeats well in my area is the uh uh daffodil and some of the narcissus bulb. Okay. Now I have got some daffodils. And we- everybody down here calls these flags. Uh the irises I guess uh. <SEP> They call them flags? That is what they call them down here. They get uh just one bloom on the plant. I do not I am not sure what they are called. When does it Wh- when does it bloom? But I do not much. <SEP> Well I think they are stopped blooming now in the Spring. It has got gr-. And what color? Oh they come in all different colors. The blooms are on some of them is yellow purple white. Just all different colors. <SEP> And you only get one of them? Well I mean per bulb. You get one big flower that looks like a lily. I do not know what they are called. I have always called them. Well I do not know what I have called them. But when I come down here everybody told me they are flags. You know what I bet you they are? And I am a pretty I am a pretty good gardener. Because I have killed a lot of things here. And and I have planted a lot of them. And and I work on a uh landscape committee for our neighborhood. Uh-huh. <SEP> And our neighborhood is a planned development with I think it is seven hundred and fifty-five families. Uh-huh. But we have about sixty acres that we have to plant. I am going to bet you that is a lily. Because it is. Yeah. It is some type of lily. <SEP> And I will get uh. Is it. What color is is yours blooming? I have got some in the backyard that bloomed blue. Which I would not would have liked those in the front because they match my porch and stuff better. And then some on the side of the house with the dusty purple color. With little purple spots that it it will fade into a solid purple. And what does the foliage look like? Does it fit that. Green spiky leaves. Now it looks almost like a hyacinth only a a lot higher. <SEP> Oh. And it is a bulb. Oh oh. <SEP> Oh I bet you those are I bet you what those things are uh is a Dutch iris. Dutch irises. I bet you it is a Dutch iris. Uh-huh. <SEP> Does it does it on its little on its on the flower does it have a beard on it at all? Any kind of fuzzies? You know I I really do not know. I am going to bet you that. That has got to be blooming this time of year. It has. No. They are they have they're died down. I am sorry they are dead now. <SEP> Well I was just going to correct myself. They bloom in the Spring. Because they would have bloomed pretty early. Yeah. <SEP> Well. They bloomed in the Spring. Yeah. Right about after the daffodils? Right about the same time or after. <SEP> Okay. I will bet you those are Dutch iris. I would took I took and just mowed over them last year. Uh-huh. And uh we have been. I I do not much care for them. After the bloom dies they are not pretty. And to me it just looks like a bunch of leaves. <SEP> Well. But I took them out of my front yard. And I just threw them on the side intending to transplant them or throw them away or something. And forgot about them through the whole Winter. Yep. Well I went out there this Spring. And they had took root right where they were on top of each other. And they told me that they are the hardest things to you know to kill. <SEP> Well. But they are real easy to grow. Ooh. Does that help? <SEP> Well then it is not it is not a Dutch iris then. Oh gosh. I do not I am not sure what it is. They said that they are irises. It is some type of iris though. Huh. But they call them flags up here or down here down here. <SEP> Well I am not so sure that Texans know what what they have got. Yeah. I do not know what it is. I am I am not on I am just getting into gardening this year. <SEP> Did you just move down here? Uh we moved here a year ago. Yeah. Last Spring. We moved in here May this house May of last year. So it was really too late to do much. Um. Who who who who. Because I have got a flower I have got I have probably got do do do do I do not know how many square feet it is a big circular driveway. The whole uh perimeter bordering the house is all in Texas wildflower beds. And I am into that. Oh. <SEP> And it and it looks quite formal. I mean it really does. It looks quite formal. Well that is. But it has been about three or four years of uh uh playing around with flowers to de- decide which ones actually grow here. Well what kind of blue? I am wanting bl- I want blue and purple and you know just different shades of that. Because my my house is gray. <SEP> You want blue? And blue looks so pretty against it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Ooh blue is hard you know. Do you want a perennial flower that will bloom all Summer? I bought. Well I would like to have one that would bloom next year too. That will come back up. Okay. Put in a perennial blue salvia. Now it is going to grow about um the plant itself will grow about eighteen inches tall. Uh-huh. <SEP> And it will send out a flower spike. You will see them blooming now. It is a wildflower here. But you can get them in the nursery. I am looking for a pen. I want to write this down because. Well that is where I went this year. Because I waited too late to really plant stuff. But I did not know that these hyacinths. Like I said I do not know anything about plants. I did not know the hya- hyacinths were going to die. Yep. Well the you know e- nursery men will se- will sell you things here. And they are they are kind of in a labor of love. The other thing to do if you re- really like the hyacinths and I do is that before you plant those bulbs stick them in the refrigerator for five weeks or so to cool them. Yeah. That is what I did with my plants. I had bought these uh colossians Celosias or whatever. <SEP> Yep. And they will not grow down here. Huh-uh. Okay. Perennial. <SEP> Uh-huh. Blue. Salvia. Salvia. <SEP> Uh-huh. And now that will bloom all Summer long. And it will it but it insists on full sun. Okay. I bought me oh I guess I just went and bought me just about nineteen dollars worth of little bu- buds planted uh already grown. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it looks pretty good out there. I will tell you another plant that is purply. Uh-huh. <SEP> I- i- it it is dark purply kind of a purply blue red. Uh-huh. It is really a pretty plant. It is sold down here as Purple Buddy. Purple Buddy? <SEP> Now it's not. Yeah. It is not a perennial. It is an annual. But it will take the heat down here. Purple Buddy. Purple Buddy. Its p- p- proper name is Gomphrena. How do you spell that? <SEP> G o m p h r e n a. Gomphrena. And is sold as Purple Buddy or sometimes sold as straw flower. Okay. And they make uh oh about a foot high plant. And they send out this this spike that has this purple ball on the top of it. But that purple ball.
sw3052.txt:Okay. Well the topic is selecting care for the elderly. Uh-huh. And I don't have elderly parents yet but not that far in the distant future. What about yourself? <SEP> Well my parents are both in their seventies. My my mother and stepfather and my father and stepmother are all in their seventies. And my uh uh father and stepmother are not in very good health. So this is something that is. A concern of yours right now. Yes. It is. Are are they living independently right now? <SEP> Yes. They are. Oh. They are. Have you looked at any homes for them or talked to them about that? <SEP> Not for them my my mother and stepfather have have uh set up an arrangement where they have a large home and uh two of my sisters and and their families one of them's husband and then all the children are living in this home. It's got a lot of bedrooms and bathrooms. And and uh they all share the same kitchen and dining room and den and kitchen. And and uh my father bought this uh my stepfather bought this thinking of a time when one or the other of them might need care. And they felt like that would be their alternative to a nursing home. Oh that sounds the ultimate. Unless unless they were so ill that they needed nursing care that could not be given in the home. Well even at that point most care can be given at in the home. That sound like just an excellent solution. You must feel real good about that. <SEP> Well I I felt good about it because that's my personal feeling also. I uh I read a lot. And then I know people th- then have visited nursing homes and uh have had great grandparents in the nursing homes. And it was not a happy situation for for any of them. And and uh we have a very active nursing home here in Plano that that has uh activities going all the time. And they have uh. Even the people that are wheelchair bound and and really are are ti- ti- incapacitated. Go and uh participate in olympics. Uh-huh. And they make their crafts and sell them at a big fair that's held annually at a big mall here. Right. <SEP> You know th- so there are a lot of a lot of activities going on all the time. And this is a nursing home. It's not a senior citizens home. So that the people are really uh. Really in need of a nursing home. Right. They need the nursing care. Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and but it's a very expensive solution. Well it's you know. I think we just you know listen to is the fact that there are good solutions both inside and outside of nursing homes. It's just a matter of finding a good home. Right. <SEP> Right. And and then of course there is always the problem of being able able to afford either of those solutions. Right. Uh-huh. And that I think is what is scary. And I also feel that that's where some of the bad images of nursing homes come from. Is when people have to put people in a nursing homes. And they really can not afford the best. <SEP> Right. And that's right I well I took my husband one night to an emergency room when he was in an emergency situation. And uh they brought in a very elderly man from a nursing home who had had uh apparently inhaled some chicken he was eating. Oh. And uh he had apparently had not been in the home too long just a week or so. But when they the family came in to see him they had not been made aware. I was in the room when the emergency technicians brought him in from the ambulance. And I overheard their conversation. And when the family walked in his wife and daughter and son-in-law they were not even aware of what had happened. Oh goodness. <SEP> So I told them he strangled on some chicken. And uh they said the the woman the wife said he was not even supposed to be eating any food like that that would require chewing or so you know. Oh. And I thought. What a shame. They put him in the home so that he could be cared for. <SEP> Right. Right. And then they could have done that well at home. And then she was upset. He had on two different shoes one of which was not even his. He had on a pair of slacks. Oh. <SEP> And the wife said `` these are not his slacks''. And she said `` I just took two pair over yesterday for him that were clean. ''. And. You hear these stories all the time. Right. <SEP> Right. Well I this was just something that I was I witnessed to. You happened. Right. <SEP> And and uh at no point did anybody from the nursing home come in. And we were there in the same room with the man for a half hour. Oh. And with just a curtain of course between us and and uh. Right. <SEP> Th- they re- revived the man and cleared out his airway and so forth. And he was definitely. Just by looking at him and the way he acted you could tell he was in need of of nursing home care. But the family were all talking about uh putting him in another home. They said he will not go back to that one. Well good. Good. I'm glad they have a solution. To do that. <SEP> I'm glad they the option. Yes. I know. I I would hate to be in a position where that was all I could afford. And there were not there was no choice. Exactly. My uh my ex-husband's grandmother had been in a nursing home now for oh it must be seven eight years. And uh and uh It's just her her condition deteriorated deteriorated instantly upon getting into that home. <SEP> Oh my. Um. As the situation is so sad because it just takes all the dignity away from from people who have been independent all their lives. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Like this was a really neat vital woman. And you get in a nursing home. And the first thing that happens you have to share your your whole living space with someone that you have never known before in your life. Right. <SEP> Right. And oh I I do not know what the answer is. But I do know that there are some wonderful places out there. And it I think it does. A lot of it goes down to just money. And family support. That's right. Uh if you you know have family that uh you can live with. <SEP> Visits everyday. Right. Right. Right. I I really. I think the way of selecting a nursing home would be similar to the way you would select child care you know. You would do your research. And you would go visit. <SEP> Visit. Right. And uh hopefully they would have they would have it so that you could go there anytime. Right. Because if you could not go there anytime then that would make you a little bit su-. <SEP> Suspicious. Right. You know I I my I remember my my grandmother many years ago when she was in a nursing home before she died. And I guess there was not a name for what she had at that time. But I guess Alzheimer's would come as close as anything. She really was not aware of what she was doing. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I ca- I can remember she had several strokes. And the nursing home was right next to a hospital. And they would rush her to the hospital and revive her and just bring her back to the nursing home in a couple of days. And it was she was it was just like keeping something.
sw3367.txt:What? Do you want to start? Uh you hit you hit uh. It doesn't matter. Um we're discussing the capital punishment I believe. Right. You are right. Yeah. I I suppose I should have. <SEP> Uh which. I am am pro capital punishment except that I don't like the way it's done. Uh-huh. Uh yeah. Uh I uh I guess I I hate to see anyone die uh. Uh-huh. But uh I guess these people that go around and and kill children and women and everything else without any remorse uh I don't think they deserve to to live and be supported by us the rest of their lives. <SEP> I I agree. I I'm. Capital. The the. Capital punishment is necessary in in many cases. But uh the. It's not a deterrent um or our jails would not be so full. There wouldn't be so many people in Death Row. Uh-huh. I think it needs to be something uh uh a throwback to where they did a uh public execution where it's visible. Yeah. <SEP> Uh something you know not gruesome. But but something more where people know that it it was a deterrent and it was equal for all people. If you committed a certain crime you were going to receive a death penalty. And it was going to happen to you. Yeah. No stays of execution. No no loopholes. No. Well and even even that I don't really know if that would help. I think a lot of these people do it uh mainly because of of T V. And a-. <SEP> Notoriety. The double reason ma- they they see it being done on T V and also the fact of of notoriety. I mean they become well known. They are almost like like a big star. Ye- yes. But but they they know that their chances of actually receiving the death penalty are minimal. Yeah. <SEP> They know that they will probably be out in ten to twelve years. Uh-huh. That they are going to write a book. They are going to go on talk shows. They're goin-. That that that's a reward uh for a heinous crime rather than uh having them pay the penalty which is forfeiture of their life. Yeah. <SEP> Right. In in complete uh. Of any notoriety. Yeah. Well I I I think if they went according to uh the BIBLE where it does say an eye for an eye a tooth for a tooth a life for a life. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. Uh you take a life you give yours. <SEP> Right. Uh uh that's for sure. Uh there's exceptions to the rule. I mean if if it's an accidental taking then uh you look at that. But you know most of these people that down right go right and and do it out of pure pleasure uh I don't uh like to see that. Uh-huh. I guess also the fact that they say it's not a deterrent. It is a deterrent in the in the sense that that person will never do it again. <SEP> Well yes. They will. Not not not if he's killed he can't do it again. It. <SEP> Oh. Well that's correct. Yes. Ye- if if he indeed receives the death penalty and it is it is executed. The death penalty. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. But but the the the chances are not great that that will happen. Right. <SEP> But there's a greater chance that he'll be back out on the streets in twelve years. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well I I guess I'm also looking at beyond even that. I I I guess I been thinking about it. And I don't have a definite opinion. But uh repeat uh crimes uh maybe not the the more mild ones but you know a more severe ones especially on on armed robbery and stuff where they been taking from elderly people and not just taking the money but beating them half to death. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's right. Just for pleasure too. And I guess you've got to look at something like that. <SEP> Yes. Do they deserve to uh remain on this earth too? Why you know y- y- you could carry it to that if uh if they are a repeat offender. And and you know that as soon as you let them out on the streets they are going to do this. Unfortunately the way our system of jurisprudence is set up um you only receive the death penalty for capital crimes. Right. <SEP> And of course uh of battery or assault or that is not a capital crime see. You you wouldn't be able to under our system. Right. Now China and a few other countries have a little different view of that. Um you get caught with dope there and you die period. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> There is there is no no appeals. There is no.
sw3902.txt:Okay. Well why don't you start cause it said I was suppose to ask you what do you. Do you have any elderly relatives currently in an uh nursing home now? Yes. I do. <SEP> Do you? I have a grandmother. She's a hundred and two. Oh my gosh. She'll be a hundred and three in August. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we decide not to put her in a nursing home. She lives with my mother and my father who also live here in town. And then my sister takes care of her. Uh-huh. She even though she is a hundred and two she still has all of her faculties. Right. <SEP> She still has her snap. She takes care of her own business. This is the first year that she has gotten weak and actually has to have a little walker. But with somebody that needs around the clock care. I have seen my family age. Right. I have seen them in the. She's been there ten years now. And I have seen them age twenty in the time and and with the expense and everything. Yeah. <SEP> I th- I still think it is worth it if you if you had a good nursing home. And they needed some quality care. I would put someone in a nursing home. Right. My mother-in-law finally. They had to make a family decision. There's seven children in my husband's family. And fortunately four of them live in the same home town. And she has Alzheimer's. It was getting where she was getting th- dangerous. I mean letting strangers in and things like this. <SEP> Uh-huh. But they were very fortunate. It's a small town. And she happens to room with one of the doctor's mothers. And then she's got a lot of family there and that go and see her all of the time. Oh well that's good. But she really doesn't. Nobody thought she would adjust. But she has adjusted beautifully. <SEP> Oh that is great. But then I am also facing my father who is very sick. And my mother and father reside in Colorado. She's been taking care of him. I don't know how much longer this can last. And at that point because he requires round the clock. He can't do anything without her. He doesn't know when to take his medicine. And it's really sad. And I have thought if something would happen to my mother for uh. My brothers are not interested in helping me. So I would have to move him down here. That way. I want to see the nursing home. If I have to put him into one. You know where I can go see it. I I'd be very uncomfortable with him being in Colorado. And. Oh why yeah. I am sure you have got some really good nursing homes around Dallas. Yes. And some of them are limited care too where people can do uh. Like they have apartment styles. But that wouldn't work for him. I think he is beyond that. Where if you need help you can get it. But basically people kind of have a small apartment. And doctors are available if they need them. <SEP> Uh-huh. I I know a lady that lives in a place similar to that in Austin. And allows. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well the only problem with these are that they are very expensive. Of course I guess all nursing homes there is. But. And the bad thing about it before you can get any kind of government help you just practically have well you have to be a pauper. Right. <SEP> It it takes every penny. They want you to spend every dime you have before the government will pay for your your care. Yeah. Right. <SEP> And that's the sad part about it. Yeah. I uh. Yeah. And I think a lot of people who do it now. In Colorado it's interesting. I talked to my mother. They allow you sixty five thousand dollars and your car and your home. And my mother could make it on that. What she probably would do is disburse the money to me. And then I would send it back to her. So that's what would happen. Uh-huh. I think that's what most people do. You just have to give it everything away. Yeah. It's unfortunate. <SEP> I I work at a brokerage firm. And I have seen so many people that just have to gift you know their belongings as much as they can each year in anticipation of having to move to a nursing home. Right. Yeah. It's frightening. And I guess uh I don't know how old you are. I'm forty-six. You know we're the generation moving into this. And I don't know how our kids are going to take care of us. You know. <SEP> I can't imagine. I'm twenty-nine. Yeah. <SEP> And everybody in my family has always had. We don't have any children. Everybody that has has them later in life. Yeah. So my my mother and my father are in their late sixties. So I mean they're not that far away. Right. <SEP> I also see on my generation a squeeze between looking to having to help my parents and still having to help my son because things are so rough out there job wise. And he's still living at home. And I don't know how he is ever going to get on his own the way things are. Oh I know. And so it's kind of. You feel squeezed in the middle of having both generations. But it something will have to change as more and more of us get older. Uh luckily if we could be like your grandmother I uh you know I would love to live to a hundred and two if I were okay. But you see these people in their seventies. <SEP> It. But yeah. Most people aren't. Yeah. Most aren't. That's the problem. <SEP> And that's the bad thing. I would hate to have lived so long. She lived by herself. My grandfather passed away before I was born so she lived by herself up until she was ninety ninety-one. And just did everything. That's incredible.
sw2015.txt:Have you ever gotten one of those calls that is either generated by a computer or somebody going down a list. And they're either offering a service. Or they're introducing some new product in the area. And normally when they call you're either in the shower. Or you're in the middle of cooking something. And you have to stop everything to run to the phone. Yes. Yes. Is is that one that you're talking about. That was the big one I'm talking about. I work weird hours. And invariably just about the time I'm going to sleep the phone tears off the wall. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And you are trying to crawl out of a half unconscious sleep and answer the phone. You either hear the cli- as soon as you say hello you hear the click of the recording coming on. Uh-huh. Or you hear somebody all ready starting reading off a list of stuff that they've read probably a thousand times that day already. <SEP> That's true. Or the ones that are are generated by a computer. It's just a computer voice that comes on the line. Those are the ones that I really really hate too. I've even had some of them. The they're voice activated. And you've got to say hello twice before they'll do anything. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Sometimes I I get them on my uh answering machine at home. So and I hate that when I've got a whole bunch of messages. And I go through them. And most of them aren't from anybody at all. What I would love to see done to stop all of this. <SEP> Uh-huh. We've got a thing in this country. You can have your phone number unlisted. Uh-huh. And I think a law should be passed to where any of these people. I think it's great that you know freedom of speech in this country and everything. But if they're going to offer these services or these recorded message everything they ought to be stuck working with the phone book like everybody else instead of using a computer to go through and just go down every sequence of numbers for this certain area code and call them. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yes. See I have an unlisted telephone number. But I still get all of those calls. And then some of them are speaking in a foreign language that I don't even understand. So yeah. I do. I really feel that's uh an invasion of my privacy. I agree with you on that particular subject there. Let me see. That's about that as far as any other everyday occurrences. I put a stop to some of them as far as the door to door either religious groups or people peddling products. If I wanted their products I would have either gone to the store to bought it. Or I would have called for their salesman to come out. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's true. Living in an apartment complex though you know you can't um you can't really stop those people from coming around even though they put up signs out front that says no solicitations uh. But they still come up to the front door and uh you know walk around. So usually what I do is I'll call the apartment manager and tell them hey there's people coming around you know. And they're trying to sell something. Or or they're from a religious organization. And I really hate that. I really really do. I had somebody come to the door about two weeks ago. And uh gosh it was about nine o'clock at night too. It wasn't even what I would consider you know family hours. Time to you know start going to bed. And uh and it was somebody from um oh what was it the uh Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. And uh I've read a lot about uh that particular sect. And I don't particularly care for it. So I especially don't like for them to come up to my door and and try and talk to me. Now I agree with their right to uh pursue their religion of choice in that whatever manner they want to. But I think they should also respect the sanctity of the American home whether it be in a house or in an apartment. I'm on my turf. If I want them there I'll call for them. Otherwise I don't want to know they exist. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. No. I I agree with you there. If they want to choose that particular religion that's fine with me too you know as long as they don't try and pull me in and drag me in. And and I don't like the way that they do it either. And and it's their mission that they do it. They go door to door. And they go out into the public. And they actually have the uh teenagers serving two years like you would say like in an army and two years in going around and doing missionary type work. And uh I don't know. I just um don't particularly care for that at all. And that that's one thing that I feel really strongly about though is uh you know people coming up to my door and especially religious organizations and wanting to uh you know to try and get me to join or you know become interested in their religion. Because I have my own. Now the part about where you said the apartment complex puts up signs that says no soliciting. I've even gone so far as to put that. I've got a storm door on the front of the house. And I've put in. I don't know how much clearer it can be. It's a red sign with silver letters saying no soliciting. I should have I guess I should make another one that says religious or otherwise cause I still get. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. No. I don't uh I don't have I didn't go that far. But uh yeah. I probably could do the same thing uh you know. I don't have a storm door. But I'm sure I could rig up something. But you know I don't think that that would stop people. I it's like they see that word. And it says go instead of stop. Oh goodness. I wonder if there would be some way we could get these people to do this get their names their addresses and their phone numbers. And then reverse it. And do. Well that would be technically illegal. It would be harassment. <SEP> Oh gosh. But I consider an invasion of my privacy a harassment in itself. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. That's true um. Well what else? I believe we've pretty much summed everything up. I know. But I remember you you talked about something. You started off and said. Well let me think. You talked about the telephone calls and people coming and soliciting and selling things at the door. You said something else. I can't remember what it was. And I thought yeah. That that kind of touched a nerve right there. But we got uh we got to talking about the uh uh people coming to you at the front door. I'm drawing a blank. <SEP> Oh goodness. Okay. Is our five minutes up? Uh pretty close to it. Pretty close. Well I've enjoyed talking with you. <SEP> Well it was nice talking to you too Jim. And take it easy now. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Good night.
sw3099.txt:Okay. So what were you saying? Do you work with do you work around children when you work? No. No. Not at all. I work with computers. <SEP> With computers. Yep. They what. Okay. Do you ha-. One thing I. <SEP> But you have friends that have children. I have some friends that have children uh not that many actually. Uh-huh. Uh. <SEP> What is child care like in New York? What is. I do not really know. Excuse me. Too much about child care in New York. Does the company you work for have child care on premises for employees? <SEP> Excuse me one second. Huh-uh. No. Not at all. In fact my situation is a little bit strange. I was uh a student for many years and then graduated and went and worked in France for awhile. And I have just come back and was doing consulting work. <SEP> Oh. Oh my. So I am just taking a little bit of time off right now. <SEP> A sabbatical. Uh and and I might. Well I hope you can stay as long as possible with it. Yeah. Well hopefully I can do some consulting work at home. And if I can do that it will. Yeah. <SEP> Oh yeah. That would be wonderful. Right. I'll be able to spend the time with my daughter and not have to worry too much about child care. But uh I might start to go crazy with it too. <SEP> Right. It is a little. I miss the intellectual stimulation. Right. But at the same time I really it would break my heart to give her to a stranger right now. And. <SEP> I think it does when when they are real little. And they are changing every day. Oh yes. There's. And you just miss the little things. Yeah. <SEP> And and uh. Well I think for me the important concerns I do not think I would put her in day care for joint situation right now unless it was like one other child with a with a person. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I would not want her to be into a in a large day care situation so young. Because I think a little infant just does not get the stimulation they need. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's right. Maybe if I needed to work part time like four hours a day I might do that cause like you should get enough stimulation from you the rest of the time. But uh I just think that you know when there's two year olds running around the whoever is taking care of the care givers are going to pay attention to the two year olds. That's right. And only when the infant screams are they going to go there. <SEP> That's right. And if not the infant is going to lay in the crib all day and maybe have a mobile above it to play with. Right. And you know I play with her most of the time she is awake. And I think that is so important. <SEP> Right. Well that it is important for the bonding that they do it with the mother. Yeah. Well such as things for learning gives the child stimulation I think is important. <SEP> Right. And uh. Our oldest grandson when he was eighteen months old went into a a Montessori day care system. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they took infants starting at six weeks. And they have a program uh in that was devised by this montessori person. And uh and a certain type of stimulations. And there's times of day that even when the child is awake that they that they lay quietly and look at certain things. They keep deliberately keep the room not real bright. Uh-huh. And and uh they have different things they will they will put them down on the floor. And of course they never have more than like five. And and they will put them down on the floor. And they will have on- I think one of them was a little mirror. And some were just different objects that have had a definite purpose for kids you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And there's something about their eyes. Yeah. Uh. Well she's she's just been doing all kinds of stuff where she's you know. <SEP> How old is she? She's two months now nine weeks. Oh yeah. And she's just drastically moving her eyes from one side to another and things like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And she's just started that like yesterday or the day before. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And so every days are different. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I think that you know I think child care for infants is much harder than when they are older. And I will probably be going back to work around January whereas she will be about eight or nine months old. Um. <SEP> A little older. And so I think you know she will be at a. I have heard it's a rough age to put them into a. It is because that's when they are clinging to mama. Yeah. <SEP> So you might have a real problem with that. I think it it hurts the parents to leave when the child is crying. But but I think it. So it you know it would be ideal if you could get somebody in so you are not really leaving the child in a strange place. Yeah. We are just going to have to see how things work out. <SEP> But that's unusual. Uh but I am trying to you know leave her a fair amount even at this young age with her grandparents just to go to a movie and things like that. So that she is used to other people taking care of her. Uh-huh. <SEP> Is it your parents or your husband's parents? My parents. My husband's parents are in France. So it's a little bit harder. But during you know. Sh- sh- she's met them already. Oh. Not that she will remember them. But she's met them. <SEP> Right. Right. That's nice when uh. I my I have three grandchildren. Another one coming in September. And I. It would if they were where I could not get my hands on them I am afraid I would probably go crazy. Uh-huh. You know I I like that. Are they all nearby? <SEP> But if it you do not have to put them in child care that's that's an ideal situation for you is to stay with them. As. Or you can set up your work program and your husband's so that one of you is there all the time. Yeah. That's that's wonderful for the child. But. Well if I work part time that might be doable. <SEP> Right. And you need to look at when you if you do decide to go with child care you really need to to look at what your options are and and look at the what they offer. Drop in at times that are unexpected. Yeah. Well. The. Right now the situation is so tight at many places that it's even hard to have a choice. <SEP> Uh. Uh. Incredible. But you know since this is. People before they get pregnant are finding child care for the kids. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And you know I just find that incredible. And my sister-in-law is going to have a baby very very soon. And she is intending to stay home with the baby. Oh. And you know maybe do some free lance type work at home. And so if I go back to work on a part time basis I am hoping I can leave my daughter with her. Because her daughter again will be a couple of months my daughter will be about six months older than hers. <SEP> Oh that would be wonderful. And. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. It will be a little rough when she is a very very little infant. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But like when she is a month or so my sister-in-law has had lots and lots of experience dealing with baby-sitting for large families. Oh. And so uh she might be able to do it a couple of hours a day. And we cou- might even be able to do it on a trade off basis. That I watch their baby when they want to go out to dinner or to movies or whatever or if she wants an afternoon off. Even if she wants an afternoon just to work. Uh and not be bothered. <SEP> Right. Right. <SEP> Right. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. We might be able to exchange that way. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so we will just have to see how things work out. But I think the whole you know ideally I think uh business should have the day care centers there whether it's the parents who take turns watching the kids or whether. I do too. They hire a couple of people. And uh you know parents come down to supervise or whatever. <SEP> Really well trained people. Right. Yeah. <SEP> And have have some kind of real good program set up so that you when you go you can be assured that if there's an emergency that person in charge knows C P R or first aid. Yeah. Or and have some kind of program set up like you say to stimulate the kids or educate them in some manner. And have the you know the right toys and the right setting and uh have a an organized type of program set up so that the kids have a schedule you know. Oh yeah. <SEP> That's real important to little kids. Yeah. Well she's. My daughter does not seem to be on a real schedule yet. And it's probably my fault because I do not have a real schedule now. Uh-huh. But. <SEP> They they adjust to what the parents. Yeah. Well she's been staying up late at night and you know sleeping late in the mornings and things is just fine by me. Uh-huh. <SEP> We- you know that works until they start school. Right. And that's a problem. Society is geared to a a day person. And it's. I have another friend whose brother and his wife have done this. They stay up until all hours of the night.
sw2785.txt:Okay. Uh we're going to talk about our lawn and gard- garden chores. Do you have either one? Well I don't do anything with the lawn really. But I do gardening both flowers and vegetable gardening. Do you. <SEP> Oh really? Um I. We have enough property that we can have a little bit of a garden. And that's fun. Well actually Wally's had one even when we haven't had big yard because um we enjoy that. We love fresh vegetables in the summer. And it's just one of the things I enjoy doing. So do I. I would. I had rather be outside than than inside any day. <SEP> So would I. Do you work during the week uh outside the home? Yes. I do. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh so I manage to fit in my gardening chores afterward. I work for a school system. So I'm able to do that um because I get home a little earlier. Yes. And I can still do some some sorts of things. But. Or you sneak out in the morning after daylight savings time starts and with your cup of coffee and see if it has grown overnight. <SEP> Oh absolutely. Well I unfortunately am not gardening this year. I love gardening. In fact I was prevented at like tw- no about thirty years ago with a life membership uh from the Richmond Virginia counsel of garden clubs. Wow. And it wasn't because I was so good. But I organized a very large garden club. But I still have uh. <SEP> Oh that's wonderful. It well it's always something that seems so odd to me. But uh. But that that's. And you really feel you can accomplish something. And to help other people too that's neat. Yes. It has really nothing to do with uh actual gardening or flower arranging or anything like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. It was just that I happened to organize this group that was about seventy people. Right. <SEP> That's wonderful. That. Isn't. Yeah. That that. Yeah. Those numbers were were great. But it. <SEP> Yeah. Well I think it sounds good. I've never belonged to a garden club because I've always been more interested in just doing what I can do on my own. I've never had the time really to get involved in the organized sort of format. Yes. But I know people who do it and and enjoy it very much. Well and actually I think that most women's garden clubs that I've been aware of in the past uh are only flowers. What I would like. We've spent the last twenty years in Oklahoma. Just moved to to North Carolina. <SEP> Oh. And uh we were orig- originally of course from this area from Virginia. But uh in North uh. In Oklahoma it's the men's garden clubs that I would have wanted to join. My word. And you would have because they do all kinds of uh gardening and not just flowers like women do. <SEP> For heaven's sake. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well um there aren't men's gardening clubs in this area that I know of. They're they're women. But um and usually they're the tea type things you know where they have a little luncheon. And they do their thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> But um flowers are primarily the emphasis um whereas I enjoy vegetable gardening almost more I do flowers sort of look pretty. Yes. I think so too. But I I really like to do the vegetables. Yes. And and I have spent the last ten ten years being a florist. <SEP> Being what? Being a florist. Oh my. Well what a wonderful thing. It was nice. It was exhilarating uh for many years. <SEP> Yes. Uh many of those tanned until the last couple when uh we had such an economic slowdown. Oh terrible. Yeah. Yeah. Well tell me what's in your garden this year since I don't have one. <SEP> Okay. Well uh the flowers I'm just. In fact I was going to go out today to buy some plants so I could put them in. I I always have geraniums. And um and then I have a shady area that I need to uh be concerned about not getting something that has to have sun. Uh-huh. So I've discovered that uh impatiens that tried and true is turns out to be about the best thing to use there along with coleus. Because they uh look pretty and in my front garden uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I like the vinca which is something I hadn't. They look sort of like impatiens. You know but they're not quite. And they're better for the sun areas. Um and of course you know the mine are old theory ordinary flowers marigolds and and that sort of thing. Yes. In my. Do you have trouble with red spider on marigolds? <SEP> No. I don't. Maybe it's. I don't know. Maybe this climate is a little better. Yes. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um but in the vegetable garden we grow um usually what. Our favorite is something called white half runner green beans. Now that's. Do you. Isn't that funny. So is my favorite. Well you know why because I grew up in North Carolina. Okay. <SEP> And that was my mother's um favorite bean. She alw- she always grows you know five different varieties. Yeah. But that's the kind that produces the best. Yeah. Well I think it has the best flavor. <SEP> And and they're wonderful. And I pick them when they're very young and have very little string and then just steam them a little bit. My mother picks them when they're fat. And she cooks them for an hour with some fat backs. Yes. Uh-huh. Well I like them in between. And they're good both ways. I like them in between. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. The flavor is better I think in between. Oh in between the. Size wise. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. My mother. Well my mother doesn't think they have any flavor the way I cook them. Well and I know I love them. Well that's the yankee way. But I think that's like another vegetable. <SEP> Oh of course. I love them that way just just the thrill of. Yeah. It is. They're two different vegetables that way. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. In fact I my mother who is eighty-six years old canned over a hundred quarts of half runners last year. <SEP> Oh my gosh. My does mot- mother will be th- ninety this year. And she lives in western North Carolina. And uh she would do that if if we didn't tell her that she'd better not. Yes. Uh-huh. Yes. But she doesn't have that big a garden. But she has a bigger one than I do. Real-. Yes. <SEP> And I have four children you know. So. And she tends to it herself? Oh yes. Oh yes. Uh-huh. Isn't that wonderful. <SEP> Oh it is. It's great. It's it's really her joy. And I suppose that's why I enjoy gardening because you know growing up with it. I think so too. Yeah. <SEP> We also grow um yellow and green squash um much to my children's chagrin. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> And uh we grow a lot of tomatoes uh. Uh-huh. There's just no replacement for fresh grown tomatoes. No. <SEP> So we enjoy that. Um we grow. I I have been trying to grow watermelon and cantaloupe and get teased by my family. But I actually was successful for the last two years. So. Wonderful. I'm going to do it again. Bet you showed them. <SEP> That's right. And we grow broccoli. Oh. And I have been very uh happy about the new way of controlling the the uh worm that gets in broccoli um by using the Bacillus Thuringiansis which is the uh little. Well in fact that's what they use for gypsy moth. I don't know if you have had that problem there or not. No. <SEP> But it's you know it's a problem that's that's moving south from from the New England area. Yes. And they devastate the trees. So they they spray the government uh sprays um t- two three times in the spring when the uh caterpillars are are coming along because what they do this this uh bacillus um the worms ingest it. And it expands in their in their um digestive tract. And they die. Uh-huh. <SEP> So that's the same technique that is you know for any of the other uh little varmints that get in vegetables. So it. That's really very nice because it's a non toxic way of of handling the problem. Great. Well we could ch- we could really talk gardening a long time. I'm enjoying hearing you so much. Well it's nice hearing you talk. And I'm I wish you uh good luck. Have you just recently moved to Charlotte? Um a-. No. October. <SEP> Oh so well that's not very long. Uh so yes. Recently seven months. And it. Yes. The weather is wonderful. I love it. <SEP> Oh that's great. That's great. It is just terrific. You know rains a little too often. Well I hope you have a an opportunity to garden again. Oh I think so. I have a little spinach. <SEP> Oh well good. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2729.txt:Okay. What kind of puppy you got? Well uh I think she's mostly German Shepherd. Uh she was uh uh. A person lives across the street from me uh brought her home from work because a coworker of hers uh had this dog appear on its front doorstep. Uh. <SEP> Somebody somebody abandoned her. And she's only about oh si- between six and eight six to eight weeks old. Uh-huh. And uh uh I can't understand why anyone would abandon this dog though. Oh. <SEP> She's o- I mean she's that this young. And she's almost housebroken. Wow. I mean she actually asks to go out. That's great. <SEP> And uh yeah. I was amazed. Really good temperament and very playful and affectionate good personality. I don't know. I can't imagine what uh would have been wrong with this dog. So. Yeah. Well I I have a dog that God gave us too. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. She just appeared. Oh really. Yeah. My husband calls her street dog. But we've had her now for about three years. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I just. You get so attached to them. Oh yeah. I had a uh. Last year I had ano- I had another German Shepherd. Now this one was purebred. And uh he when he was about seven months old got a gastrointestinal virus and was just about on death's door. But uh managed to get him to a veterinarian in time. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh and on huge doses of antibiotics and he actually got over it with y- seven hundred dollars in vet bills. Um. Wow. <SEP> Um but he had actually was able to get him over that. Uh-huh. And then he was gaining weight again was just getting healthy. And uh he put on about fifteen to twenty pounds after the thing. And then he got hit by a Cadillac. Oh no. <SEP> So I couldn't believe it. That was that was really hard. Oh gee. And that was even harder for. I was on a business trip at the time. And the dog was being house sit or dog sit whatever by some friends of mine down the street. Uh-huh. <SEP> So they just felt absolutely awful. Oh I bet. And I felt felt probably worse for them than than for me. Because oh gosh they the uh this fellow's wife who was uh watching the dog pro- she I think she loved that dog more than I did. And uh. She was jus- really attached to it. Oh gosh. <SEP> But uh it's unfortunate. But now I've got another one. So. Yeah. Yeah. How long has it been since the first one? Uh see he it it was just over a year. Uh yeah. <SEP> Uh it was in March of last year. So uh yeah. It'd been didn't didn't have one for a whole year. Yeah. Well I had I had a German Shepherd before this one. And when she died it just it just absolutely destroyed me. I mean I was just you know. Yeah. I couldn't even talk about it for months. And so I decided well that's it. I'm not going to do this anymore. <SEP> Right. And then God gave me this dog. So. My dad's like that. He uh he had a beagle that he loved. And uh when that beagle passed away uh he didn't want he wasn't going to have another dog. There's no way. Uh-huh. <SEP> No. How and then uh the he the beagle died in I guess about October. And by Christmas time we went down to the pound and got him uh I or I gue- Humane Society and got uh got another one a stray. Yeah. And she she turned out to be a great dog. And we had her for six years until she just passed away recently. And again dad went through the whole thing. But mom went an. Okay. Yeah. <SEP> Well you just do. Yeah. You can't help. I- it's like it's like a kid. <SEP> Yeah. It is. Well hopefully this one here Cocoa will live a full life. Yeah. Well when uh. My my doggie uh that we have now uh she's she's mostly Golden Retriever. Uh-huh. The vet called her uh a golden mix. <SEP> Yeah. Like who knows you know. Right. But she's uh she's that sort of strawberry blonde reddish color you know. <SEP> Oh. And uh and her nose is that pink you know. Uh-huh. She doesn't have a brown nose. And her ey- she's sort of unicolor you know eyes are the same color and everything. <SEP> Yeah. So. I named her Rosebud. And uh a friend of mine said th- she that she gre-. This friend of mine grew up on a farm and said that she had uh a pet cow named Rosebud. And she said there's a lot of longevity in that name. Said my cow lived seventeen years. <SEP> That's not too bad. Golly the Golden Retrievers are good dogs too. They're kind of like get that permanent smile to them. Yeah. Right. They're always always happy. I don't think I've ever seen them not look happy. And she's so easy going and so sociable. <SEP> Yeah. You know she loves everybody. And little kids can just you know maul all over her. Right. And she just you know thinks it's great. <SEP> This this friend of mine has th- well. It's the same guy that was watching uh my German Shepherd when he got hit. But uh went fishing with him on Friday and took. He's got a full a pure bred Golden Retriever. And then I had uh the puppy a little tiny puppy. And we went and took the two dogs up fishing. And this. They just they had a ball romping around. Uh-huh. And you know you can't get a Golden Retriever near water without it jumping in. Getting in. Yeah. <SEP> And uh this Golden Retriever jumped in the the really fast moving uh river current. And uh. Oh no. Well no. Actually he had no trouble at all. He first jumped in. And I. He's he's just about a year old himself and never had really. I don't think he'd swum before. Really. <SEP> But he jumped in in the the river. Did puppy go to? Well the puppy jumped in the into some of the pools but not into the. I was careful to keep her away from the the fast moving water. Oh that's good. Yeah. <SEP> 'cause if she fell in then I'd of been had to go in after her. And up here the water's probably about forty degrees right now. Ugh. Ugh. <SEP> And I would not have been fun trying to retrieve her. But uh this dog Dennis jumped in and got this look on his face like what do I do now as he's floating down the river then finally discovered that he could swim and uh actually paddled up against the current and uh made it back to the shore and climbed up. And then he he jumped in again. And he was swimming for quite a bit all afternoon. He loved it. Yeah. <SEP> Cocoa didn't think too much of it though. She jumped in and then started screaming and made me pull her back out. I pulled her out and uh then had to wrap her up in a sweatshirt because she was shivering so bad. Yeah. <SEP> And so but uh she got over it. So. Well the German Shepherd that I had before. We we had a little pool. Uh-huh. And uh she was she did not want any part of swimming. But she liked to to get in the pool on the first step. She'd just get on the first step and lay down. You know in the summertime when it's really really hot. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. And she'd just lay there on that step and just you know cool off. <SEP> Yeah. I've I live right across the street from a a big lake here um. It's on Oneida lake. And I'm wondering if uh if she'll want to go out there and go swimming next year. I mean I've got. The yard's all fenced in. So she doesn't run loose. But uh she could go in sometime when if I'm watching her. Uh-huh. So. Yeah. Well the one that we had just didn't want any part of that. <SEP> Oh really. Yeah. And she. Oh baths. Oh gee she hated baths worse than anything. It was it was just really a fight to you know get her clean. Yeah. Have you seen uh CANINE. The movie oh. <SEP> No. No. You've got to see it. Especially since you have a German. It is so cute. Oh really. Yeah. And uh an part of the the movie is where he's trying to clean this dog up. And it's it's just hysterical. <SEP> Oh okay. My my dog last German Shepherd it was a real chore trying to give him a bath too. And that was the thing I couldn't figure out. Because he would go in the lake. It wasn't like he didn't. Uh-huh. I-. Normally I mean he didn't seem to have a problem with getting wet. But if you wanted to get him wet forget it. Yeah. Well that's how Cleo w- you know. She'd lay on her step. <SEP> Yeah. But that was that was the only time she wanted to get wet. And she didn't want you getting her wet. Right. Right. Obstinate. Obstinate. Yeah. But you really need to see that movie. I I w- we bought the movie. And I don- I don't know how many times I've seen it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it came on T V the other night. And I was watching it again. And my husband heard me laughing. And he said I can't believe that you're still getting such a kick out of that movie. I'll have to check it out. I saw the the uh previews for it and all. And it did look like it'd be a good mo- movie. But. It is great. <SEP> Uh really haven't had a whole lot of time to get out to see the movies lately. Yeah. But I got to do more more fun things. Well we always wait until we can rent them you know. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Well I'm uh I'm a second lieutenant in the Air Force. And so I travel a lot. Oh really. And yeah. I'm a engineer at uh at the laboratory Rolm Laboratory Griffis Air Force Base up here. So. Oh. <SEP> That's how I got into uh into the switchboard project and all that. So. Uh-huh. But it's nice having a dog here uh. The. Oh yeah. There's just. <SEP> Un- un- uh. What's the unrequir- what's the word I'm looking for uh lots of affection no co- unconditional affection from the from the dog. Right. That's it. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Really. Not critical at all. No. No. Yeah. They're really wonderful. <SEP> Yeah. Well it's been nice talking to you. We seem to be degenerating here. So.
sw2145.txt:You want to start? Well I guess I would first identify myself as middle aged. And therefore having seen the last generation I guess it puts me in you know gives me a perspective on that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Uh I am quite positive on the things that I have seen happen recently relative to women in both in society and in the work place. Uh there's no doubt about the fact that when I was first graduated from college the impression was that a woman's career would consist of a childbearing years and perhaps a return to the office but not necessarily. Uh now I think the change that I've seen as much as anything is one where couples uh are more carefully planning their intention on how to both share homemaking duties and also how women will uh have their children and then deliberately sort of plan how they go back to the work place. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I guess that's a significant change that I've both participated in an- and noticed. I agree uh. The equality of uh the roles now between the sexes I guess has been dramatically demonstrated with this war especially compared with uh the Vietnam war. And you see women going off to wars as well as men. Uh-huh. Uh I have wondered why they allowed or let you know both the father and mother go uh. And the children are left without either parent. Now to me that's kind of a drawback. But uh I guess it's a price you pay. And I also wonder about the children that are being brought up in the uh uh day care centers. <SEP> Wonder about them in what way? Well uh from what I understand there's been studies that uh these children are uh more rebellious. Uh they term it as more uh creative. But uh that they uh are much more contentious. Uh-huh. So I I don't I I guess we'll have to see another generation to see what differences a child being brought up you know in a uh kind of a uh community rather than a home. <SEP> Uh-huh. I have not to be honest had much experience with children in that situation. Yeah. <SEP> I I guess one knows one's own storly. And I know uh in my children's case it was one where uh pretty much up until the older of two was in uh let's see I guess basically starting junior high. And the younger was in fifth grade when my wife reentered the work force. Uh-huh. Uh. So they. <SEP> So I guess my experience is is just with what we did. And and so they didn't really go through the child care route. Yeah. They were able to be home together. Uh and we never actually experienced that. What in terms of changes relative to women in the work place and the potential changes over the the next generation or so I guess I anticipate uh an increasing equality uh greater presence of women in management roles. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I don't know whether there will be an increased amount of of surrogacy that we see. I just don't know. What do you mean? Uh deliberate childbirth by surrogate mother. Oh yeah. <SEP> Sort of rent-a-mom. To be you know not to be crass about it but uh uh whether one might conceive no pun intended of the possibility that there might be a kind of a deliberate uh uh a professional mother a- person. For instance that. Yeah. That's strange. <SEP> A nanny sort of? Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I could you know I could envision a society where that would happen and make an interesting uh uh story or whatever. Yeah. <SEP> I I don't think I have a philosophical problem with that. In fact I think it sort of raises nurturing and being a mother to what it ought to be which is a respected profession. That's right. That's right. Uh I I don't have a other than than a reading and and male perspective on on the ver- on the biological urges involved relative to being a mother or not. Uh I know that that my sense is that I have very much an interest and had one in being a parent. I I don't know that I uh felt myself necessarily encumbered with the necessity to have heirs. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh I don't have boys. That doesn't didn't bother me. Never has. Vision more women deliberately raising children either in surrogacy or or as a professional nanny nanny as you put it uh. Yeah. Maybe we'll see a growth in that where someone makes a career out of say taking care of five or six children as opposed to day care. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> It would be a sort of day care. But it would be more of a family setting. Right. Uh I know that there are young people characterized I guess as being half my age so that by definition that means they're young. Uh that in my work place who are both of them earning rather decent professional salaries who probably would consider paying a woman uh eight or nine or ten thousand dollars a year to take care of their child. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> To come in and live with them? I could easily envision that. Pardon? To come in and live with them? <SEP> Or to put their child into a s- into a home setting where they would you know like they they would get leave at eight in the morning and and drop a two year old off in a home where you knew there were going to be four other kids. Uh-huh. And and you were paying for really high quality care. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Uh I have acquaintances of mine where I know that they are paying figures on on the order of what I quoted to someone because that's what the experience they want. And I would imagine if there are more of people like that with an opportunity that that's a possibility of a change that we could see in the next few years. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then you might have more control over uh the the morals that they would be taught rather than in like a classroom or a day care center. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I know the day care centers are not cheap either. You know they're. <SEP> I haven't ever really looked at them. Are you aware at all of of what they would what they cost? Uh well no. I just know I know several single mothers who absolutely can't afford it. They have to go with the a single uh wh- I mean a baby-sitter more more or less. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I think it's like about sixty dollars a week for two children if I'm not mistaken. Uh-huh. And you have to pay that whether you're on vacation you know and taking care of the children or if the children are at home at home sick. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean that is you know just a a rate that you have to pay. And uh. What what do you envision for the next twenty years as far as women in American society? Uh I think I really don't have a vision. <SEP> That's okay too. Yeah. I I I think that they will be more in the work place because uh the door's open. Uh-huh. And uh it's just human nature to walk through an open door. So and I would be glad to see that. I hope I don't see a lot more single moms. But i- it seems in my experience I'm running across single women all the time. <SEP> I'm I'm noticing that too. And and I notice the the a terming ex- em- emerging called solo parents that I'm very aware of the number of solo mothers that that I encounter in the work place. Yeah. <SEP> And that that is a little troublesome. Uh because the pressures on them are are rather rather formidable. Yeah. Yeah. It's awful. <SEP> Yeah. Uh and maybe that's a change we'll see. Maybe uh the possibility of of women uh who deliberately say no. We'll let the man will take care of the children perhaps in the event of a separation or whatever. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. So. Well I think we've done it. <SEP> Well I think we're about done. Okay. Thank you very much. Uh good-bye. It's been interesting. <SEP> You take care. Okay. Bye. Bye.
sw2370.txt:So well you're you you take this subject much more personally than I do I suppose. I suppose I do because I've seen a lot of those changes the changes that women have had in the last genera- well you know not even the last generation the last fifteen years twenty years going from. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well take it back thirty years. I'm going back too far from my parents' generation when mom stayed home period. Yeah. And there was no such thing as a job or any hope of a job unti- well unless. If you were educated you got you know you might teach for a year or two before you got married. Yeah. <SEP> And if you really pushed it you taught until you had kids or something you know. Yeah. If you had if you were a teacher. Then you know that was it until the kids were little. Yeah. You you weren't supposed to want a job. <SEP> Yes. There was not there's not supposed to be any reason to use this education or this brain that you might have for anything other than your house and your children and how clean can the bathroom floors be on any given day. Yeah. And then and then of course today it's supposed to be all the other way. You're supposed to only want the job. And and uh your kids should be totally happy in day care because everybody else goes to day care. Yeah. <SEP> And and we have these wonderful people who are who are totally prepared to tea- to teach your child everything they need to know in day care. Uh-huh. Yeah. But but uh a really good day care is probably going to cost more than you're going to make at the job. <SEP> And we'll see how the generations go. Yeah. I. At least for a lot of women depending on on what she did. Yeah. <SEP> I've I was an engineer with uh mechanical engineer with T I. And uh I did it for six years. And for one. Well I had one while I was pregnant. And then one while my oldest was a year old. And and it just drove me crazy. Did you. I could not do either well enou-. I couldn't put in enough overtime that was necess- or that you know things that would come up at work that would require me to stay late or to come in early or to do something on Saturdays as is you know as is needed because my husband for a long time was out of the country also with uh with work for like three months. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh yeah. And. So it was you and the kid. And your work schedule is. <SEP> Yeah. Well that's the thing see you know. Maybe if you get along. For example if you'd been a technician instead of an engineer. You know the technicians work the eight to five job and know when they're going to be there. Yeah. Might have been better. <SEP> Yeah. But if you're going to be more professional oriented then you've got to have this to be able to perform well on the job. You've got to have the flexibility that doesn't really go with the family. Yeah. And so it was. In my case I just uh decided that as long as my kids were little I would be better off at home with them instead of driving myself crazy trying to do everything at once. Uh-huh. So you figure one of these days you're going to go back to being an engineer? Is that what you're saying? <SEP> Well actually I've found out that I'm not going to go back to being an engineer. What will you. I'm I'm I'm a photographer now. Oh okay. You've found something else. <SEP> I have I have branched out. I was a photographer before. But when I went to college it was I felt like I couldn't support myself if I decided to be a photographer that it would just have to be a hobby. Yeah. And I'm very mechanical. And mechanical engineering interested me. So I did that. And then I you know I did that for six years. And then I stayed home with my son and did nothing. And found out that I was that you know it was great. Yeah. <SEP> But I was bored part of the time too. And I wanted something else to do. Yeah. I mean you figure there's got to be more to life than sitting here playing with this child. Yeah. It's it's great while they're really little. But as they get older and they're more independent and there's things to do then it's good for them to go to different. Uh-huh. <SEP> I mean it he goes to a a mother's day out program now once a week. Both of my kids do. And so they're getting they get the socialization with other kids and you know and not really school but but a different authority than mom once in a while you know kind of learning how to deal with society. And and they need that you know to be able to relate to other people besides the same person every day. Yeah. I think they do too. <SEP> And I need it for the break. Yeah. Well that's the other thing you know. They talk about women leaving the home and going out to work. Well still taking care of the children is a very important job. Uh-huh. And and someone's got to do it and be able to do it right. And and if it's not mom then then dad or somebody's got to move in there and do the job because the kids really need it. <SEP> And enjoy it. That's that's the whole thing. Yeah. <SEP> I think that's the thing that we're going to see. Well I think the biggest thing we're going to see coming up in the next ten year even in the even now they're starting to do it. But I think it's going to be more in the next ten to fifteen years is that there's going to be a lot of women. And they're going to have to work it out to working part time. Uh-huh. Because if if I had been allowed to work you know maybe thirty hours a week instead of fifty hours a week I might still be working basically full time or part time if there was if there had been some way to work it out. Yeah. <SEP> Because I liked my job really well. Uh-huh. But I was just pulled in so many different directions. I was it was just driving me crazy. And now with the photography that's you know it's working. That's what I'm doing is working part time because I can put my kids in a day care situation for a few hours in the uh week and use those hours to do. Yeah. <SEP> The thing that I'm doing is taking school pictures in day cares and in Mother's Day Out programs and also soccer teams and you know different stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. So my kids can be in day care for a few hours a week. Or my husband if it's you know uh when he's at home can take care of them. Yeah. So jobs have to I guess become more flexible. <SEP> I think they're really going to have to and not and not just for mothers for fathers as well. Yeah. It's going to have to be both. Well so so that's another thing that has to adapt is you know the the father's attitudes about you know who whose job is this. <SEP> Yeah. Well it it's his job too. And I. To me the only important issue is the children. Because as far as housework goes you know men can do housework just as easily as women. And thanks to a lot of new inventions housework doesn't take as much time as it used to. So uh. It's just convincing your husband that that's important or that it's important enough for him to do it. Yeah. Conv-. Yeah. Just. Yeah. Con. <SEP> Yeah. Well. Because if he saw mom doing only that you know all the time he was growing up then it's hard to think of it in that other uh that I should do it or just to think about doing it rather than having someone tell him to do it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And you you you. <SEP> Yeah. You talk. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> I know that was a big thing in our house for a long time was that if I wanted my husband to do something to help and even though we were both working the same number of hours and and doing things I had to come in there specifically and say this needs to be done. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> This is what you do it now. And a man might say out loud well you know I understand this. And I agree. But still he was raised with a mom taking care of him. Yes. And. And that's a very hard attitude to change. <SEP> Yeah. And without and and it's just they don't look at things. Most of the men don't walk into the kitchen and see that the dishes are there and that yes you probably ought to unload the dishwasher and load the new ones in and run it. Uh-huh. They just you know just scoot it on another spot on the sink and put the next plate down and in a while get around to it. And I think most women walk in and and and with Oh got to clean all this up. Got to get this out and this in and this you know taken care of instead of having someone say now this needs to be do- this is the time this needs to be done. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. But. And a lot of that is is how it was drilled into you when you were a kid. Which brings us back to the idea you know someone's got to be there taking care of the kids to drill in these you know drill in the right ideas to so that they know that uh you know male and female are both responsible for doing this. <SEP> That's right. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. And uh. <SEP> And I think that's that's going to show up a lot more now in the in the next generation of of boys and girls. It's not they're not going to the boys in this next generation are not going to have to be told as much this needs to be done because mom was there saying that dad is there you know. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> You both got to they were both working at whatever things were needed to be done. Um. Uh-huh. <SEP> They're going to say to the kids you need do this because it needs to be done not because it's a woman's job or a man's job but because it's dirty and it needs to be clean. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. But I think in between we got a group of kids a generation of kids who didn't learn to take responsibility because mom left to go get a job and dad didn't move in to fill the gap. And so basically no one was taking the responsibility. <SEP> And it's going to It's going to. And I think that's happened in a lot of cases. Yeah. Some kids are really having it. If they'd been in day care the entire time and it wasn't. Yeah. The ones that are now getting to be teenagers and in some cases young college. Uh-huh. Un you know some time day care is really good. <SEP> Yeah. But sometimes it's just it's baby-sitting. Yeah. It's someone you know keeping an eye on the kids. But the kids are basically doing what they want and not really having any relationship with the adults to say you know here's what's right. <SEP> Yeah. And here's what wrong. And here's what we expect of you. Yeah. I think that was one of the main reasons that I quit was because I wanted my kids to have my values. And I felt like when they were young that was the time to instill it. That it could be it could be added to and strengthened as they grew older but when they were little you know. Yeah. <SEP> This is the way I feel about this. And this is the way because I it's that you know. When you when you if you if you teach them when they're little the way you want them to be and the things that are important to you then you just you add onto it as they get older. Uh-huh. But if no one does anything when they're little then it's twice as hard as I think as they get older. Yes. I'm saying this as I'm trying to keep my nine month old from trashing something. <SEP> Yes. I understand. I wait until I put mine in bed before I make my calls. Yeah. Well she's usually in bed by this time. But she's staying up late tonight. But. Yeah. I want to have a relationship with her. You know my dad was a very traditional dad. And when I was a child I didn't really know my dad very well. And I miss that. And I want. That's the thing. If woman's role like we said if women's roles change drastically men's roles will too. Yeah. But men have to be convinced of that. <SEP> And a lot of it's for the better. Some of the some of the women's roles I think are almost for the worse because we're losing out on some things going back to work. But I think if we can if we can expand the men's roles at the same time like you're taking care of your child and your dad probably didn't very often. No. I know mine almost never did.
sw3325.txt:Okay. Well do you have a pet? I have two cats. And do and oh and two fish. Two cats. You're lucky. <SEP> Your two fish. And what do you have? Well my husband. You know how sometimes when you marry someone that you get along on everything except one major thing. <SEP> Oh no. My husband is a hunter fisherman outdoorsman Marlboro type person who had to have a sporting dog. So we have a black Labrador. Ooh. Beautiful gorgeous black Labrador. But to me he belongs up in the field you know in the ranch in the farm. <SEP> Right. Does he sleep in your house? And. Well because we finally negotiated that I was losing my mind uh he sleeps in the laundry room. And then he goes out for the day. But this this is a beautiful dog. And he is wonderful with our little girls. And he is he's comes from a purebred line. And there's nothing you could say bad about him except that I was more of a cat or a small dog person that you could sit in the chair and cuddle. <SEP> Right. Right. And this is huge. You know course when he runs around the yard he just digs. He doesn't know that he's tearing up things. But he does. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. And the worst part that I had with him he's he's three now was when he was uh about eight months old. Uh-huh. And I did not know what to expect from a dog having not had one. And I left him in the kitchen with the little baby gates up while I was gone for about an hour. And I came home. And he had ripped my wallpaper off my wall. <SEP> Oh my word. And it was in the floor. And I just about lost it. And I called. And I said come home and get your dog. And so he said well puppies just chew when they're nervous and I well I wish you had told me you know. Oh dear. And it was about eight months later he ate a piece of the linoleum. He kept picking at it. And I didn't kn-. The the tile in the kitchen and picked a hole in it. So the last thing he did was when I had sat out a whole lot of begonias in the backyard and he dug them all up and brought them to the porch. And I told my husband. I said you know it's either me or the dog. And he looked at me like well you know. <SEP> Good-bye. He loves this dog. And every night when he comes home from work he hugs it and talks to him. And he's a good dog. So it's one of those things I'm just having to get used to. And that's why I laughed when they called with the topic. I thought oh boy do I have a pet. But I I grew up with cats. And I'm very comfortable. <SEP> I love my cats. Yeah. I had one cat for eighteen years. I got her when I lived in Hawaii. Oh. <SEP> Before I even got married I had my cat. She's old. Well she I had to have her put to sleep last June. Isn't she? <SEP> Oh I started to say. Then you broke your heart. <SEP> Oh it was awful. It was just awful. Oh. But and she just sat there on my lap you know. Oh. <SEP> She just just waited. And. Bless your heart. Oh it was awful. That makes me feel so bad. <SEP> But her hair. But the bad thing was though she would pee in my husband's shoes. Yeah. Oh no. You know and she just liked his shoes. And he'd have these dress sh- hundred dollar shoes. Oh. <SEP> Oh no. Oh it was just bad. <SEP> And my closet. And it was oh something. Oh that's awful. I never heard of that before. Oh it was terrible. And once she did it you know then she would I mean she wouldn't. If our shoes sat side by side she would pee in my husband's shoes. Uh-huh. <SEP> She must have known he didn't like her or something. Or the smell or something. Oh anyway I I. And I would shut I would bar the closet doors and would car- vac- uh clean the carpets. <SEP> And. Uh-huh. Oh dear it was just awful. Well d- now does your cat sleep in the house? <SEP> That was very funny. They are they are house cats. I uh well I have two cats right now. Yeah. <SEP> And of course. Oh yeah. Good. They sleep with my kids. My kids my my fourteen year old son has an extra pillow on his bed just for the cat. Oh. <SEP> But the cat doesn't destruct does it? See it doesn't do anything. Oh no I I'm not going to have a dog. See. <SEP> We've had two dogs. And uh they both got ran over. After we had them for several years just nice little outside dogs. Oh no. But. Yeah. <SEP> Were just my kids' friends. They would go jog- they would go with me when I would go running. And and the last one got hit uh as she was following my one of my sons across the road to the school. Oh. Oh no. <SEP> It was awful. It was just. Oh that is. And it just it's too heartbreaking. But they do dig up. And they just they just wreck things. And I'm not a dog person. They do wreck things. <SEP> Well I'm not either. Ooh. I'm not either. And it's just been. <SEP> I wouldn't want a Lab. It sounds beautiful. But. He's beautiful. But it's just one of those concessions I just had to make. <SEP> But I kind of ignore him. Now today's the first cold we've had in Texas. And it's really cold and drizzly. And it's freezing. Um. And people are doing their fires. And I brought him in because he's just a wet mess out there. And he's in the laundry room with this little carpet square. And he's just huddled up like if you'll be nice to me I won't make any trouble you know. <SEP> And then my daughters both have hamsters. Oh. And I I. <SEP> And how old are your girls? They're eleven and eight. And I gave in at Christmas. Oh yeah. And they have they keep their cages real clean. It always smells of cedar. And they just sleep and eat bits of apple and carrots and. <SEP> Sure. I think they're cutting us off. No. That's. Oh. <SEP> Somebody's trying to cut in on my line. And I don't want to answer. Oh okay. I'll just wait. Okay. <SEP> No. I've I've got incoming calls. And I don't know why -body's calling. Oh okay. I I hate to cut it off. I think they would cut us off. I understand. <SEP> So we'll just wait. Okay. Well. Whoever it is will call back. They'll cut us off pretty soon. <SEP> Well it's somebody calling for my kids you know. Jeez. Yeah. I know. Actually it's my son. I know it is. <SEP> My older boy. He never likes to come home from school. Anyway that's what we have. And I have I've tried to start a fish tank. How does. And I keep losing all my fish. In the salt water? <SEP> Salt water or. No. Yeah. <SEP> Just regular water.
sw3268.txt:Well the types of vacations that I usually take. I usually come back more tired after my vacation then I do you know before I take it. Um I need to definitely take a vacation where all all I do is rest. And I guess to do that I'd probably have to take it at home. <SEP> Oh. But um the vacation spots that I like to go to are places like the Bahamas and Florida. I enjoy the beach. Oh I am after our last summer's vacation I am antibeach. Antibeach. <SEP> Uh-huh. We went to uh Cape Hatteras. Uh-huh. Well we we were out visiting one of our kids in Maryland. And we went down to Cape Hatteras for a few days. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh uh the the waves were huge. I've never quite seen waves like this one. Uh-huh. And uh I was standing in water not more than in barely above my ankles. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh you know when the waves go in the waves go out they kind of all of a sudden you're in sand above your ankles. Right. And I was standing there talking to my daughter. And this really big wave came and totally threw me. And one foot did not come out of the sand. And it tore the ligaments in my knee. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I'm never going to another beach again ever. I'm ma-. You might be like I am. I enjoy I enjoy going to the beach and to beach areas. But I really don't like to get in the water the ocean. I prefer a swimming pool. Well I I love to go and play around. At least I always did but although actually my I like the mountains. I uh I don't really like hot weather. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's my biggest gripe about living here. Uh-huh. And I basically don't want to go to a hot place on vacation. Right. I can understand that. <SEP> Oh. I my dream vacation is Alaska. Uh-huh. This is just someplace I've always wanted to go. That would be nice. <SEP> And someday I hope we can afford to just take a humdinger of a vacation up there. Uh-huh. I know I've taken several vacations to Colorado. And I used to live in Colorado oh sometime ago for a couple of years. And I really enjoyed that. Uh-huh. Yeah. I'd I'd like that. Uh I haven't been to Yellowstone for a long long time. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I would uh we've been talking about going there next summer. Uh I don't know we'll have to to. Yeah. I've never been up to the Yellowstone area. So. It's been a long time. But you know it seems when your family is is different places a lot of trips involved going to visit. That's right. That's right. You got that. <SEP> Oh I'm. We usually go up to Wisconsin at least once a year because this is where my husband and I are both from. Uh-huh. And my mother and his mother live up there feeling lost and alone because we moved down here. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh we've got one of our our kids lives out on the east coast. And so we have to you know go to those. Well you have you have a lot of vacation areas you can go to then. <SEP> Well I know. But I'm tired of them. Right. I want to go someplace different up there. That's right. <SEP> Uh my my idea I guess of the ideal vacation would be to begin with uh money be no object. You know so just absolutely you know first class fly where I want to rent a car if I want to. Uh you know just the really the nicest hotels and stuff like that and and not worry if somebody says well let's take this little side trip you know and not have to sit there and figure out um you know again we we fit that in there or not. Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh that that's what I um you know that's what I would like to do. I have no interest for example in taking a cruise. Uh-huh. To me why somebody would want to ride around on a boat for a few days is mind boggling. It would be sort of. I feel like it would be confining. <SEP> Yeah. You know I would rather much rather get on a plane and get there and then enjoy myself. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I just uh. That that does absolutely nothing for me. Uh-huh. But uh I don't know. I can say that I think my my favorite spots are still to go to go where there's mountains and and a lot of trees and and wildlife to view. And and uh I like that kind of stuff. I could just sit there all day and look at the scenery. Yes. <SEP> I I agree. I can I can do that too. And uh you know I think if I had if I had the money I would probably go to Europe every year. Because you know I think that they have they have it all over there in just a few tiny two two miles. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know there's mountains. And there's beaches. And it's all right there. So. <SEP> Yeah. Uh I I guess I've never really thought about it that way. Our uh. We have a daughter who's almost thirteen. But she's uh a very picky eater. Uh-huh. And our our standard excuse for not going someplace like that is you know gee Holly would starve to death if we you know we took her into the country. Oh. <SEP> So. So but I I would like if you know it was anywhere in the world to go I guess even though it's hot. Right. I would like to go to Africa.
sw3085.txt:Okay. Okay. I. My children as a matter of fact are all grown now. So I am assisting them with their children in their selections. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh great. So. Great. Well my children are grown. But they're teenagers. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I have three children um fifteen ages fifteen seventeen and twenty. Uh-huh. And um about I guess about when the first when the youngest one was in kindergarten I started working at a preschool and uh you know doing some work. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then I I took a couple of years off and then went back as a music teacher in a preschool. So so I am around not a day care situation but in the you know in the child care environment. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So um. Well I myself really feel like the structured day care program is more successful in today's environment than the one on one care is. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh when my children were growing up I actually had them up and until they were in the preschool situation I had them in a in a home with a lady who kept two or three kids. And I felt like that home environment was very important to them. Yeah. It was important to me. Yes. <SEP> And uh I feel like that they they had that one on one that's so necessary at that age. Uh-huh. Oh it is. <SEP> However in today's environment it may be more critical to have the ability to interact in large groups simply because that's the way our young people are are dealt with. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. In other words there're more people. They're dealt with in packages. <SEP> Yes. Yes. That's that's an interesting point of view. I uh you know. Seeing the children in the school the way I do I I mean I see the ones that we can always tell the ones that have not been around children at all when they come in as three year olds as opposed to the ones that have been in the program that started at twelve months maybe and were were even in there one day a week which is all our school provides for the you know for the under three year olds. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Sure. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But still they have an op- an opportunity to be with other children. Absolutely. And it is true. And uh I but I think that would but as far as looking for a place you know I the criteria I mean I think it's very important to have very caring people you know to take care of the. <SEP> Oh absolutely. Without a doubt. In a school if you're going to have the structure and you're going to have the large numbers you're going to need really. <SEP> Uh-huh. I recently stopped by McDonalds. And I was sitting out in their little playground while my granddaughter was playing on the things and was visiting with another mother who was there with her children. And she was telling me that she was given the opportunity to manage a day care center. And of course she was she had just gotten her degree. And she was so enthusiastic. And she was excited about it. And she was going to accomplish all of these things. Yes. Yes. <SEP> However uh when it came to hiring and staffing people who cared and who were willing to take care of those children and spend that kind of time the pay is minimal. Yes. It is. And it takes people with total and complete dedication who really don't want to make a living for themselves in order to be in that environment. Yes. That's right. That maybe. <SEP> Yeah. That maybe have another salary in their family that where they can do that. Absolutely. And that's what I had the opportunity of you know doing. <SEP> Uh-huh. And and I could concentrate on the creativity and and you know really having a lot of fun with the children and and providing them with a great atmosphere. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well they ask so much of those caretakers for the amount that that they pay. Yeah. <SEP> They are to be there ahead of time you know. They're there early to receive the kids. And they have to be there at sometimes six o'clock in the morning. That's right. Which is. Yeah. <SEP> And then then they have to work until the shop until the place closes at six P M. And then it's their responsibility to clean up and be prepared for the next day because they don't have cleaning crews in most of those. Yeah. Yes. That's true. That's true. <SEP> And uh she just had a terrible time keeping sincerely dedicated people simply because they could not live with a kind of hours and the salary. Yeah. Yeah. Uh and she. Because people can't pay to provide and. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Well ours is not you know ours is just is a church. And so we we don't have the the expenses of a building you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. We share the expense with the church. But we don't have enough. Sure. You know taking care of a whole building and that responsibility. <SEP> Uh-huh. So uh it is it is a lot different. Well I know that when my youngsters were small. Now my older son was adopted. So he went into child care at two weeks. Oh my goodness. <SEP> And uh my younger son went into child care at six weeks. Yeah. Yeah. So they were in that environment actually up until they became uh seven and nine. Uh-huh. <SEP> And at that point I said Look they have been given the custodial care that they need. And the after hours care has been as good a quality as I can provide for them. However they're going out into the school environment now. They're under a lot of other influences. I need to be here for them. I need to be involved in their school because I want to be the one who influences the way they develop. Yes. So I quit working after my kids started to school and got involved in volunteer work in their private school so that I could help direct their their learning experiences and their development. Oh you did? <SEP> Um. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> I I felt like that anybody who cared and loved the kids could change their diapers and feed them and bathe them and hold them. Uh-huh. Yes. Yes. <SEP> But when time came to direct their ability to make choices to develop the kinds of things that that they're going to need to interact with other people I felt like I needed some strong influence there. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> So I di-. Well that's different than most people do it. I mean a lot of people do it really the reverse and go to work after the children are in school you know. I know. <SEP> That's right. Once they get up in sch-. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But uh. Well I just felt very strongly about that. And I I did not work as a matter of fact. My son was in the second grade. And when he started uh at Skyline High School I asked him Son when uh you know where do I go to sign up for the P T A? And he said Mom don't do that to me. <SEP> Please don't do that to me. So I knew it was time to go back to work. But I feel very good about spending those years with my boys. Yeah. <SEP> Yes. That's true. Uh and I was just really grateful I only had one bad child care experience. It was in a home. Uh the care taker that they had had since they were infants just could not do it. She was from um uh uh Argentina. Uh-huh. <SEP> And she was going back home. And I couldn't just you know wait for eight three or four months and then bring them back to her. Yeah. So I had to find a new place. Yeah. <SEP> And I put them in this home. The kids cried when I took them. The kids cried wh- I could hear the kids crying when I went to pick them up. Oh dear. They were always cranky and irritable. Oh dear. <SEP> So I just took off and went there one day. And uh the children were left unattended in a room you know. They they were not well cared for. Oh how awful. And uh so it didn't take me long to take them out of that place. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. But that's the only bad experience I had. The rest of the time they stayed in La Petite Academy. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I was very pleased with their development and their progress. Uh-huh. They learned a lot of things in those public environments that you just as soon they didn't learn. But they're going to learn it sometime. So but for the most part they did have good care. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> And it did appear to me that the people who cared for them had a good concern for them. And in one particular case they had a summer program where they were to be taken to the Y and taught to swim which just pleased me to death because I've always been ha- you know been afraid of the water. Uh-huh. Oh yes. <SEP> Oh. However my older son came home. And he said Mom I don't like that man. Said he took me by the head and dunked my head under the water and told me I had to get my face wet or I'd never swim. Oh gosh. <SEP> Oh dear. Boy. It didn't take me very long to hot foot it over to the school and relay that to them. Yes. <SEP> And she said Well she said you know kids do exaggerate. But she said let's go ahead and send him another day or two days. And I promise you faithfully I will watch the instructor every minute and see exactly what's happening. Oh good. Yes.
sw2628.txt:Okay. What do you think about it? Well uh the roles have definitely changed in the last generation or so. Oh yeah. <SEP> Um I think a lot of it has to do with women working. Uh-huh. Yeah. I do too. I think it's going to. In like in the future I think all women are going to work. Yeah. I mean they may let you off for a day or two to have your baby. But that will be it. <SEP> Yeah. Or either they'll have a computer at home and in the hospital where you can just you know just continue right on with your work. Ye- yeah. I mean i- it really is coming to that because most women now days can not afford the time that they could take off unless the company pays them. <SEP> Right. Right. They can't even afford to take off you know to have children it seems like. And it and it seems if you're going to have kids uh that you are you know society has decided for you how many you can really have and make it. Yeah. <SEP> And uh because if you have you know two well if you go to work you're just working to pay for day care two or three you know um. Right. Now I was real lucky because my husband had a good enough job where when my kids were you know when I had them and when they were small until they got in junior high school my youngest got in junior high I didn't have to work. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh that is good. I mean I didn't work. I I needed to. But I didn't. <SEP> Yeah. Steve's Steve has a sister who has four. She just had her fourth one in uh March. And she doesn't have to work either. I don't know how they do it. I don- I don't know how people do it with one. You know um obviousl-. Let me tell you you go without a lot of things that you wo- you know. Yeah. Obviously we don't have any. And and I don't I think that's part of the role reversal is it's okay to get married and not have kids. Oh yeah. <SEP> And I think for society for such a long time said well you know you're married now you need to sa- have have your family. And I don't think it's been until recently that that they had decided that two people was a family. Right. Right. You know and. Well it's getting where you can't hardly afford if you're going to give your kids any kind of education and stuff you can't hardly afford to have over two. <SEP> Right. And I mean it's hard with two. Now we. Uh my youngest one. I have two. I have a son and a daughter. And my youngest one is going to be graduating from college soon. Oh !. And if I had a third one I just don't know where it would come from. <SEP> Yea-. Yeah. Because I work now. I work full time. And uh you know it. When you put them through college it just takes just about everything you got. <SEP> Yeah. They get loans and grants and scholarships and stuff like that. That helps out. But still it cost a lot. Oh yeah. I mean just the you know the cost of living and loans don't pay for groceries and stuff. Right. And cars and all their books. And the books are outrageous. I mean absolutely outrageous. <SEP> Oh I know. I know. And they're getting worse. Uh my daughter brought home a book the other day that she was going to have to have for her one of her next classes. And it was like ninety-six dollars. Gee. And this book is a little bitty skinny book. <SEP> Yeah. I said my goodness what is it lined in gold you know uh. Yeah. But it is it's getting worse. And if I'd of probably had three or four children I don't see how we could have made it you know without me working. <SEP> But that's that's probably because you know if you had three you you know would say if I'd of had four. I guess it's always not not being able to picture one more. But in essence you probably would have worked out fine. Right. But I think I would have had to work. Yeah. If I'd of had that many I'd of had to work in order for my kids to. You know even though he brings in a real good living and everything in order for me to keep up I would have had to work. <SEP> Yeah. But I think it's getting more and more like when you have one child now that's it you know. Then you go to work. And you work. <SEP> Yeah. Because if you have two or three kids by the e- way the inflation's going I think a woman's always going to have to work. And it's just going to be an accepted thing. There isn't going to be any of this you know very few people will ever stay home. Yeah. And and that's all right with me because I don't want to stay home. Yeah. <SEP> You know I think I'm just part of tha- the new stuff that is just. I don't know I think I would just go nuts sitting at home all day long. Well you know I can't imagine how I did because now I work all the time. Yeah. And um well I work all week. And um I can't imagine how I stayed home. <SEP> Yeah. You know I think to myself what did I do. And I think it just it revolutionized an where a woman thinks that a way you know just like. Now my daughter there's no way that she can imagine herself married at the age that she's at now. To her everything is you've got to go through college you've got to get a job you know. And then when everything's set up then you look for somebody that you want to spend the rest of your life with. But. I mean it is so far down the road. Right. Where now when I graduated high school the thing. <SEP> That's you did that's what you did. Uh. Uh-huh. And then you got married. And then you had a family. I mean that's just the way it was you know. <SEP> Yeah. And uh that's like when my mo-. I know when my mother's age it was always the kids and the family and everything had to come first. And the woman stayed home and took care of them. An. I uh I I like the way it is. Yeah. <SEP> It's uh being. See we're from Houston and so it's not so hard for people. You know you've been married three or so years. And you don't have kids well it's okay no- nobody does. But you come to a place like Belton. And th-. A lot of the kids here get married out of high school. Uh-huh. It's real small town. And i-. And a lot of people in our su-. We're the only couple in our Sunday School class except for one other couple who are in their forties. And they can't have children who don't have children. And they can't imagine why we would want to have children. And I'm going well you know there's more to life you know there's life in there that's. <SEP> You know not everybody has to have kids. And I'd rather spend the time with my husband than you know spending time. Here it's your turn you know. Yeah. But you know that now even. Whenever I was coming up and everything. And we got married right out of high school well a year after I got out of high school. Uh-huh. And uh I didn't have kids for four and a half years. But that was because I wanted to work. And I wasn't ready for kids. <SEP> Yeah. I think that's what it is. I'm not either. And everybody thought oh my gosh what is the matter with her you know. They're probably going oh I bet she can't get pregnant. Right. I mean they thought that it was terrible you know. And then when I'd tell them you know well I'm just not ready for children yet. Oh but that you know you better you better just get ready now. <SEP> Yeah. Well you don't just get ready. But I was kind of odd because as a general rule the people that married during my time they had kids within a year. Yeah. And I just was not ready for kids. I wanted to get out and work a little bit. And I wanted to travel and stuff like that which we did. And uh kids didn't fit in right then. But it's getting more and more like that where there's more and more couples. And really if you don't want the kids then it's not the time to have. I don't care what anybody tells you. <SEP> Right. And I think that more and more the attitude's getting that a way. Because that's like my daughter. Now she says that you know maybe when she's thirty she might want a child then. Yeah. And uh even though I'd like to have grandchildren I can see her point. <SEP> Yeah. Steve's mom finally uh finally s- you know said that that God will take care of us when it's our time. Right. She finally admitted you know she finally told me it's okay if you don't. But it took every nerve in her body to say that because she's from a very very old fashioned family. Uh-huh. <SEP> And she stayed home and raised her kids. And and she expected all of her kids to do that too. And their wives and to be the the housewife and have dinner ready by five and and you know be there at every beck and call. And I was raised totally opposite. How we got together I don't know. But. Because my mother had six girls. And you know she worked too. Yeah. And I guess I just. And I saw how life was when she stayed home. And it was rough. It was hard. And uh. Yeah. And it really is. I know. Just like now you know there's there's so much more now. All my income goes for things like luxuries. I mean it really does. Accept for what we give to my daughter to you know put her through college and stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. But the rest of it. We just buy things like boats. Or we go on trips or you know just the more or less like entertainment stuff. Right. But. <SEP> Yeah. I think you've you've earned that though. Yeah. I feel like I have you know because well we're just a age now. I'm not old. But I'm older. Uh-huh. And uh I got to stay home with my kids which I really wanted to do. But now I could not go back and do it. <SEP> Yeah. I really couldn't I don't think I could stay home all the time and do nothing. And I mean I did stuff. But to me it feels like I must have done nothing. Right. And I think it's just the new way that people are thinking. <SEP> Yeah. I think so. But uh. I think it would be neat if if they could incorporate into small and large businesses both a built in day cares where the children were there in the facility but not necessarily right there with you. Well you know more and more of them are. I don't know if it is up there where you are. But where I am the just like all the hospitals they're getting day care. <SEP> Uh-huh. Are they? But the reason they had to do this was because so many people you know so many women could not afford. Like you said if you had four kids or even if you had two kids you would be paying all your salary to pay for those two kids to go. <SEP> Right. So uh more and more of our hospitals especially over here are getting them. And then some of the bigger companies. But it's mainly the hospitals. Yeah. I don't know if the T I in Dallas does or not. I know I know nobody around here does it. We're it's too small around here. Oh really. <SEP> Yeah.
sw3223.txt:Well I almost forgot the topic. I was waiting so long for uh for it to find somebody. Um. It's on your favorite T V shows and why. Right. Well so what is your favorite T V show? <SEP> Uh MAJOR DAD. Oh you like that one? I I love it. I think it promotes good family values. And it's funny. Uh-huh. Uh I've never really watched that one. You know it's funny how you can just get in a mode where you only watch certain shows. <SEP> That's ri-. Yeah. And uh you know there's so there's only a few that I that I like to watch routinely. What kind do you like to watch? Probably my favorite is um oh. Well I like shows like GROWING PAINS. And uh what's the other one now they moved from Tuesday night to Wednesday night. So I don't get to watch it very much. <SEP> WONDER YEARS? WONDER YEARS. Yeah. That's my favorite. Uh. I like both of those real much also. I I think basically they pr- same thing they promote family values. Yeah. WONDER YEARS. I I guess that is supposed to be put out at a time when I was growing up or whatever. I guess I can really relate to it. And uh it's just a real cute show. Uh I I guess I like the shows that really have a real sense of uh I don't know honesty or sort of a purity value I guess. <SEP> I do too. I I don't like it uh lot of the shows that that I've liked in the past like uh oh GOLDEN GIRLS. And some of them tend to get so risque. And when you have children uh watching it that sometimes really starts to bother me. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Right. And uh that's one of the reasons. I mean if you want to go all time favorite show probably one of them was LITTLE HOUSE ON THE PRAIRIE. Uh-huh. Yeah. My wife really likes that show. <SEP> Yeah. Which I just I was I always felt was wonderful. Uh-huh. Uh and so many of them nowadays like I said I think are just um. Yeah. <SEP> Uh they they go after well. They. Like I said the risque stuff just I guess they think that's what people want to watch. Yeah. Well there was. But there's a sense of ho- I guess purity in the show. Like one of my favorite shows used to be HAPPY DAYS. Yes. But uh you know Richie always used to be so you know just so honest and pure I guess. <SEP> Yeah. And when he left the show you know that it seemed to be missing that part of it. Uh-huh. And I never did like it after that. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I don't know. I I say see the same thing in like WONDER YEARS and a lot of the shows that I like to watch. There always seems to be that kind of value in there somewhere. Yeah. I I agree. Uh do you like the sports programming? Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um I I enjoy those also almost as as much to a certain extent. I'm. Our whole house is baseball fans. Uh-huh. And uh we enjoy that. And uh. So you're going to watch a game tonight? <SEP> Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So do you do you have a favorite for the series or anything? Uh probably the Pirates. But only because of Steve Bushel I guess. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> Otherwise I really don't care that much. But uh you know I'm I'm annoyed that the Rangers got rid of him. And uh I'd like to see him do well like all the way to the bank I guess. Yes. Yeah. He's a nice guy. <SEP> I take it you live in the Dallas area. Pardon? Do you live in the Dallas area? <SEP> Live in live in Plano. Uh-huh. Yeah. I live in Garland. And yeah. I I like Steve Bushel. But I don't really like the Pirates. I'm a big Saint Louis Cardinals fan. Uh-huh. So uh I'm kind of I'm kind of pulling for the Braves over all. They you know they they've come from so far down. <SEP> Uh-huh. I really would like to see them do well. Well yeah. Yeah. It's uh. So I keep hoping the Rangers are going to do. Yeah. One one year they. Maybe they'll make it I don't know. <SEP> Right. So but uh yeah. I like sports programming quite a bit. But uh I guess my my favorite shows are the. And you know that getting back to the point that you made that's really true. We were watching ROSEANNE I guess couple of weeks ago. And her daughter was talking about birth control you know. Uh-huh. And my daughter was kind of walking in during that time. And you know she's only seven years old. So. <SEP> Well it's. So many of them now um you know it just seems like they feel like they have to stick that stuff in. And and uh you know I'm you know I'm I'm an adult. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> And I have adult tastes now. But I don't need that. Yeah. Yeah. Uh I I like things that uh are are wholesome I guess. Yeah. Well that that seems to be more our values too. Like the WONDER YEARS I I mean it's kind of risque stuff for maybe for teenagers. You know or and you can kind of relate to it you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. I don't know. That's. I enjoy that a lot. Yes. Yes. But uh you know I agree with you. The. And it's funny because the shows. Like a lot of them that used to be considered risque like THREE'S COMPANY and stuff I think they they maintained. People would watch them because. There was that uh you know there was really the period that was going on there. I mean he really wasn't messing around with the girls. But everybody perceived him that way and stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. But as soon as you know he went to move in with another girl the show just died. Yeah. And it's it's interesting that a lot of the shows are that way.
sw2067.txt:Well um with credit cards is me I uh I try to get maybe just one or two. I don't I don't like having credit cards for every store. I I uh I just don't like them. What are you afraid of with them? What am I afraid of? <SEP> Yes. Um I don't know if I'm really afraid of spending too much. I just uh don't think that I need them you know. I. Uh they are tempting at times. But I I just you know sometimes I just don't like everybody knowing everything about me you know. So. <SEP> Well that's very can be very very true. So and th- you know everybody just gives you a credit card just so you'll spend money. So. Well that's the idea. They figure that if they give you card at no charge for a whole year that you will use it. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And. That's right. See they make money off of it whether you use it or not. <SEP> Absolutely. Well the other thing of course is the fact that they hope you will not pay your bill at the end of the month so that you would be paying interest. That's right. <SEP> Uh-huh. I use mine a great deal um for groceries for everything that I can and then just write one check at the end of the month for the entire thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's what I do. Right. That's what I do. Just a second. Sorry. <SEP> That's all right. Sounds like you have a little one there. I have two little ones. Yes. Oh you have. Yeah. So tha-. <SEP> Great. How old are they? Um four and two and half. Oh boy. Those are two very active ages. Yes. So yeah. Um I'm I'm like you. I I use my only use my credit card for um you know when I you know. I just use it whenever I feel like I don't want to write a check. And then but I don't charge anything that I can't payoff at the end of the month. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. Well uh do you uh do you ever use the A T M machines? No. I never do. My husband does at work just to get cash out. But uh I take the checkbook. So I you know I just if I need cash I just tell him. And he gets it out. And I don't even think I know my number. <SEP> Well I find it a great use from the standpoint that you don't have to continue to write checks in order to get cash. Uh-huh. That's right. See we he couldn't do without it h- but you know since he can just do it right there at work for nothing. <SEP> Oh that helps. Right. Yeah. <SEP> Well the the other thing some people are not aware of is they will use their A their credit card like their Visa or their MasterCard for cash. Uh-huh. And when they do that they begin paying interest right from that very day on. You're right. And that's kind of silly. <SEP> Yeah right. Absolutely. Yeah. Because they they figure that that's correct. You're defeating the purpose. <SEP> The idea is to use their money. Yeah. <SEP> And uh during that whole month and then pay it at the end of the month. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I get I get at least one or two a week. People t- you know sending me a credit card or calling me on the phone and I just say I don't want it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. Because I. <SEP> Well I think that's the only thing you can do is just say no and mean no and not be tempted. Yeah. It's like I'd like to know where they determine that I'm such a good credit risk that they can go and say you get this much credit line. You know. <SEP> Well i-. You've already been preapproved. Oh absolutely. Preapproved. That's their favorite word. Yes. Everybody in the country is preapproved I think. <SEP> I think so you're right. So. Well it's interesting uh that uh people have the generally the same view. Of credit cards no matter where you go. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> And then some people they get so wrapped up in them that they find you know one day they find wow I didn't realize I had this much you know I'd spent this much money. That much stuff. <SEP> Right. And then they can't meet the minimum monthly payments on it. Well and some people use one credit card to pay for another credit card they own. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I mean that does nothing but exacerbate the entire problem. Yeah. It does because you're you know you you're you know you're just co- costing yourself more money because you if you can't make the monthly the minimum payment you're paying interest again. That's right. So. <SEP> That's right. Yeah. So. Well it's been enjoyable talking with you. Yeah. It's enjoyable talking with seeing that somebody feels the same way. So well. <SEP> Right. Well take good care. Take care of your little ones. You you too. Good luck. Uh-huh. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye-bye.
sw3015.txt:Uh national health insurance I think is a problem inasmuch as the quality of health care that people would receive. Right. Yeah. Because uh the articles that I've read regarding national health service in Canada and England has indicated that uh. What i-. Stay stay in line for uh four hours to get an aspirin from a doctor. <SEP> Right. Yeah. I'm I'm sort of mixed on this. I think that the the answer may lie in uh not in so much a uh national kind of medical thing that li- like England has but more of a um national insurance uh sort of clearinghouse or whatever. I think that uh too many uh. The problem with with right now is w- that we've got too many different health insurances that people have to go through. And and I think that I think you you mentioned Canada. I think that they have a system where uh they the government deals with the with. I mean you you go to whoever you want but file through one one s- particular uh setup. Um I see. And that way they they are able to reduce prices because they've you know it's it's all one one centralized thing. Yeah. Well I I think that uh again having gone through a period when I was out of work and had to buy health insurance on my own if you don't have a company supporting you in the uh picking up the major portion of your health insurance the cost is p- almost prohibitive. <SEP> Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. Uh I I was listening uh on the radio the other day. And they were talking that s- s- something like this. I think they were talking about the fact that um the money that could be saved um in administrative costs and so forth nationwide by consolidating into sort of a national insurance provider um could uh could. They could make it i- i- provide health insurance to to people who couldn't afford it just by the money they would save. Yeah. Uh we're currently where I'm working now under Blue Cross. I don't know what the total cost of the program is. But for dependent coverage I'm paying a hundred and seventy dollars a a month or something like that. <SEP> Right. So I assume that probably the total cove- cost is probably three fifty to four hundred. They're probably picking up about half of it. <SEP> Right. And that's a pretty good policy. But if you had something like one of these uh health maintenance programs. <SEP> Or one of whatever the type name is H M O uh where the uh where you go to the doctor and it only costs you ten dollars and the insurance picks up the rest. If you tried to buy something like that I'm prob- it would probably be five or six hundred dollars a month for just the cost of something. Yeah. H M O. <SEP> Yeah. And they're they're fairly expensive. I I um I ha- I was on an H M O uh up until last year and uh through work. Yeah. <SEP> And it was. I forget how much I paid a month. But it was much you know is at least twice if not more expensive than the regular health care. Yeah. And uh the reason I I quite was because of uh not because I didn't like it. I I really kind of did. Uh the reason I quite was just because the the doctor a a certain doctor that we en- enjoyed going to was no longer associated with that H M O. So we my wife decided she wanted to to stay with that doctor. Yeah. <SEP> So we went to the to the the medical insurance that we have at here at work. Yeah. And uh I uh I like the I like the convenience of the H M O in in a certain respect because it uh even though you're. Once you find the doctor that you like it's not a problem. You know a lot of people complain saying well I don't want to uh have to be told who I need to go to. But you know if you don't have a doctor anyway normally it doesn't really make much difference. Because you can you know if if you find someone you really like. Yeah. That's right. <SEP> And then we did find several good doctors. And um like you say it's uh five dollars an office visit. And um my wife was in the hospital had our had our daughter. And I think her total bill was around three hundred dollars for everything. Oh goodness. Uh that included uh you know the doctors the time the the hospital a- an- everything. Delivery room and everything. Delivery room and everything. <SEP> Yeah. Include- including a private room because there was a little extra that she had to pay. But that was that was still included in that pr- that cost. So. Yeah. <SEP> It's really nice because they th- you know their their attitude is different than than a regular uh insurance uh health insurance uh the in in a H M O you know. They're trying to prevent a problem by by keeping the cost down at the front end you know and have you come in you know. Yeah. They they charge five dollars. A s- you know pop. Yeah. <SEP> You're more willing to go in and try to take care of a problem before it grows big. As to a company's benefit to have a program like that because it keeps their employees healthy and on the job. <SEP> Yeah. Because they don't have to worry about going in and and paying uh seventy-five dollars to have the doctor look at you for ten minutes. <SEP> Right. That's a. <SEP> Yeah. I I uh I I really liked it. We both my wife and I both did. You you don't have to worry about filling out forms uh you know for reimbursement and all or you know getting paid eight percent of of whatever. You just pay the the five dollars right then. And then you're done with it. Yeah. But here again the the doctor's practices in hospitals have gon- become fairly sizable businesses under themselves now. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh you take a hospital uh the physical plant itself. You have to pay your share of the operating of that eight story building uh when the e- rooms are empty. Right. So they spread the costs out over uh all the patient costs. And uh that's how you come up with aspirin that costs four dollars apiece and things like that. The horror stories that you hear about people going into the hospital for a week and uh it being a four thousand dollar bill. <SEP> Right. <SEP> Well they and you know they're also p-. Take-. They're taking up the cost of people who can't pay. Right. You know they they get a lot of uh a lot of uh people who are j- just have to be there and can't afford it. And so they they know they're not going to get pa- you know get money from them. Yeah. <SEP> So they have to absorb it somewhere else. Yeah. Yeah. My daughter and son-in-law had a baby here about uh what. <SEP> He- he'll be three in August. Uh-huh. And uh their insurance plan that they're under encourages you to shorten your stay in the hospital. <SEP> Right. And like she went in. She had the baby. And she was out in two days time. Right. And it was treated almost like it was an outpatient visit to the hospital. <SEP> Right. The the deductibles didn't apply. Right. And so that's one way one way the insurance companies are trying to hold costs down is by uh. Okay. If you'll shorten your stay then we will uh waive the deductible. <SEP> Right. Our our insurance is uh is doing something similar where they're also going to mor-.
sw2184.txt:Uh being a former drug user. I uh I I guess I have to say at this point that I do approve of it. Whoa. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh because I know that uh in using drugs I was not a good employee. Uh-huh. And so I can see from the company's standpoint that there uh. Whenever you are an employee of the company you are using its assets. And uh b- you are also under their liability under the Workmen's Comp. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh on my job we had a lot of Workmen's Comp cases. And I work for a tire company Modern Tire. Where do you work? <SEP> Oh. And uh it's also a retreading plant. And that's where most of our uh injuries occur. Uh-huh. And what we do is we'll have a drug test if an if a a break or a man uh has an accident. Then he's automatically uh given a drug test. <SEP> Right. Do they do it like you know within hours of the accident. Or is it? Yes. When he goes to the doctor the first time. Yeah. And so that kind of uh. I don't know if it's been a deterrent or not because we have uh just started using it oh for the past year or so. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Now we've let some people go uh that wa- we was found that drugs were used in their system. Now I don't know how T E C would handle it. They haven't pursued it you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh if there's some uh problem I know. There was one guy that we tested for preemployment for drugs who absolutely swore up and down that it showed that he was using amphetamines. And he went to a a separate drug testing firm. Yeah. And they showed it negative. <SEP> Huh. So I think the tests themselves are not really that cut and dried you know. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I think that's probably true too. That's that's that's sort of scary. Uh-huh. Really. And then I also had a friend who was just around some people that were smoking cocaine. Yeah. And he tested positive on cocaine. Now then you always wonder well is he just saying that. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Really. Really. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's a bad situation. I think that probably I think most companies now as far as entry you know exams require that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I think they should. Uh-huh. <SEP> I'm a T I employee. And and and uh I'm I'm really gung ho for it. Uh-huh. In fact I you know. Some of the places now um like I B M don't allow them smoking you know in in the plant. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. We we have designated smoking areas. Yeah. <SEP> But um I work in sort of a building that's that's not really well. It's on the campus of the T I facility. But it's a little bit you know separated. We lease the building. And it's it's a factory environment. Uh-huh. And uh they they have designated smoking. But it's just wide open. It's not ventilated properly. Yeah. <SEP> And I think that's bad. But as far as the drugs you know being in the factory kind of environment that way I think it's a it's a definite I think it's essential. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Because you're endangering everybody's lives if you if it's something like that. <SEP> Yeah. In fact we've had the policy on just the random testing now for a couple years. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I I was giving my boss a hard time because I kept waiting for my name to came come up you know. They never they never called me. They never you know. And finally the day we declared war was my time. You're kidding. <SEP> No. And so and and my boss has has gone for about like three times I think. And I told him he's obviously in a high risk group. The executives right? Right. Right. And of course you know they did specifically single them out when we started you know that they were going to do all them first. <SEP> The executives? Uh-huh. Yeah. Wouldn't that be awful if you were if you were using and and oh lose your job and everything. <SEP> Which I thought was interesting. Oh man. Yeah. <SEP> Ooh yeah. I can't believe I was so brazen before. I like I say I'm a former drug user. Uh-huh. But uh I I well I I accepted Christ as my Lord and Savior. And so I don't use drugs any more. <SEP> Oh what kind of drugs did you use if you don't mind? Uh marijuana cocaine and amphetamines. Wow !. Um yes. Uh-huh. <SEP> And all on the job too. Really? You know it had gotten that bad. <SEP> Well it's really lucky that you got away from that. Really. Cause that's really downward spiral. It's it's. Life is so much more enjoyable. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I was losing jobs just from doing a poor job you know. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's it. I mean you know there's all kinds of drawbacks much less the drug testing. <SEP> Yeah. Just life in general. Uh-huh. That's right. Yeah. Well well I'm definitely for it. Yeah. <SEP> Plus you know you you want to think that that you're working with people who are not only putting out their fair share but that are not endangering your life. That's right. In some cases. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Like uh my husband uh several years back worked for Motorola. Uh-huh. And they had you know. I mean it was a chemical handling type. Oh goodness. <SEP> Yeah. I mean and they have they have some serious chemicals out there you know. Yeah. Like they have emergency shower where you just run in there and strip off and dump water you know that kind of thing. Yeah. <SEP> And they had people out there using all sorts of drugs handling those chemicals. Oh my gosh. And that's really that's really frightening. Yeah. <SEP> So I think some place you know places like that it should be like mandatory like you know on on a on a greater frequency than maybe just you know paper pushers like like I am. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> I would think there would be. Well well you'd think so. But uh. But they weren't? <SEP> I don't know if they do it till yet. Isn't that awful. Because when he was at. Course now it's been years now because it was before it was even before they had the the designated smoking type stuff you know at T I. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I forgot what. I guess it was like eighty-four eighty-five something like that. Yeah. And they at that time they had no testing whatsoever. Huh. <SEP> So that's scary. Yeah. That reminds me of uh. I have a friend who was telling me about her brother who gets high all the time. And I have just casually asked her what he did for a living. And she said Oh he's the supervisor of this chemical land fill you know where they go and dump all this toxic stuff. Oh Lord. <SEP> Oh. And I just you know went Oh where? Yeah. Should we move? Let me move as far away as possible. <SEP> Ooh. Yeah. That's awful. But I'm proud though that that um you know I grew up in the sixties. And back then it was popular you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. But people have really wizened you know become wise about drugs. <SEP> Yeah. And they really have a good campaign for the young people you know. Uh-huh. They know it's not smart. So. So I guess it was just a generational thing. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Peer group is the other way now instead of. That's right. And that's good. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's. That's the best way to stop it. Yeah. That it really is. Yeah. Well I think we did it. <SEP> Okay. So it's good talking to you. Well I enjoyed talking to you Cathy. Yeah. Bye-bye.
sw3655.txt:So uh what do you think about child care. Oh well my my feelings on it is uh I wouldn't take a child to day-care. You know? Right. <SEP> I mean I'd I'd wind up uh. Just a baby-sitter in a home. Probably find someone. How come you wouldn't take them to a day-care? Uh. Just because of the. <SEP> Well too many kids and and I think too many infections and things coming in. Yeah. They seem to pass a lot of. Yeah. Sicknesses and. I don't know. Then all the things you hear about them. Yeah. You kind of wonder whether or not. <SEP> Yeah. I mean I'm sure there's some good ones. But I just. I don't think that I would uh. I took uh Cammy to a oh. It was a preschool day-care type of thing. Oh uh-huh. But I kind of I liked it some ways. And some ways I didn't. Uh I think the ratio of kids to teacher is really important. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. And. How was it? Well I think they had a they had two teachers. And I think there were twenty kids. But I only had her going two days. And most of the other kids were going more days. So that was probably my own fault that she didn't. <SEP> Oh. She went. Oh you know one thing I noticed is uh uh just they were trying to get her to teach her to write her name. And uh I didn't notice it until this summer when I was working with her that she would bend her wrist all the way oh not in a natural sh- form. <SEP> Oh she did? Yes. And uh I was kind of m- mad that they had never noticed that and either pointed it out to me or or uh tried to say look you're holding your. She was holding her pencil in the right fingers and stuff. Sh- but she was. Wrapping her arm all the way around. Yes. <SEP> Yeah. And uh I hadn't worked with her on writing at all at that point. She was four or three. Yeah. She was uh it was last year. And uh then this summer I got the thing from the school that says things to work with the kids on. And I w-. Like I said I didn't notice it till then. Because I hadn't worked with writing letters or anything and stuff like that. Oh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well they'd never picked it out though? No. <SEP> Huh. They never. Or just never said anything. Course like I said I took her two days a week. And maybe that was. My main reason for taking her was uh just social skills more than anything else. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I felt she needed the s-. Just I didn't feel like she was mature enough socially. <SEP> Yeah. And uh. Well one thing that's kind of different too though a preschool than than taking a a infant or to at a day-care where they're taken care of. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh yeah. I think it would be hard to take them to people you don't know. Preschool's a different thing. But I think it's hard to take kids to somebody you don't know and or unless you have awfully good references. Reliable uh people. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. It's so hard to take young kids anywhere for very long. Well I think it's hard to leave them. It is. It is. The older ones it's not. You don't even really have any real worries because you know that they'll play with whoever's there. And they usually adapt pretty well. <SEP> Yeah. But uh. Yeah. It it is I think just hard to leave them because nobody will give them the kind of care their own families will. Well and you know their kind of their schedules. And you know if they're upset and that type of a deal. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I don't know how uh people uh that have young kids working work full time and and do it really without being stressed out all the time. I think it's well. I don't know. Then then on the other hand I think it's harder to stay home in some regards. It's hard to always keep yourself feeling like you're doing something productive. And at the end of the day your house still feels like it's a mess. And you haven't got anything done. And. Oh yeah. What am I going to fix for supper. <SEP> Oh yeah. It is. Yeah. It's kind of hard to always feel gosh. What. Is this important what I'm doing. And. Yeah. Well uh the work never ends. No. <SEP> That's for sure. No. It It doesn't. So. <SEP> Huh. But I think for taking kids to a probably people that take them to uh preschools and day-cares full time oh. They would I don't know probably just feel a different uh. I think I just think it would be hard to do that full time. I feel such a responsibility even when we go out for a few hours that. Are they driving the baby-sitter crazy. And you know. Uh-huh. Or is everything okay.
sw2641.txt:Okay. Well you. Do you have any pets? Um we got two cats. <SEP> Two cats. Yeah. And uh um. Yeah. We had cat you know my family had cats when we were growing up the whole time until my Mom developed an allergies. Uh-huh. So I mean I'm used I'm used to having cats around. I like them. <SEP> Yeah. I like having ca- cats around or pets around in general. I I favor dogs over cats actually. But. Oh see I'm not uh I'm not a dog person at all. Oh I'm I'm a dog person. I had. I guess it depends on what you had when he were a kid right? Yeah. Probably. I was allergic to dogs when I was a kid in fact. <SEP> Uh-huh. I may still be. Um we. But not cats. That um. I wonder sometimes. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um but we um we house sat for a um my um my wife's boss a couple weeks ago. And um uh he has a dog and everything. We were you know we were sitting the dog and everything. And uh I felt like just miserable all weekend. And it really didn't dawn on me until Sunday. It was like hey maybe you're still allergic to the dog. It was like oh that could be it. The thing I don't like about dogs sometimes is that the house will just reek of the dogs and constantly. Yeah. <SEP> Well dogs are real high maintenances. You got to take them for walks. And you've got to pay a lot you know. You need to pay attention to cats and everything. But it's not quite the same thing. Yeah. That's true. Um and um um you know it's it's just nice that cats you know cats yeah you don't have to let them outside you know. All cats are indoor cats. <SEP> Uh-huh. So you know they're not yo- w- you're not worried about them running all-around the neighborhood. And you know they you know they they make their mess in the cat pan which is. Limited. Yeah. It's you know it's a pain to clean. But you know we used to. I mean they got great stuff out now for cleaning cats' pans. They didn't. <SEP> Oh really? Well when I was you know when I was growing up I had a clean the cat pan all the time. And I hated it because I had to carry everything upstairs and you know and use this thing to you know scoop the take the stuff out and put it in the toilet and everything. It was really terrible. But now they have like this you get these liners that is garbage bags you know. Uh-huh. And you and you you know the. <SEP> Oh that sounds so easy what I did. Yeah. The cats do it in there. You pull it and take it out and throw it away. And that's it. Yeah. I housesat from cats for a friend of mine which she was finishing up her thesis. Uh-huh. <SEP> And what we used to do was just put um newspaper on the bottom and then put cat litter. And then I would just take the whole thing to the garbage can and dump the whole thing. Same idea. Then I would do it you know everyday or two days so I would clean that pan very very rarely. Everyday? <SEP> And so it wasn't so bad. Oh okay. I see. Two cats and just as easy. It just never started smelling. I would put just a little bit of cat litter in there because if I put a lot one of the cats would have been. Uh-huh. <SEP> All of her animals that she ever had were adopted. Uh-huh. I that true. Yeah. Yeah. She's even got she's got one dog now and the two cats. And her dog there is is basically a reject. Somebody had bought him and wanted him. Uh-huh. <SEP> It was her ex boyfriend and you know just was not mature enough to keep the dog didn't realize how much work it was. And now she's stuck with it. Uh-huh. And she's just so kindhearted that she just takes all the animals. But I think that for me well my husband just has completely nixed the idea of having a dog or a cat. <SEP> Because that's all there is to it. So you know. So you don't have anything right now? No. We don't have anything right now. Oh except the kid. Huh that's. <SEP> Oh right. Now we have a kid. But he was no completely against having a dog or cat. He said they're much they're as much work as a kid. And they're harder to get rid of for the weekend. And. Uh I don't I don't know because the cats pretty much um. Yeah. We can leave them for a weekend as long as we put plenty of food out. Uh-huh. And um uh it's not a big deal really. I mean they're they're happier when we're around. But you know they they're pretty much okay by themselves. Um and I don't you know we couldn't do that with a dog. <SEP> That's uh yeah really true. But like the friends other friends of mine have cats. They have four of them. And if they go away they have they hire a pet sitter to come in twice a day and pet them and things like that. And their cats you know they're so used to the attention that if they don't get it they get really upset. Well that's That's um pampering the the petals. And you know they sort of cause trouble around the house and things like that. <SEP> I I tried to have um figured something having. So I tried to have a goldfish. Uh-huh. And um I killed that one within a very short amount of time. But they're not that much fun you know. You can't take them for a walk. You can't you know. They they don't they can't fetch you know. <SEP> Right. They ca- they can't do anything. So I've never. I think we had fish sh- when I was a kid. But I don't. My brother had fish when I was a kid. I remember that. And one of his fish jumped out of the um gosh what do you call it fish tank. And fried itself on the radiator behind the dresser. I'll never forget that. Because I remember my brother he came home and he counted the fish. Oh. <SEP> And one of the fish was missing. And they couldn't find it anyplace. They couldn't figure out what had happened. And then they found it fried on the radiator behind. Oh. It was not gross. I didn't see it. But um got them. Oh. <SEP> Trying to remember we had a dog for a while. And I don't know if we got rid of the dog. Because my brother was allergic to it. My brother had asthma and some allergies which I think he's outgrown now. Uh-huh. But because of that we didn't have very many pets afterwards. And then he had fish. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you. They're like you say they're not the most exciting pet to have. No. It's like. I just I don't know. I I just never understood why what the attraction. I mean they're you know they're pretty and everything. But I've just never s- seen the attraction of having fish. It's not as much fun. Well a friend of mine had um an eel. An eel? <SEP> And then he had a um. I forget what type of fish it was. It was one of these fish that i- it would eat it ate a big other fish and things like that. There would be sort of moby fish in a tank. Oh now we really get sick. Yeah. And it. I I couldn't see having fish like that. Yeah. <SEP> I could see some having maybe some of the tropical fish that are really really pretty. But. Like I remember a friend of mine at work telling me that at his frat in college that they had a tank of piranha and uh you know used to drop mice in. Uh-huh. This is not these aren't cats you know. <SEP> Yeah. This is gross. Yeah. No. That would be. What did they do everyone come around and watch them. Yep. <SEP> I mean I guess that's fine if you have a mouse problem at your frat house and your things destroyed the mice. Yeah. Well. But. Yeah. Well a cat will do the same trick. <SEP> Let's see. I had a pet rat for a while. And it was a live rat. And um this woman just offered it to me while I was in in graduate school. And she was actually a very fun pet. I had a friend in col- I had a friend in college who had a um had a pet rat for a while. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um I forget how she got it. But it was um it was the same kind of a deal. I think she got it. I think she was a psych major. And she got it from the psych department. <SEP> Yeah. Mine had been a a a. How did this work. A mill rat had been bought. And the people in the lab one day called in my friend and said you know this rat is acting really strange I think he's sick. And she said I don't think he's sick I think she's pregnant. Whoops. And they had misclassed the sex of back there. And so um she asked me if I want to one of those babies. And I took the baby. And I got her when she was you know just this tiniest little thing like half the price of a mouse. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then she grew to be you know. I had pictures of her when she would sit on my hand. And then she grew to be pretty big you know like a pound or something. Uh-huh. I don't know how much. And I had her for over two years. And she was very affectionate. She would you know crawl on me. And she would sit like on my neck or my shoulder while I was working and things like that. Yeah much more than you would think. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh yeah. I mean you know if you get them young and everything before they go kind of nuts. So. Yeah. And. Yeah. Rats are not my favorite animals in the world. But I could see getting one from birth and everything. <SEP> Yeah. I sort of weird for me to have had one too. But there. It was a convenient little pet to have because it stayed in its cage. And you know it was easy. Easy to take care of. Yeah. And but. Yeah. I I I have friends with hamsters and gerbils. And they they tell me the same thing. <SEP> Uh-huh. I just. Again it gets into vivant much fun you know what I guess they can be. I. Actually it was more fun than you would think. Yeah starting from the beginning. But um. Yeah. We live also live in the city now actually in Manhattan. Okay. <SEP> And so it's almost impossible to. It's not fair to a pet to have a pet here or certainly certainly not a dog. Right. I mean people do. Oh people. <SEP> But it's not. I don't oh. Plus I mean the pooper scooper one New York. So you know. Oh yeah. You see all these people yeah these stately people and well dressed people out walking their dogs with their plastic bag or their piece of paper for them. It's really kind of funny. Yeah uh. I was living in northern Jersey when that law came through remember hearing all about it. <SEP> Uh-huh. We were wondering if they uh they had any special law for the horses in Central Park. Right. No. They don't. I should make you. Of course not. <SEP> They have um the bags behind them. But I think they're actually supposed to keep them yeah keep them clean. Hit the bags. But oh gosh I can't even walk by Central Park yeah when summertime. Just the smell is so bad of the horses. Oh God I can't Haven't been up there. <SEP> Last time I was there was fall so probably wasn't that bad. Oh well it's not that long ago. It was Oh twelve times of the year. Not this past fall. But I mean fall a few years. <SEP> I mean it w- it was in the yeah it was almost like October of eighty-five. Uh-huh. I think was the last time I was up up there and at Center Park. <SEP> Yeah. Um I had a friend who went to Colombia. And I used to go up and visit her. Uh-huh. Um so. <SEP> Yeah. That's not too far from were we live. Do you have you said you had two cats. Are they um just what you call it are they breed cats or anything. Or are they just. No. They're just mutts. Uh-huh. Yeah. My wife got them from uh um friend of hers at work and everything you know you know as kittens. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it was before I mean this was before we even met. Um she's had them for a couple years. And um you know they're really cute. They're they're sisters. Uh-huh. One of them is a lot bigger than the other one. And she pushes the other one away from the food. Apparently w- I don't know all the details. But they were born around Christmas because one of them is named Tinsel. And the other one is named Holly. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know the scr-. They're both females? Both yeah both females they're both spayed um or whatever it is neutered you know um. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And they're they're both declawed at least on the the front claws. <SEP> Uh-huh.
sw2094.txt:Uh Robert what do you uh think what substances do you think are the most uh likely causes of air pollution? Um gee. I don't I mean. I I guess it's the stuff that comes out of automobile exhaust you know. They say in the paper nitrous oxides and ozone and all that. Right. <SEP> So I believe them. But I'm not a chemist. Do you uh do you think that those are bigger contributors than things like ai- acid rain and some of the pollutants that come from uh industrial areas factories and so on? I don't really know um. I grew up in Los Angeles and have felt like I was victimized by air pollution. I was going to say. And and you so you understand smog. <SEP> I understand it very well. And in fact I was a private pilot there. Uh-huh. And I can remember very etched etched clearly in my mind uh flying and coming up above the smog layer at about three thousand feet and looking back down and and really being unbelieving at what looked like a uh. Wow. <SEP> It just looked liked peanut butter. My word. Thick and brown and so on. And that was a few years ago? <SEP> This was quite a few years ago. This was in the nineteen sixties. I I wonder if it's any better now. Because they uh California has such strict rules um about emissions and so on. People say that it is somewhat better. <SEP> Right. Um I I don't know if you he- re- heard about the uh recent legislation in uh Colorado uh against a power company uh that's actually on Indian land I believe. But uh it has been ruled against uh regarding air pollution because they think that it's causing terrible smog over the Grand Canyon. And um particularly in the winter months. Um. So they. It was uh a landmark case because it's unusual to um. I can. They they were talking about shutting it down or if it didn't comply and so on. <SEP> So did it burn coal? I don't know that. The information is one of those wire services kind of news pieces of news you know. So it's hard. I never did see the full story. So I don't know. Yeah. But they said that that it really caused so much smog over uh the Grand Canyon in the winter months that they couldn't do the uh piloting uh you know the helicopter trips and that sort of thing. Which would be horrible because the there's nothing. <SEP> Um. Yeah. I mean that's such a spectacle. It would be a shame to ruin it. <SEP> Yeah. Uh what do you think individuals could do or society could do to alleviate this problem. Uh I don't uh I don't know whether we could do a whole lot as individuals. Uh maybe just take good care of our cars and make sure we keep our pollution devices clean and all that sort of thing. Um. Right. <SEP> Apart from that I I don't know what we can do as individuals. What do you think we can do? Uh-huh. You think it's more more to society. Well I guess I kind of agree there. I uh. On an individual basis there isn't a lot we can do about a lot of things. But if we are concerned about it then we certainly can uh force uh government uh that we elect to deal more seriously with it. Yeah. And I do think that we have a responsibility there. I must admit I'm not always real politically active. But I do think that um Congress has backed down much too much on some of the air pollution standards. <SEP> Yeah. And it's brought the. They uh really listen to. The the uh lobbyist and uh the car manufacturing companies have uh you know have really pushed. They. All those re- restrictions are really too hard. We can't we can't quite make that go. And they don't. And then we still live with air pollution. Yeah. Um so I suspect that that's one thing that that as individuals we can do make our voices known perhaps to our legislators. But um as a society I think we can do more. And that's probably how we ought to do it. Uh individ- being individually responsible as uh gro- in order to be group responsible. <SEP> Yeah. I guess I'm I'm to the point where I'm cynical enough that I really don't believe anything will happen unless unless there's something economically justifiable about it. Right. And in the case of air pollution it simply might turn out at some point down the road to be so costly to have to live with air pollution in terms of health problems and everything else that we'll spend the money that's necessary to uh to get rid of the source of it. Uh-huh. <SEP> I suspect that the pub- that there's going to have to be a lot of pressure uh come to bear on the companies that deal with it. And probably the only way that can happen is for um governments to realize that they have to pay if companies don't. Yeah. And uh I don't know how long that that will take. <SEP> People also have to realize they can't have their cake and eat it. So if you don't want to burn coal for power how about nucle- nuclear energy. Sure. Well we don't want that either. Exactly. Yeah. Right. <SEP> How about investing in the sun. Well nobody wants to pay twenty-five cents a kilowatt hour I don't think. Right. Uh I probably wouldn't mind if it really came down to it. Well it's just the same thing with the car uh uh the gasoline. Now is a wonderful time to smack a fifty cent a gallon tax on gasoline so that we don't uh run into the kind of problems we recently had. <SEP> Oh yes. Yes. Yes. And yet the government is not going to do that because people are too dependent. And they don't want they don't want to pay for it. So instead we spend billions of dollars going to war. Yes. Uh you know wha-. However it might have had other causes. Certainly oil was a big factor. <SEP> Oh certainly. Yes. Um and I think that's probably going to happen with with such things as air pollution when we when we se- get serious about cleaning about our motors in our automobiles then uh then maybe you know we'll have a little bit of help. Um uh. Yeah. Do you have any air pollution in your area? <SEP> There's not really a lot here in Raleigh. Uh once in a while we'll get some uh. I think it kind of washes down from uh from your area Linda. Oh no. That's what they that's what they. You're talking about from from the uh the middle middle states that that have more factories and so on. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what they say. But it's it's not it's not very usual. And certainly we don't have the eye stinging variety that you get in the big cities. Yeah. We really don't have that either. Although I think I can tell a difference in I lived in this area for about twenty-five years and I think I can tell a difference in the comfort level uh particularly in the summer. Uh you know when it gets hot and you have the that kind of a pressure from the pockets of air uh usually they say caused by exhaust. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. It seems to me that I'm more uncomfortable. And you know my eyes sting more and so on and so on. So I suspect that it's it's an ever growing problem. <SEP> Yeah. Well I suspect that we've probably covered everything that we need to here. Right. I think we've given them about seven minutes according to my watch. It was nice talking to you. <SEP> And I enjoyed the conversation. So did I. Bye bye. Bye.
sw3606.txt:What are your favorite shows? Well I it's doesn't seem like I get enough time to watch much T V. But the ones that are out now. Uh-huh. <SEP> I I've watched that SISTERS a couple of times. I think that's kind of a good show. I've never seen that. Haven't you? Huh-uh. <SEP> Oh. I like that one. And um I'm trying to think. I I don't even know if I have any other real regular ones that I watch. How about you? Um I like L A LAW not because it's realistic but it's entertaining. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. Uh-huh. I do like that. Um. <SEP> Yeah. Occasionally I'll see that one. Let's see. I watch CHEERS sometimes. And mostly just movies when there's a good movie on. Do you? <SEP> Uh-huh. Actually when there isn't a good movie on too. Oh. I just like to have the T V on if you know if I'm home alone or something. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. Have. Either the radio or the T V -s got to be on the whole time. <SEP> Yeah. Uh oh I do. I kind of have gotten into a couple of soaps lately. Oh really. I've well I've been home with a um. I have a baby. And and so I've haven't seemed to have gotten out as much. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so I'll I'll watch a soap occasionally. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Do you watch any of those? I well I don't because I work all day. Uh-huh. But um I pro-. I usually do if I'm home for a couple of days like you know around Christmas or whatever. After a while I'll start watching it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then on. For a while I'll ask people if they know what happened. Oh. And then I'll just forget it. <SEP> What what ones do you get into? Uh I don't even remember. The last time I watched was back in college. It was like GENERAL HOSPITAL or something. Oh uh-huh. And I maybe watched it for a week. <SEP> Oh. But um I know that people used to arrange their whole schedules around the you know. They wouldn't take a class that was in the middle of their soap opera. How funny. Oh yeah. It was a. <SEP> Oh I don't get into them that much. When I'm home sometimes in the day I'll I'll watch them. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But yeah oh I was really trying to think. I don't even know if there's any other shows that I watch or else. Well you said you have kids. How old? <SEP> Oh I have a six year old. And I have a um. He'll be a year old in January. So you're you aren't a SESAME STREET fan? Well they do they watch it. <SEP> My six year old's kind of. He's outgrown that one a little bit. But but I've started to turn it on a little bit for the baby. Uh-huh. And he's kind of he's entertained by it. Uh-huh. <SEP> So yes. I I do watch that one. Supposed to be a great babysitter. Yeah. Well they're not entertained for too long with it. He's he's still too little. <SEP> But yeah. Yeah. I do turn that on. Um. <SEP> And I I do like um DONAHUE. Uh-huh. Sometimes I watch that. I think he has some interesting things on it. I know. What time is that on. I never see it? <SEP> Um that's on at let's see it's on at four. Oh okay. I'm not home then. That's why I don't see it. Yeah. I'll watch that occasionally. He's got some real. I don't know. There's some real weird people that he seems to come up with. <SEP> Isn't it strange how people are fascinated by other people that they think are strange? Yes. Yeah. Oh yeah. He does have some real bizarre things I think. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> So other than that I don't know. What's that? Guess I'm not much of a T V person really. Yeah. Well I guess it wasn't a real good topic for us. But. Well tell me. Is it snowing up there? <SEP> Um no. No. It snowed a little bit um probably about four days ago. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they said we weren't going to get any more for Christmas. Wow. But do you have snow on the ground now? Yeah. Oh. <SEP> There is snow on the ground. Well that's nice. I I wish it would snow a little bit more. I've heard it's raining there. Oh gosh. We've broken all sorts of records. <SEP> Oh really. They've got. I mean we still have some highways closed. And it stopped raining almost twenty-four hours ago. Oh my goodness. But um oh just phenomenal. I mean I you know. You see it on the news all the time. But until you've really seen it it does- it doesn't really hit you. <SEP> Yeah. But I was driving home from work Friday. And I saw there were some stop signs I mean submerged up to the writing on the stop sign. And that was just. Oh goodness. It was amazing to me. <SEP> Oh gee. So. So. So there has been some flooding. And. Oh there's been a lot. Yeah. <SEP> It's it's too bad. But you know the thing is that this happens. In the last three years it's happened at least once a year if not twice. But the people continue to move back in the flood zones. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh gee. So I don't know. I mean you got to wonder how long they're going to keep doing that for. Yeah. I don't think I would. <SEP> Oh boy. Because they just finished cleaning up from the last flood. Yeah. Oh what a mess. Yeah. <SEP> Well now do you work for T I? Yeah. I do. Yeah. Oh uh-huh. Huh. Well this has been an interesting thing to do. Have you made a lot of calls. Or. <SEP> Um I've I've probably talked maybe to five people. Uh-huh. My husband is doing it too. And he's talked to a few more than me. Oh. <SEP> And but it's been real interesting and kind of fun. Do you get paid for these? Um five dollars. Five dollars a call? <SEP> Uh-huh. Gosh. I wish I could do that. Uh don't you have to do it as part of its. We can't get paid for it. <SEP> Don't you have to do it.
sw2382.txt:Okay. Do you want to go first? Well I could barely hear what the switchboard operator was saying as what was the topic. Fitness and exercise. <SEP> Oh God. No. Why don't you go first. Okay. Um I like to do uh weight training and and cycling. And just walking uh swimming. I used to do a lot of basketball and running and volleyball until I had some knee surgery last fall. And the doctor said that running and jumping isn't real good for my knee anymore. So I had to kind of change my life-style a little bit. Well let me ask a personal question. How old are you? Thirty-eight. <SEP> Oh well then you should. See over thirty-five everything goes downhill flop. Well the rest of me is in pretty good shape. It's just that left knee that just doesn't want to do everything it used to. Oh you're lucky then. Because I've battled arthritis all my life. Really? <SEP> I mean even since I was like about two or three. Oh. Then they diagnosed it. And usually most people are just absolutely crippled. And uh I do water aerobics. Religiously do water aerobics. Oh I bet that helps. <SEP> Uh-huh. I used to do it about six times a week. And now I'm down to about four. But it's about the only thing that keeps my mobility in sh- in there. Uh I tried weight training. And I'm telling you you just I just can't lift the things. Yeah. <SEP> And the shock on the system is is just too much. So I have stuck to water aerobics basically you know the weightless thing and trying to keep this shape that way. Yeah. But you know it's hard to find. I mean it's really hard to find a place that's going to offer water aerobics because what I'm finding is that if they do offer it you get the crowd of women that are. I think they feel this is going to be an effortless sweatless way to get in shape without having to spend anything. That's right. <SEP> That's right. Or it's the geriatric crowd. That's right. <SEP> So I've considered even becoming licensed to teach it. Well I mean if if you know what your routine is you can do that by yourself. And you probably do. Yeah. But you have to have an indoor pool. This is true. <SEP> So to find an indoor pool where either you can do this by yourself without you know drawing a lot of looks means you're really going to do a strenuous workout activity. You look very odd in the water. Well that. That was the one place where I was also able to do weight training. And that does look very odd in the water. I can believe that. Have you tried the uh the pool at the Spring Creek Fitness Center? <SEP> No. And you know that's the only place I haven't tried. And people have told me. Now that's the Texins facility? Yes. I have been told that thing is just lovely. It is. They keep it at eighty-one degrees year-round. <SEP> Huh. He-. Do you use that facility a lot? Um a fairly a fairly good amount uh more on the weekends. Uh I try to beat the traffic in the mornings when I workout in the mornings I try to come down to the Dallas Fitness Center. Huh. Do you know if they have child care there? Um have you done your attitude survey for this year yet? <SEP> You need to put that on there seriously. They don't. I don't I don't work at T I. Oh you don't? <SEP> No. I used to work at T I. Oh. As matter of fact I was the only woman that they had in the field in a management position. Actually when I was working there I was the only woman that was pretty much in the industry. And I used to fill out those attitude surveys. Yeah. <SEP> And uh uh me and the insurance adjusters are are very familiar with each other. And my husband still works there. Yeah. And um I get my attitude expressed through them. But I find it to be very. Sometimes it's kind of shoot yourself in the foot short- mentality to save a few bucks. This is true. <SEP> Uh and never having lived in Texas before I starting working for T I. And I came down here. And you know they did an attitude survey like six weeks after I had been working here. And I asked about you know day care for the shift workers. Yeah. And boy I was pulled in by my manager and told that you just don't say that you know. Well it's not. <SEP> It was not applicable to me. And I was kind of horrified. Now what year are we talking about? We're talking nineteen seventy-eight. Okay. Uh things have become much more enlightened since then. <SEP> They couldn't have gotten anymore in the dark ages. Yeah. You know we still don't have a day care facility. But people are more sympathetic to it. I understand I understand that they're now covering women's preventative health care. Yes. Yes. <SEP> And uh the reason I'm at home is when I had my kids and I was scheduled to go back and I tell you how much in the dark ages it was. Um I had been rated number one in the field. And then I took uh. When I became pregnant I also got meningitis and then delivered the first baby three months early. Oh. My gosh. <SEP> And they put the baby on a heart lung monitor when I took her home. And the insurance carrier was not going to cover this because it was considered preventative treatment. Could you hold the phone for one second. Sure. Thanks. Okay. I'm back. <SEP> And then they used to uh. And then I had a second one eighteen months later. They told me to put them back to back. And of course to maintain. And I was flat on my back for the last five months with the second one because that's when I go into labor four and a half months. Wow. And I don't even know it. Of course it's real easy to take care of the first one when you're on your back. <SEP> Oh yeah. Very easy. Very easy. And they they put me on twenty-four hour fetal monitoring then to to try to control the labor and see how far it was going. And after the baby was born since it wasn't premature then they said they wouldn't cover the cost of the monitor. I think that's kind of when my husband hit the roof because it was a uh thirteen thousand dollar bill. Really. But after the second baby was born I was going to go back to work. Yeah. <SEP> And that was when they had. God it would have been the eighty-five layoff. Yeah. And I'll tell you how they handled this. And I was just outraged. I did not know that since I was on personal leave of absence that I had been uh terminated until I filed my insurance claims about four months later. And they didn't have any coverage under my name. And I went back. And I said what the hell is going on here you know. Yeah. Really. <SEP> And they told me that uh oh well you know you know your husband works here. And he's got a good salary. We didn't think that you'd be coming back anyway. And uh you know we've got people here that really you know need to be working. And so that we had just. You know it was this way we didn't have to layoff an active person. And we'd just let you go. And it took me about a year of arguing. I said you know I've got to put this in writing to me and because until they put it in writing I couldn't get my insurance benefits. Yeah. And I couldn't get my uh termination benefits either. There you go. <SEP> I was just pissed as hell that they could do that. I I can believe that. But I I guess things have gotten better. I've been told that this flex hour and those kind of things. Oh yeah. Flex time is great. <SEP> I still don't think that they after my experiences that they could you know get me to go back ever again. I I can understand. I can understand. Well it's been good talking with you. But let me ask you this since you use Texans. How much is it a month? Oh shoot it's only about ten bucks a month. <SEP> Now that's for individual. Yeah. I mean uh to add dependents is is you know maybe another dollar or something. It's no big deal. That's it? Yeah. <SEP> Now if you if you pay your monthly charge do you then pay separately for classes you're taking? Uh you do for classes for classes. But to I mean to use any of the facilities is is no extra charge. God that's cheap. Yeah. It is. <SEP> That's really cheap. Do you have to be an active T I employee to join Texans or Or a depe-. Or or a depe-. Or a dependent of one. God I am so dependent these days. Really. <SEP> It's a sense. Oh seen that my my co-dependents have turned on the hose and are getting my neighbor's fence. Wonderful. Yeah. So my position for management to domestic goddess has been an adjustment. But boy I think I'm going to go contact Texans. I really think I am. Yeah. <SEP> I mean that beats any offer I've heard in a long time. Oh yeah. It's great. Huh. All righty. When you're there on weekends is it crowded as hell? Uh well it would depend on when you go. It's not it's not excessively crowded on the weekends. <SEP> See I'd want to be there in the mornings like from nine thirty to ten thirty. Oh I don't think that would be bad at all. If you're in Richardson you'd probably wanted to come to the to the Dallas site. Oh I'm actually right on the Plano line. Oh well then you could go either one. <SEP> Yeah. The Spring Creek one is a lot more modern has a lot more niceties amenities. And you'd probably like the pool there. Oh God it sounds like I would. I might do that then. Okay. I learned something here. Well good. I'm glad. <SEP> You can go back to work now. Well thank you. Thank you. You have a good day. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3513.txt:Well uh let's see. What type of car do I want? Well I'd like to have a Corvette. Oh wow. But my uh weekly wages don't apply for me to have that kind of car. So. <SEP> Yeah. Uh I'm engaged to get married. So I'll more likely get a car for economic reasons. Right. Yeah. And uh so uh to drive back and forth to work is all I'll need a car for pretty much. And we have a truck. So probably a economic size car or uh. <SEP> What kind of a car do you have now? Right now I have a eighty-seven Cavalier. It's a piece of. My car is really old too. Because uh I drive out of town a lot of the weekends. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I would like my next car to have good gas mileage. Right. And uh same here uh. You know a nice car American made. And uh you know a a nice car but not too expensive. Because uh I couldn't afford like a brand new like Lamborghini. <SEP> I hardly drive. But while we're talking. Right. While we're talking my next car I'd like to be sporty and you know nice. Right. <SEP> But you know it's expensive. And then insurance is really high for that too. So Something with a that's not too sporty because of insurance then. Oh I know. Right. That insurance does come into play. I forgot about that. <SEP> Yeah. What kind of insurance do you have up there. Or is it real high up there? Uh no. Mine just got lowered because I just turned twenty-one. And uh I'm not sure really how much I pay. I just. My mom's helping me out you know because I'm a college I'm in college. And uh so I just give her the money and take her word for it. Right. <SEP> Right. I mean that insurance is high dollars. Yeah. Yeah. It is. So. But. <SEP> And the more expensive the car the higher it is. So Unless I win the lottery I won't be driving anything too expensive. Right. Yeah. <SEP> Right. I don't plan on buying a car for many many years. So. Right. Yeah. <SEP> I have to make this one last as long as I can. What's everybody drive up there? Uh in Kenosha? I mean in Wisconsin they drive them little four wheelers or four wheel drive. <SEP> Oh it just is. Or do you all need four wheel drives up there because of snow and everything? Yeah. We we have a Jeep with four wheel drive because uh because of the snow you mean. Or. Right. It never snows down here. So. <SEP> Well we don't have any snow here now. Really? It all melted. Yeah. There is no snow at all. We haven't had snow yet. We usually only get like once a year or so. <SEP> Huh. Kind of strange to you all huh? Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. It is. Because how. It's like seventy degrees here right now. Oh don't tell me that. Yep. How how cold is it there? <SEP> Well actually it's been warm. It's in the forties. Really? Yeah. And that's that's really warm. Huh. <SEP> Uh and it's supposed to rain tomorrow. So we. I've only seen snow once this year. And it was really bad. And then it all melted like within the week. Really? And now there is no snow. So. Huh. But um so what what is your dream car? <SEP> Uh I haven't really thought about it. I'm not too big on cars. I mean I don't know the names and stuff. But if I were to go to a car lot and like look at them I would pick out one that you know looked really nice. Uh-huh. What's your favorite color? <SEP> Uh for a car? Yeah. Probably blue. Like if it you know was just an average middle class car. Blue? <SEP> But if I were to get a sports car maybe white or red. Right. Right. Yeah. So what kind of car do you drive right now? <SEP> Uh it's a Sky Hawk Buick. Really? Eighty-three. I think. Really? <SEP> Yeah. Uh like eighty-two thousand miles. Really? Yeah. Oh. <SEP> I'm afraid it's not going to last me that long. And I hope it does though. Yeah. It's a two door. I like I like smaller cars. They're. I find them more comfortable to drive. Right. Does everybody have their windows tinted up there? <SEP> Uh no. I don't see too many cars tinted. Everybody has tinted down here. Oh I'm sure. Yeah. I could I could see why. So you been down here before? <SEP> Yep. Really? Uh. Did you like it? <SEP> It was busy. Yeah. It's different I bet huh. Yeah. <SEP> It was nice. I remember uh swimming on Easter day. And it was like really cold up here. But came back with a little tan. Right. So that was nice. It's like you know. Everybody freaks out when it sn-.
sw3524.txt:I say Arlington Texas now because I talked one night to somebody in Arlington Virginia. Oh my. Yeah. Well and Plano Texas rather than Plano Illinois. Oh do they have one? <SEP> Yes. They do. Oh I didn't know that. Well I learned something already. <SEP> Yeah. Well let's see. The three questions are what uh. How much time do you spend with your children? Very little. Because they're grown. Oh. <SEP> What? They're grown and gone. Oh yeah. Well mine is uh down at U T Austin at college. And the other one is in high school. <SEP> Huh. So you do spend less time then? Yeah. C-. <SEP> Because they don't want to know they almost don't want to know us. They want to be with their friends. How old are your kids? Are they married or what? Uh yes. I have uh two married two almo- and then two almost married. And the other two I'm not sure. Well Two s- two two uh uh for sure are single. <SEP> Oh boy you have a lot of kids. Yeah. We have between the spouse and myself we have six. Oh well that's kind of nice though. You you shouldn't be lonesome on a holiday huh? <SEP> Because I came with a split family. And she had. <SEP> Well no. There is so much of them are gone. And they're doing their own things. And and a lot of times they they've got you know uh when the holidays. Well that's true. They have to see their other parent I guess too. <SEP> Yeah. And sometimes they want to do their own thing. So sometimes it's just spouse and me. I know. <SEP> And and you know what? What? Sometimes that's okay. I know. <SEP> Because. That's what my mother said one time. You know right. Because who says that they just must got to come over to see us all the time for the holidays. Right. <SEP> No. That's true. And if they force them to you know that's not good either. Yeah. <SEP> That becomes a drudgery. And Well let's see. Well do they all live in the area? N- got of the six we've got four around here. Uh-huh. Oh wow. <SEP> Uh you know well we're talking like north Texas. Uh-huh. And then one is in Vermont uh Montpe- Mont- Montpelier Montpelier Vermont. Golly. <SEP> And the other one is in Everett Washington. How did they end up so far away? Well that is that's the the my little pair. And my second marriage. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh and uh. Those are the youngest ones? Yeah. Well the s-. The the the the fourth and fifth child of the of the of the uh six are the two that are scattered like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Boy that's those are a long way. And Well they wanted to go uh. How. <SEP> J R my my my last son or my middle son excuse me fell in love with Washington state. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And the the the third daughter fell in love with uh uh Vermont. Vermont. So. So they wanted to make their homes there. <SEP> Yeah. That's where they've gone to make their homes. My goodness. Are they are those two married? No. They uh just working up there or going to school or what? <SEP> Well uh let's see. Yeah. I guess you'd say J R is working going to s- trying to go to school. Uh-huh. I wish to God he would go back. Oh they do. Especially if they if they're meant to I think. <SEP> Yeah. Well I certainly hope so. I mean I've got a daughter that's a sophomore at U T. And I'm I'm going to U T A right now myself. So it's never too late. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well it's oh I agree it's never too late. Right. <SEP> And. Especially in some of these schools around here I think they have about twenty percent older students. Yeah. And when you're saying older we're talking fifty up. Oh yeah. I've seen some people that are really quite up there you know they look like in their very late sixties. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I say that's great why not you know. Oh my. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yes. Why not because that's a a lot of times well it's. I believe that uh we in that category. And I'm not in that category quite yet. No. But we are seasoned minds. Oh yeah. You're really ready to learn finally. <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. I mean I don't know why I even went to college when I was seventeen. Yeah. It was. It was a complete waste of money. <SEP> Yeah. Settle down. We know what we're wanting to to uh study. And uh we know our limitations. Right. Right. We. Right. And uh. <SEP> And we don't try to burn the candle at both ends and in the middle altogether. No. We don't go out drinking beer till three and try to go to class in the morning. <SEP> At seven. Yeah. We're past yeah we're past that age. Yes. We're we're smarter now. We know what we can do. <SEP> Yeah. Right. Uh so let's see. So mine I don't spend a whole lot of time because they're not here. Uh-huh. And so the second question forgot what the second question. What was it uh. H- what do the trends in families. And do we approve what other families do. <SEP> Well uh the trends in the families were to spread apart do your own thing. That's right. <SEP> But I have seen lately yes I am seeing I'm seeing a change that whoops government can't do it. A change? I was going to say the same thing. <SEP> Schools are not able to. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And between a person's religion uh their their faith in their maker w- whether you know uh whether you're Christian or Jewish or whatever uh. Right. Right. <SEP> And the family. Are going to have to solve some of the problem huh. Those are the two that can that that have the wherewithal. And of course Judeo-Christianity uh and of the Jewish folks too believe that the family unit is the one that was given the uh uh mission by the Lord to do this very thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> So when another group of of uh people step in try to do it they're they're tromping on our territory so to speak. So. Oh. I firmly believe that uh.
sw3699.txt:Okay. Uh do you live in a home? Yes. Uh-huh. <SEP> We we it's a house we bought uh about two and a half years ago now. Oh did you? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> First house. We've lived in ours for about six years. We had it built actually. Uh-huh. And uh uh it's our first home too. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. So what do you think of of owning a home as opposed to to renting somebody else's? Um well before we built our home we were managing some apartments that we were living in. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um that was quite an experience. I I much prefer having my own home and and uh just the space and and more privacy. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Do you have is it a fairly large house? Um it's uh uh it's like twenty-four fifty square feet. <SEP> Oh that's pretty good size. Yeah. It's a two story. Uh-huh. Yeah. How about yours? <SEP> It's tiny. Is it small? It's not much bigger. Actually we had an apartment two bedroom apartment that was about as big as this house is. So. Oh really. <SEP> Yeah. It's uh it's only like eleven hundred square feet. Oh uh-huh. Do you do you have children? Just one. Just one. <SEP> Yeah. Oh. But it it uh all the rooms are small I mean. But it ends up giving us three bedrooms which we wanted. And uh. Use an extra one for an office which is handy. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I'd rather have have more rooms and less space in each one I guess. Rather have lots of rooms and lot- lots of space. But uh that ends up costing me. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well like um how does it compare to the ones in your neighborhood? Well they're it's pretty typical I mean it's a very very middle class neighborhood. Uh lots of lots of young couples with you know usu- oh. I'm sure that virtually everybody in the neighborhood that's their first homes. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> And uh lots of kids and stuff. And so it it fits well in the neighborhood. It's it's certainly not a real upscale neighborhood. But on the other hand it's clean and kind of suburban little bit more than I want. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Is is yours also pretty much in conformance with the neighborhood. Uh. Yeah. It it it it does it it seems about oh probably average. Um. <SEP> Or is it? Uh-huh. But our neighborhood has a just a wide variety of of um people. And you know there's older people here and and um people that are our our age. We're in our thirties. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um there's a lot of kids a lot of kids. People across the street have eight. Uh-huh. Wow eight kids? Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh my gosh. Yeah. Their home just burned down matter of fact and um last summer. Ooh. And they're just rebuilding. And um their house is going to be really big. It's. <SEP> I'm sure with eight. Gosh. Yeah. They're building a lot bigger. He's uh um uh oh not an obstetrician an an orthopedic surgeon. Uh-huh. And um so since the house did burn they're they're going. It's quite different than it was before. And it's it's a lot bigger. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. And um but ours is about. It's you know it's a nice home. It's definitely not one of the the smaller ones. And um it's not the biggest either. But. <SEP> Yeah. New ones I mean they they tend to to be real tiny but that uh especially in newer neighborhoods. My my brother just built a new house. He lives in Wichita Kansas. And the um the neighborhood actually fought him on it. Because he he was um the house was going to cost less to build than any other house in the neighborhood. Oh. Now that's because he was he's doing a lot of it himself and you know for example landscaping and and lots of the other stuff. Yeah. <SEP> And his house actually ended up being nicer than lots in the neighborhood. But but they were they were pretty touchy on it. Yeah. You. He was a little surprised. You know that's interesting. You say that because we do have we have those architectural codes here. <SEP> Uh-huh. And when we um put out house in um they wanted us to have. There was one. We have part siding on on the two story part and then on the back. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they there was one side where our chimney was. And just the chimney was going to be brick. And they wanted us to have more brick. So we ended up having to go halfway up. Uh-huh. Which it does look nicer. And you know we would have like to have had all brick. But of course at that point we couldn't afford it. And but it's funny that you'd say that because there were homes in here that didn't have any brick at all. <SEP> Right. So it's kind of like they were. Kind of depends on when they get in you know. Yeah. Yeah. And I and so it was kind of like it's they. Ours is the last street that they built on. So the houses actually on our street are a little bit they're kind of gone a little bit nicer. <SEP> Oh they have. It's gotten. Yeah. Yeah. I mean just they you know. Yeah. Oh. It's like the second phase. <SEP> Uh-huh. And and so they've kind of changed the the codes a little bit. And so that's kind of why I guess they stuck us with more brick when there were other homes that didn't have any. Um. <SEP> Well see my sister kind of got in the opposite end of that because they they moved into a neighborhood and bought a a real nice stone house down in South Austin. Oh uh-huh. And uh and the what the builder apparently plans to do is they they do phase one. And they kind of give it a very upscale and very tightly controlled uh codes and and and stuff. And then they come back in. And and then they sell.
sw3491.txt:Well let me see. What have you seen lately? Well uh CITY SLICKERS and STAR TREK FIVE. FIVE? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Y-. Only only five? Yeah. <SEP> I thought I'd better see that one before I go and see six. Well no. Didn't need to. No. I found that out. <SEP> How about yourself? I just saw the latest one. How is it? It was fantastic. <SEP> Oh I can't wait. Yeah. It's. The lines in there were just perfect. I mean it was classic TREK. Now does the old STAR TREK guys meet the new guys? No. Huh-uh. <SEP> No. It's just the old guys still. Yeah. It was just a rumor that that would happen this time. However the rumor is is that it will happen next happen next time. So. You know that I read in PEOPLE or somewhere no it was U S A TODAY. Uh-huh. <SEP> That they said they weren't going to do anymore. That was it. Uh-huh. But. Yeah. Uh except that the rumor is is that they still might. But it may not include the entire crew. And it will be a next generation meets this generation. <SEP> Huh. So. I'm not sure what the difference in light years between the new generation and the the old guys was. I think it's a hundred years. <SEP> Huh. Somewhere in that range. Considering that Spock was on an uh you know couple weeks ago and that the the very first episode of NEXT GENERATION they had McCoy. Oh that's right. <SEP> Is that right? He was a doctor still? And. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. Well you know he was rear admiral whatever you know. And he just kind of hobbled down the halls real slow. Vulcans age a lot better. Well yeah. He didn't look too bad did he? No. Huh-uh. Matter of fact he looks just as about as old and the uh NEXT GENERATION as he does in the latest STAR TREK. Imagine that. <SEP> Yeah. That's amazing. But did they have some pretty good special effects? Oh excellent excellent special effects. But I think the script was you know just incredible compared to the last one. <SEP> Yeah. FIVE was the script was bad bad bad. Well you know why? No. I don't. Why? Uh William Shatner wrote it. <SEP> Oh is that right? And even worse he directed it. Uh. <SEP> L- Leonard s- Nimoy he does a lot better. Oh yeah. He in fact uh he didn't direct this one. He produced this one. But he directed the one before uh I think STAR TREK FOUR something like that. IN SEARCH OF SPOCK or no JOURNEY HOME I think that was. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> Are you're a real life Trekkie? L-. I think so. I really like them. I I wouldn't go so far as being a Trekkie. But. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh. Well I've gone to you know one for real live Trek Convention. But. Oh really? Yeah. I saw James Doohan you know the guy that plays uh Scotty. <SEP> Huh did you get to talk to him? No. It was crowded. Not in a crowd like that. <SEP> Huh-uh. No. It was like uh want an autograph want to stand in line for about four hours. <SEP> Yeah. Wow. It was a pretty crowded place. <SEP> Huh. They have some good management principals in this NEW GENERATION. Oh yeah. Yeah. I. It's it's kind of funny. I uh was reading in uh a book. Uh trying to think. I can't quite remember the name of the book. But it was it was saying don't do STAR TREK management style. And they were referring to you know Captain Kirk. Every time he left the Enterprise everything went to hell. Oh. And nothing got righted until he got back up on the ship. <SEP> Right. So he kind of was a cowboy type too. Uh-huh. Made all the decisions. But uh Jean Luke does more of a a committee type of management. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Uh it's definitely a lot better. A lot more realistic really. What other movies have you seen? Uh saw THE ADDAMS FAMILY last week. <SEP> Oh how was that? It was pretty good. Uh there were a few things different than the old series. But on the on the whole it was pretty similar. And a lot of fun. Lots of little funny spots huh. Oh yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Did they have Thing. And. Oh yes. In fact Thing has a big much bigger role than he does in the series. I mean you know there is lots of areas where Thing saves the day. Really? And he runs around a lot. <SEP> How did. I've always wondered how he gets around. Uh you know just finger hopping. But he's in a box right? No. No. No. In fact it's funny. He never did does come in out of a box I don't think. Yeah. He was just kind of walking around. <SEP> Didn't he used to? Not really. He was always in the box before. Oh. <SEP> Oh that's yeah that's okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I was thinking.
sw2032.txt:Okay. So we've got to talk about music. Okay. And um do you like classic rock or modern rock or which kind? <SEP> Oh I guess the stuff that was done more in the seventies because that's Well no that's really when I grew up. No. Not a seventies baby. So that's really what I like better. Is that kind of music. I mean. Is it disco. Or is it like. <SEP> No. No. No. Not that kind of music. But. No. More like uh rock um you know like Led Zepplin type. Oh okay. So so they can get like the Doors and Led Zepplin. <SEP> Right. Yeah. That's cool. Right. And how about the Rolling Stones? <SEP> Oh sure. Sure. I went to their concert last year when they were here. Oh that's when that's when they took toured. How about um Pink Floyd? Sure. Yeah. I like them. Okay. So so then we got we got some same things. Because. <SEP> Okay. Well I just didn't know that much about music. And I wasn't sure what kind of music. No. It's very hard. Because see well I mean in the whole spectrum I'd rather listen you know. I listen to heavy metal or classic rock. What what kind of heavy metal are we talking about? What. We're talking about what they what they call hard rock. <SEP> Okay. Like give me some examples. Like for example let's see uh Bad Company. What. Oh well Bad Cam- Company's not bad. That's not. Well they're like for example A C D C. <SEP> Yeah. A C D C. Why. Have you heard of them? Yes. Okay. And stuff like that. That's that's that's not really hard rock. <SEP> Well okay. Okay. I guess I didn't really consider that heavy metal. Okay. <SEP> I mean I I think when you say heavy metal I'm I'm thinking about like Cinderella you know. Well Cinderella is is hard rock heavy metal. Well see I don't really care for Cinderella. But I like A C D C's okay. But see for example they have see what. But other bands consider it like really hard rock. It's like brash metal which all they do is like they have this guitar and they just bang at the guitar. And the guitar is set like really low. <SEP> Yeah. No. I don't really care for that too much I guess. And what happens is like oh everybody gets like totally into the music. And then they start dancing around. Uh-huh. And they just bump into each other. <SEP> Uh-huh. Like like they hit each other with their shoulders. Uh-huh. And then you knock people down. And what you do is you also try to get up on stage and jump down on top of all these other people. <SEP> Is that the kind of music that you like? No. I don't like that music. Oh okay. But that's that's what they do. That's that's what some people call like really heavy metal. <SEP> Oh okay. And see the difference I guess between hard rock and heavy metal is that the lyrics also. Like really like heavy metal wo- is considered like the words heavy metal. And like you always thought about like suicide. And killing people and stuff like that. Yeah. And just hard rock has. They they don't talk about that. They just talk about like life in general. <SEP> Right. Like Queen's Reich if you ever heard of them. Oh sure. Of course. Yeah. <SEP> Que- you you're talking Queen. Is that what you said? Okay. Well no. I said Queen's Reich. But but oh but you got to like Queen also. Oh oh oh okay. <SEP> Right. So because. Well sure. Because Queen was real popular when I was growing up. Yeah. Especially uh oh God what is it A Night At The Opera? Don't they have a. No. Let's see the one that they have the the whole opera singing in the background. <SEP> Oh !. Um uh Right. Bo Bo Bohemian Rhapsody. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That that was great. I heard that the other day on the radio. And I pumped it up. <SEP> Because I mean I just love that song. Yeah. That that was a real good one. Yeah. But they had. That that whole record was pretty good. But then they started going downhill like everybody else. <SEP> Well that's true. They came up with some pretty weird stuff after that. Yeah. They're they're still around. They've got a ne- new C D out. But I I wouldn't buy it. Because see what happens is the old see whe-. I like I like the old Rolling Stones. I don't like the new stuff. Of the Stones? Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I agree. That's the ne-. The older stuff is the best of it. The the new stuff's kind of more like today's rock and roll which I don't really care for today's rock and roll too much. Yeah. Well for example I used to like old Phil Collins. <SEP> Right. An old Genesis? Yes. Definitely. I agree. And and then what happened was that Phil Collins said hey I can make money a lot of money doing this. And then he came out with uh see for example his his record like No Jacket Required. <SEP> Uh-huh. That was good. But it was on his way of going downhill. Because he said I can make a lot of money just singing alone. And then he came out with the Invisible Touch with uh Genesis. And that really. Like now I hate Phil Collins. I can't stand him. Right. Because I look at him. And I say you know you were singing at this time and with these people. And you were great. And now you're singing all this stuff that doesn't matter what you what you sing or what you record. It's still going to be a number one hit. And so that's that's what gets me mad. <SEP> Yeah. But did did you go see that new Doors movie? No. Not yet. I guess I've been con- kind of considering it. Have you seen it yet? Yeah. I saw it when it opened. <SEP> Was it really good? Yeah. Well it it's you know it's like I was watching Siskel and Ebert you know like those guys that criticize movies? Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. And they both loved the movie right? Uh-huh. They said the music's great. It took me back to the sixties and stuff like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then one of them said well everything is great. But I'm going to give it thumbs down. And they go. But why? Because it's like the end is like really depressing. And so. Oh. But it but it's like the movie is so well made. And the music that goes with it just picks you up see. I was never I was born in nineteen hundred sixty-nine. <SEP> Oh okay. So I mean so for me. So you didn't really grow up with that kind of music then. No. But you learn to. I mean it's just that like the the sixties music's got a lot to say. <SEP> Right. I I never found out what a lot of the seventies music had too. You know I was like. Well no. Now well seventies music I mean I'm like I said yo- disco I don't like disco. I've never liked disco. Hey. But I bet you were out there with your bell bottomed pants. <SEP> Well that's true. That's true. But I was more in the late seven-. Well I shou-. Like mid to late seventies like between seventy-five and and seventy-nine was more my era. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Did did you go to college? Well no. I'm going right now. Oh that's cool. <SEP> But uh no. I didn't go then. But see I graduated high school in seventy-eight. Okay. So you know in seventy-eight you know rock was starting to get really heavy you know. And real um I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Disco was pretty much dead by then. Yeah. So so that's what I mean. Disco wasn't really my time. Well they always say that the seventies was the lowest point in in progression ever in history. So. <SEP> About music? No. About everything. Oh. Okay. So it's like nothing happened during the seventies. Everything happened during the sixties. The seventies I don't know what they're called you know. It's like like. The the eighties are called like the progressive years or the or you know like the technology years because of all the computers and stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. But the seventies got nothing. I mean nobody cared to name it. That's kind of funny. So. <SEP> You're right. I never thought of that. The disco years that's what they're calling them are gone. Yeah. I know. Can you imagine the like a big picture of John Travolta ta-da what is it SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER? Him just standing there. <SEP> Yeah. Right. Yeah. That's a good example to look for in history. Well from now on we're going to go from the from nineteen sixty-nine when they took the first step on the moon to nineteen eighties. Okay. What happened in the middle? Don't worry. Don't worry. You're not you're not missing anything you know. So. That's true. Well except for Vietnam. Yeah. Really. And that's that's why I guess everybody. <SEP> You know with. Yeah. It's like they don't want to talk about that. So they just don't name it. I mean it was it was I guess it was pretty bad times. Yeah. Well that's very true. But. Oh well let's see. Yeah. Okay. We've been talking for seven minutes. So. <SEP> Oh good. I haven't even been keeping track. Okay. All right. So um I'm going to leave you alone. Uh what what are you doing? Do you have a family? Uh yeah. Okay. <SEP> We're kind of I was kind of in the middle of supper. But it's not a big deal. Oh I'm sorry. I just left it. No. It's okay. Because see I didn't see. Somebody tried to call me last night. But I didn't have my number yet. I just got it today. Oh okay. <SEP> And so you know it's okay. I I told them I'd be available during this time. So anyway. Okay. All right. So then uh have fun doing this. It is not that bad. <SEP> Okay. Thanks. Bye bye. Great. Bye.
sw2658.txt:Uh I guess I've had to return something. But I'm ca- can't decide. Mostly it's been because I didn't like the color. Uh-huh. Or um I'm not sure whether I've had to return that many things uh. <SEP> Well I'm having a problem right now with a computer that we've just returned. Oh are you? So for me it's actually a pretty good topic. Okay. Good. So we'll talk about that some. <SEP> Yeah. Well we could talk about that. And then we could talk a bit about um just quality of products in general if y- they're better or worse like if they last longer or something like that. Right. Okay. I'm going to let you kind of lead the pack because you sound like you're. <SEP> I-. Let me tell you just a little bit about myself. I for years I did all that shopping and whatnot. But for the last four or five years I've had eye problem. Oh. And I've had two cornea transplants. Shopping is no fun anymore. <SEP> I can imagine. Well see I don't. I can't see good enough you know. And uh it's hard to tell what I'm doing. And it's just aggrav-. You can't read labels. And you can't. Oh I just thought of something we have to return. <SEP> Good. There you go. All right. It it'll come to us. Okay? Okay. Are you ready? <SEP> Yeah. Laurie all right. Right. All right uh. Tell me about your computer Laurie. I think that sounds fascinating. <SEP> Well we bought a computer because my husband needed to use it to do some work for a consulting project. And we called up the company and asked them details on it. We bought it sort of your not a name brand because the clones are so much cheaper. Uh-huh. And we called up the company that somebody else we knew had dealt with. And they were very happy with the system. And they felt they've gotten a good price. And we went in. We explained what we needed. And yes. We had to go across the George Washington Bridge to New Jersey to get to meet these people. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so we went there. We told them about the stuff. And the guy said uh that the computer would fit our needs. And we. These things won't make any sense to you probably. But he told us there were we need user positions to put our own equipment in the computer. Uh-huh. Oh yes. <SEP> And it's called a user boards. Or slots is what it's called. Uh-huh. And he told us there's two sixteen bit slots and two eight bit sorry two six- four sixteen bit slots and two eight bit slots available for the user. And we can put full size cards in there. And so we said great you know. We'll buy it. And we put in our order. And a week later we went back and picked up the computer. And then we got it home and tried to put our own board in it. And there's only one slot we could put it in. Oh lovely. <SEP> And at this point we only have one board. So it wasn't so bad. So we used it a bit. But we tried to figure out whether we could put three in because we really need to be able to put at least three in. Huh. And. Oh no. The computer was supposed to have two. <SEP> Well it has them. But the problem is that you can't put the type of card that we need to put in it in it. And even though they told us in advance that you could. Oh I see. They told us there would be no problem because you know the salesman just doesn't really know. I see. <SEP> In some ways it has more to do with the people who sold it. They probably didn't know what they were talking about. Right. That's completely it. The salesman didn't know. Right. <SEP> So we went back in. And we struck an agreement with the people. Who said change the casing it comes in so that we could put in extra boards. Huh. Okay. So they did that. And we said are you sure this will work. We don't want you to go through the work and then find out that this doesn't really work anyway and et cetera. And they're they were doing it at their own costs. And so we said fine. And we went back. And we talked to the person a second time and things like that. And then we come we get the computer home. My husband goes to pick it up last week. And we couldn't go get it sooner because I just had the baby. And you know life's just a little bit complicated. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh he goes and gets it brings it home. First of all they're missing components of it like cables so you can't really test it out. And then second thing we still can't put the boards in because they have other things blocking where we need to do it. Oh jeez. <SEP> Huh. And see now we're dealing with having to bring it back again. And they say they can you know do something different and change some connectors. And we hope so. But it's a hassle. Yeah. It really is. <SEP> You kn- you know it's just this problem with sales people just not knowing what goes on. Right. And and so much time goes past before you finally get any kind of satisfaction. Right. I think that's the worst part. I. <SEP> So well actually some things are pretty good with that because I put it on a gold credit card. And I just called the credit card company and explained to them the situation. And they said well you don't have to pay for it yet. Now that's an advantage isn't it? Yes. It really is. I think uh uh there's a lot not to be said for credit. But that's one thing to be said for credit. It how it gets you some muscle where you need it. <SEP> Yeah. Right. So and so you know. And I think that's really important. <SEP> Well because these guys if they um give us a hard time we're going to say you look you know. If if you can't fix this to our satisfaction we're just returning the computer. Yeah. That's right. That's right. <SEP> And if we do that. I just tell the credit card company don't pay the charge even though they've already paid it. That's right. No. <SEP> But they'll just you know undo the credit that they did to them. Yeah. They will. That's right. They will. <SEP> Yeah. They will put the kind of clout on them that you can't really do. Right. Yeah. <SEP> And. We. Hal bought me uh uh small uh well uh uh little jam box kind of thing. So I'd. My I have my ninety-three year old mother living with us. And so I she doesn't remember anything. But to keep her entertained music and some of these things do help. Uh-huh. And I thought well if I had uh a nic- a nice little um tape recorder you know so that I could put some good music on in there for her every once in a while. And then also so that I can uh uh copy uh parts off I I do some musicals and things like this and if I can copy sections off that I can use someplace so I figured well this will be good. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well the first uh uh the first time I turned it on uh I was recording. And the next thing I knew the tape was chewed up in the thing. Oh no. Okay. So after that then you couldn't get a you couldn't get a tape to play at the right speed in that side. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then on the other side when I when I uh I loa- loaned it to my daughter the other day to take it over to uh to uh videotaping they were doing. And she says it's wrong too because the little thing pokes out too far. And so you can't you can't get it to run the right the right way either. Uh-huh. So uh. <SEP> What brand is it? Do you know? Yeah. So I I wish I could tell you. I really don't know which brand it is. It's. But I was wondering like you know. In our case where we knew we were buying a copy. We weren't buying on I B M P C. Yeah. <SEP> And I was wondering if you. No. I think this is a I think this is maybe a name brand. And I suspect that it's probably just a fluke you know. I have the papers and everything. And we're going to get just take it back. But uh. Uh-huh. Do you buy it at some major store? Yeah. I think just uh just uh one of the maj- major I think it was a you know I don't I think it was uh you know like a Highlands or something like this. <SEP> Highlands. Chain down there that I don't know up here. Do they have Highlands up there? Nope. Don't they? Well this is is was a regular uh electronics store you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I don't think I don't think there will be too much problem. But I I guess I'm not sure whether I think things are not made as well. I think they deliberately sometimes um. I think a lot of things are not made as well. Don't you? What what for instance what are you. <SEP> Um oh wel-. Of course it's hard to think of an exact example. Yeah. But I think that um I jus-. That's good. They're getting a kind of a attitude of not. <SEP> Yeah. I just have well I like electronic stuff you know. Yeah. <SEP> For one thing. I know their work you know. Cars I think are not made as well as they could be. Well. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Um. I think that's right. The fact that. Because I. They want people to replace it after a couple of years. Right. <SEP> The fact that they that they have competition with the Japanese and whatnot sometimes uh dwells on a fact that you know uh. I've had I've known people who have had Toyotas for years that have had almost no repair work to do on them. Uh-huh. Well they may cost a little more. But they don't have to take them to the shop every other day. <SEP> Yeah. I had a Toyota. And I loved it. Yeah. My Toyota did really well. It does the it did a good job. <SEP> So part of it is that we need to develop more of a of a pride in in uh the kinds of things we do so we make them better. Good. Yeah. And it kind of has to start from the top and and go clea- or from the bottom maybe and go clear up. People. <SEP> Well I think part of the problem comes in sort of shoddy workmanship. The people just don't care about what they're doing. No. Yeah. <SEP> You know the whole. Nobody cares no nobody's really paying. Yeah. Attitude is is just get me my dollar so I can go do what I want to do and on. <SEP> Right. Give me my paycheck so I can go home. What I'm doing right. I think that's too bad. And it's a shame too because uh when you get right down to it most things there isn't any if you do a good job nobody can pay you enough. There isn't any way to get paid enough. Yeah. But if you do a good job you feel enough satisfaction. So whatever you're paid is enough. <SEP> Yeah. And also I think. Well I do research. And so I'm used to sort of being underpaid for whatever work gets done. Uh-huh. But and you get satisfaction out of it. That's right. <SEP> And But I think a lot of it you know I think things come both from the uh individual side and also from the company side. I think they underestimate how much how much value the satisfaction. Is. Yeah. Because the companies that let give the attitude that well you know. You're the last one hired. So you'll be the first one fired. <SEP> And we just want you to do your day's work. Yeah. And we don't really care about you as an individual. Yeah. <SEP> When you've got that type of attitude on it the people don't care about their work. No. And so. It probab- it probably basically goes right back into the h- home though unfortunately. Starts with the one person that you know. And so you need to really work hard at helping your kids to understand that there is value just in work for itself without any pay you know. <SEP> Little value just in whatever you do. Yeah. The the the that the value is in doing it well. Doing a good job of it. And.
sw3569.txt:What what. How do you get your main source of current events? Well uh until recently I was taking the WALL STREET JOURNAL. And I thought that was a good way. But I have about five different magazines that I get that keeps me up on things. You know it's a week or two late. But uh that's how I'm staying up. I either watch the news. Or or occasionally I'll read the paper. <SEP> Uh do you like how it's presented on the news? Um no. I think the media's a little bit too manipulative. They allow you uh. They they try to lead you too much I believe. And sometimes they're not very open. I I don't know. I think they're a little bit biased sometimes. Like for example the Kennedy the Kennedy rape case. The coverage on that was you know. When it first happened it was he was guilty he was guilty he was guilty. You know they try to have you form opinions or whatever. And then I I didn't like the thi- the things that were going on when we had Desert Storm and stuff like that. You know basically I I I think they don't present the the whole sides of of everything. So it it makes you feel like they're uh wanting you to take their opinion. Right. It's it's it's instead of reporting the news it's more like an editorial I believe on a lot of issues. <SEP> Yeah. I've noticed that too. And it's kind of distressing isn't it? Yeah. <SEP> And they just I've noticed that they do it just with subtle little words uh usually uh just that sway the whole uh report that you know by just a couple of words. Well when when I was in school I um I was a communications major. So I I I'm well aware of the little subtle words and persuasive speaking and and so forth. So communications huh. Were you looking into becoming a reporter. Or. I was. And um I we- I ventured off in a whole entire different field field. I went with the state. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh I um went with the Department of State Treasurer in retirement disability. Calculate benefits. I bet that's a interesting job. Yeah. So the. So and you know working you know working for state government you hear all about current events about things going on within the state itself. So that that's another source that I I where I keep up with current events. And. <SEP> Yeah. There's one that I'm reading right now. It's INFORMATION WEEK. It says A T and T to account for the the benefits that the A I C P A now says you have to show as a liability. It's going to cost them seven point five billion after tax charge in ninety-three to account for that. It's a lot of money. <SEP> And it'll drop their earnings by a hundred million a year forever more. It's a lot of money. Yeah. It is. And yeah you have to stay up on stuff. And I bet in your your job that you have to. Do you read the WALL STREET JOURNAL? No. Well no. I I I primarily deal with the state employees. But I I find interesting tidbits in what the news reports as far as the like the state of North Carolina's budget and stuff like that. And I really know what the budget is. And and uh uh when they were saying we were so poor and they couldn't pay taxes and pay people their income tax refunds and things like that. And you know I'm well aware of the billions of assets that the state has. And it it's just funny. You know so that's that's that's. So I don't have a whole lot of faith in in you know the news. Course it's. They they get what they hear from. But you know it's not always I I think one hundred percent reliable. <SEP> Can you think of anything that could be done to make our news media more accurate and objective? I think they need to do a little bit go into a little bit more depth uh before they would just report like somebody wants to make a statement or something like that. Because I mean another example is the uh AIDS issue or whatever. You know someone said Oh I found a cure. They immediately. The headlines on the news or whatever is Someone says they found a cure for AIDS. And then two months later it's discovered it's not you know. Before they before they come out with something like that they need to to research the matter I believe a little bit more. I guess they do that so they don't get scooped you know. So they have the big story. Well that. Well yeah. I I. It. I think the.
sw2461.txt:Okay. We're going to talk about the public school system What's wrong with it an or if anything is wrong with it and what we can do about it what should be done about it. Okay. <SEP> Fantastic. Well one thing that pops into my mind real quick is uh about the uh funding of the the school system right now. Yeah. Evidently uh that's that's a big problem. Yeah. It's amazing uh. I always thought that teachers never got paid nearly enough I mean to be doing what they're doing uh. <SEP> Right. When I was in college I I enjoyed teaching. 'cause I did some teaching part-time. And I really enjoyed that. But I wouldn't want to go teach high school or junior high. It just you know all the problems. Oh Lord I mean yeah. An you talk about stress and pressure. I tell you what. It's uh. Yeah. They're putting in fifty sixty hours a week. I'm sure because they've got to grade papers and get class stuff ready. <SEP> Do. Right. And you know and they're being paid probably half what most people being paid. Exactly. And. And we're paying basketball people you know millions of dollars a year for for what you know. <SEP> That's right. And then they uh poof it off you know do like Tarpley. Yeah. But uh I. What gets me is I can't believe that Congress uh or our state legislature can't come up with uh some kind of workable means to have funds for the school. You know it's uh. I just don't understand that. Yeah. It's uh. Now do you have little kids or what? <SEP> No uh. Sure don't. My wife and I've just been married about two years. But I have a sister that's a uh school teacher. And uh. Yeah. Yeah. My wife and I have a a three year old almost four and a a two year old. Okay. So we're looking at the the older one going to school next year. Not not well not this coming fall but the year after that. <SEP> Okay. So it's getting close. Yeah. He's going to be going to kindergarten. So. So you know we're we're thinking about that. Right. What's that going to be like. Are they going to be taught nothing. Or they going be taught something. We're going to we're going to be involved in our child's education. We're going to be teaching him what we can at home of course because uh I guess we don't trust the school system which is very sad uh. <SEP> Right. But. But if it doesn't start at home it's not going to go anywhere. Exactly. <SEP> Right. That's true. You know and we're going to try to teach him good values because you know we- when when they get to upper level school and they start teaching them well hey if you can play football or basketball that's what's important. Not if you can read or write or do or un- understand some science. Exactly. You know I mean give me a break. That's that's that's bogus. <SEP> Right. Right. Well and uh you know one thing my wife and I've talked about i- are uh private schools. You know whether uh uh we would want to invest in in private schools as they're g- growing up because you know just in the Dallas area um we're not real comfortable with the with the public schools. Yeah. And Dallas uh school district just recently got an advised status because of their low quality schooling. <SEP> Right. I couldn't believe that. Right. You know one that's one reason we bought a house here in Plano. We were hoping you know well the school district's going to be good you know for resale value and so on and so forth. Yeah. <SEP> But uh I can definitely uh see on down the road you know where we do have kids and are getting to that age that's going to be a definite concern. Yeah. We talked you talked about before about the school funding. I think there's only going to be one solution to school funding which I don't think will be necessarily the best way. But I think what's going to have to happen is there's going to have to be tuition for grade school and junior high and high school kids. That's the only way they're going to fund it because if they start raising taxes for property and people are going to throw a fit. That's. Yeah. And you know that's. Taxes right now are political suicide. Oh yeah. <SEP> You know and I don't think any politician's going to do that. So. Yeah. And the only thing they they would think of would be tuition you know. If it works at colleges it will work down below. Right. And you know that's going to that's going to affect the people that are having kids in school of course which is probably the only fair thing to do. But it will be hard for those that people that have have in school because they have to pay out even more. <SEP> Exactly. And you know it's going to really hurt the the middle class uh people I think. Because uh they're the ones that will probably have to to carry the brunt of the load. Oh yeah. That's right. <SEP> So uh. And most of the problems with kids in school carrying guns and and knives and everything. I mean good grief what's. Yeah. Now that's that's just unbelievable to me you know. I can't believe that. I mean when I was in junior high and high school that never happened. You never heard about that. <SEP> Well yeah. We didn't we didn't even think about it you know. No. And now you know what do we have now. You know got kids that either got a you know a Magnum gun school. Like good grief. R- right. I mean I'd I'd be afraid to be in school I mean b- teaching or even being a student. And think what what's it going to be like for my my youngest an my oldest son when he goes to school. What's going to happen? I mean I I'm afraid for him to go. <SEP> Exactly. Right. But there again you can't hold them back. Another reason yo-. And you want to encourage them you know to to be active and everything in school. But uh you know with all the peer pressure that's going on with all the negative things it is uh it's a tough environment to be growing up in. Yeah. And lot tougher than it was when I was going to school. And that was. Well I was I graduated high school in nineteen seventy-nine. So. That was what twelve years ago I guess. <SEP> Okay. Right. So you know it's lot different now. And what's it going to be like in another twelve years when my uh oldest son is in high school. <SEP> That's right. That's right. I'm afraid to I'm afraid to even think about it. That yeah that is a scary thought. But uh I don't know. I I guess what you have to do is just uh keep in uh you know encouraging them and and uh uh try to be open with them so that y- you can deal with the problems as they come up. That's all you can do. <SEP> Yeah. And. You got to you got to be your child's best friend I guess even when they're a teenager and they you know are kind of standoffish. Right. Still you got to be their best friend because when they've got problems who they going to go to their friends that are dealing drugs or or your parents. <SEP> Exactly. You know an and if they go to their friends dealing drugs they're going to be in even worse shape. That's right. And and the schools don't don't really encourage to stay away from that you know. The schools are there to teach history and that we fought the civil war etcetera etcetera. They don't teach them good values like drugs are bad. I maybe I'm wrong because I haven't you know been in that kind of environment for a long time. But it just is amazing you know. <SEP> Right. Need to teach them good values. That's true. That's true. And uh. Of course wh- if I say this is a good value someone else is going to stand up and say oh no. And the A C L U is going to get after them and have a lawsuit. Which is going to take twenty years to resolve you know. <SEP> Right. Well and I think uh you touched on it you know. You've got to start them at the home. Yeah. <SEP> You know that's where they that's where they get the the deep rooted values. And and and uh and that's about right. That's all you can do. Then you just have to hope and pray that that everything uh works out works out okay. So. That's right. Well I got to be going. So uh. <SEP> Okay. Well hey I appreciate the call. Nice talking to you today. You to. Have a good life uh.
sw2020.txt:Hi. Hi. Um okay. What now uh what particularly particularly what kind of music do you like? Well I mostly listen to popular music. I uh listen to it all the time in in my car. So I I tend to be one of those people who switches stations a lot because I don't like commercials. But uh I find myself listening to popular music. <SEP> Yeah. And uh quite honestly I I have some little children. And I unfortunately found myself listening to a lot of nursery rhyme music here lately. But that's not by my choice. Oh really. How about you? <SEP> Well um I don't have that I don't have that experience to share. Lucky you. I I do I do listen to a lot of. You know I do I switch the stations a lot because I don't have a cassette player in my car. Um um. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh uh however I I do I do like a lot of different forms of music. So I switch quite often. Um I think I like. I I'm really particular about the type of music that I listen to. Uh-huh. But the uh. There's such a wide selection. I think I like a lot I like a little bit of a lot of different types of music. You know I I I like music that is that I feel. If it is performed correctly or if it's done right or if the version is done right I like it. Yeah. <SEP> But if if it's not then I won't. I I really don't. How do you feel about rap music? Rap. It seems to be so popular these days. <SEP> Yeah. Well I I don't really have anything against rap music. I. The one thing I do object to about rap music is is when it becomes militant or if it's uh violence oriented. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> I I have strong objections to that. Um actually I listen to. One time I remember this was back when even uh. I would say about ten or fifteen years ago I. When it was really just starting. Yeah. Right. When it was just starting I heard what was called talking blues which actually is rap. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh it was about. The the piece of music the piece of music was about I think about forty or fifty years old. And it was incredible I mean the parallel you know between it and rap. Right. And um you you listen a lot. If you if you hear a lot of old gospel uh uh especially well the black gospel. You know you will you know you can really pick it up. I mean. Yeah. You really. It seemed to be influenced by a lot of different music. A lot of times you'll hear songs that you know they're not original but have been put to a rap kind of a rhythm. <SEP> Yeah. And uh sounds it sounds so much different. And yet I I have a much younger sister who listens to a lot of rap music. And uh she thinks it's pretty funny how often I know all of the words to songs that she's listening to. And yet she thought they were brand new original pieces. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. They they do they do copy versions they do cover versions of of you know like standards I guess you could call it. That's right. <SEP> I think it's kind of absurd you know the fact that you know they don't really they don't really give you know the original artist or the original composer the credit that is really due to them. No. Yeah. I guess there was even a a bit of ruckus caused by the M C Hammer who's really you know. <SEP> Yeah. Seems to be the hot one of of today. He used um WILD THING. Do you remember that that song. Yeah. He used um. I can't remember who the artist was on that. <SEP> Jimi Hendrix was the original. Who? Jimi Hendrix was the original. He wrote. Was it. Well ma- maybe it wasn't that one. Because it was a living it was a living person that I'm I'm thinking of that um that said `` You know hey that those are my words. ''. <SEP> Okay. And uh I guess that they because they hadn't originally gotten um permission from him to use it. Uh-huh. And he he since then has has amended that and paid them his royalties every time the the song goes on. But. <SEP> Yeah. I don't know. It may have it may have been somebody else because I think I think that even Jimi Hendrix did it. I think that was a cov-. You know come to think of it I think that was a cover version of like a John Lee Hooker song or something. Maybe so. I I can't think. I mean it was just like. It was really old. <SEP> I mean I I. There are a lot there are so many different songs. I mean like the whole thing about cover versions a lot of times. I mean I've heard some songs that that I just thought were horrendous cover versions of. I'm like you know I I don't want to listen to this. Because you know you think of the original is like. Yeah. You know oh that was really great. That was a you know a really good piece of work. And then when you hear the cover it's like you know God what are they doing. Right. They destroyed it. <SEP> I I think a good one was um. There was a Peter Frampton song. Oh yeah !. And then the cover version I think I mean I thought was absolutely it was pitiful. I I remember seeing the video of it on M T V. And I thought it was hideous. <SEP> Yeah. I did too. It was. Ugh I didn't like that either. Yeah. But you know whatever became of Peter Frampton. I mean there was nothing. He was a phenomenon. I me- there was no reason for him to really come into you know great stardom or anything. I remember I saw him in a concert when I was. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I think I think it. I think it was in high school. Yeah. I think that probably what did it for him was the fact that he was a good stage performer. Uh-huh. He was very good. I remember I saw him in a huge stadium in uh Philadelphia. It was in J F K Stadium if I can remember. <SEP> Oh man. Hundreds of thousands of people is what it seemed like. Yeah. I've I graduated back in seventy-nine. So. Um um. Uh-huh. <SEP> But but I've really. I I loved. I mean I was I was really into the album oriented music even then. Uh-huh. So I was really familiar with a lot with a lot of of the A O R type music. Um the album oriented like the uh James Taylor and the uh the Beatles. Oh yeah. <SEP> And you know I mean a lot of people they go they're better than the Beatles. And I'm like you know you don't know what you're talking about. No. <SEP> I mean the comparison made between New Kids On The Block with the Beatles. It was just. You can only laugh. Yeah. You just sort of. You know well I guess I can just humor them you know. At this point. Right. Well they. I guess our age is showing when we we think that. <SEP> Yeah. But well you know I I I've liked a lot of the new music. I think um um when. Uh-huh. I saw some promise you know with with a lot of the new wave when it when it came out uh back in the mid and early eighties. Yeah. <SEP> And then um I don't know. Music is kind of in a weird it's in a very weird position right now. I think that. I mean I like you know things like to hear you know what they call world music. Which is you know using all these natural forms of music. And. Like Paul Simon. Like. Yeah. Yeah. Paul Simon. Yeah. <SEP> Well you know really that's not world music. But what what Paul Simon's doing I think is is is great because he's you know I think I think that using I guess what they call it is eclectic you know. Drawing from a lot of different sources and making you know a synthesis of a new type of music. Um. Yeah. What do you mean by world music? <SEP> Well world music is um. A lot of the a lot of where they where they make music that they adapt to a to another kind of to another type of listener. Uh-huh. Uh for example let's say you're taking like an original Brazilian form of music and with a certain style. And then you try to make it a little bit more listenable for let's say another audience let's say a North American. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then when they hear it it it's a really it's another form of music and you know sort of um trying to draw out the best sources. Um. The the best of every type of music. Right. <SEP> Because I mean there are some I mean. I I li-. There are some you know types of heavy metal that I really like. But but I wouldn't I wouldn't say that I I completely like heavy metal. No. I I think. You know and it's the same way with. You know world music takes the forms that have really been um. I guess I. You know the best example or you know the cream of the crop I guess you could say. And then and then taking those those qualities and then applying in the styles that are really um that are extremely enjoyable and then taking. So then it becomes a kind of music of of its own so to speak. Or uh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. It becomes a kind of music of its own. I mean when you listen to it it's um uh. I think that they don't use elec-. Some of it. It's. They use electronic and acoustic interchangeably. Uh-huh. So you know well a lot of the stuff you hear coming from South Africa now and from West Africa that's considered world music because it's not particularly using certain types of folk styles. Right. <SEP> But they're they're trying to make it somewhat more modern. I I I. A good another good example was I heard Miles Davis. And Miles Davis worked with Robbie Shoncar if you can believe it. Uh-huh. I mean You know he's a jazz performer. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then he's playing with Robbie Shoncar who's a very good. He's a very good arranger. Uh arrangement to uh. We're going to have to get off. The. Are they trying to. I don't know. But uh. We've talked our five minutes though. <SEP> Yeah. Okay. But I mean when I heard his album I heard it and it was just incredible. I've been listening to that a lot lately. Yeah. I I listened. And I heard. You know you hear this guitar. And then you hear the muted trumpet. I. Me. And you never would think that they that they can actually play together. But. Oh yeah.
sw3362.txt:Okay. I'll let you start this time. Well how much do you like lawn and garden work? Well uh even though it's totally out of my uh my degree training I've been working as as in the horticultural aspect so the last I don't know fifteen twenty years so Uh I'm. <SEP> Oh. Oh for goodness sakes. <SEP> What do you do? Well I work for the state as as a grounds keeper. Uh-huh. Well that's interesting. Um so at this time of the year are you doing much garden work? No. Mostly snow removal which we've had a lot of. <SEP> But uh I don't know. I I guess uh growing up on the farm and and that I I've always had a big interest uh. Right. I have a uh when I have an area to do I I always had a big garden and enjoy working on lawns and and everything. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well I love to work outside really. And I enjoy flowers and stuff. I don't do a whole lot of it um at this exact point in my life um because I have two teenage boys. And so they do all the lawn all the lawn care. Okay. <SEP> But I still take care of the you know flower beds and things like that. I was even planning to go out and to uh dig up some hibiscus plants that will not make it through the winter here but you know were planted in the ground since last spring. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I was going to dig them up for a friend and for some starters for me. And lo and behold about five days ago we had a freeze down to about oh twenty-three degrees or something. Uh-huh. So the hibi- hibiscus plants no longer exist. Oh that's terrible. Twenty-three de-. <SEP> And I really feel bad about it. It's a plant that we've had for probably twenty-five years that these were cuttings off of you know. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> So they're all gone at this point. Gardening in Texas is really interesting though. I grew up in Illinois. Yeah. And um Texas is just so hot in the summer and so dry. Why you know everyone that lives in town and has yards practically has land- uh watering system. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so with that why our lawns do stay um you know pretty nice all summer if you water. Uh-huh. But in the winter we have Bermuda grass. Uh-huh. <SEP> And in the winter it turns as brown as a grocery sack. Right. Yeah. And and I just think it's ugly. <SEP> When I go back home to my parents in Illinois in the winter you know and their grass is fairly green. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's one one aspect of a lot of those grasses they go dormant. I think the Saint Augustine and uh Centipede grass is another one you have quite a bit of down there. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Those two. <SEP> Yeah. Some people have I think it's fescue that stays green all winter. Yeah. But they really have a heck of a time keeping it going in the middle of the summer. Um. Yeah. <SEP> They have to water an incredible amount. But um those law- those lawns look nice during the winter. But you know they almost stick out like a I guess not a sore thumb a pretty thumb. But you know when you look at the neighborhoods and they're all brown except the one you know. It's sort of like well. Well I know my folks live uh in Arizona there. And uh you know they just grow rocks. And. That's their gardening there. So uh I guess as long as you can have uh some grass there. <SEP> Right. So. I know I was in uh Houston when I was working for a company once. And we were taking care of lawns out there. And uh that particular year they had just tons of rain you know. It was raining continuously. Uh-huh. And then I know with all that moisture a lot of the lawns get a lot of disease problems. <SEP> Yes. That's true. Yeah. Houston is a lot um a lot wetter than than Dallas Dallas area. That's where Plano is. And um and just humidity you know just all the time it's an awfully lot more humid. Uh-huh. Are are you uh able to get uh sometimes a double crops of of certain things in your garden? <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. I think people do. Yeah. I don't have a vegetable garden. Haven't for I guess I never have here actually. But um but yes. Uh-huh. We have Neil Sperry talks on the radio.
sw3056.txt:Hi Ed. Hi. Hi. <SEP> Uh books. I've actually I am reading a couple of different books uh. One wa- is uh a story. Well it is not a story. It is a collection of uh of memos supposedly written by Howard Hughes uh. Oh. That was uh that was. It came out a couple of years ago. And I have just now gotten around to reading it. I have had it a couple years. But uh jus- jus-. Who wrote that? <SEP> Oh I do not remember the man's name. He was used to be a reporter for uh I think the NEW YORK TIMES or the WASHINGTON POST one of the two. And he supposedly got this this s- story uh I mean this uh was contacted by this guy who had these these memos he wanted to sell. And they were they were ones that had supposedly been stolen from the uh corporate headquarters in uh in Los Angeles. Huh. They on. I think it was Romain Drive or Romain Street or something there in Los Angeles. They used to have a. Or I guess they still do uh. Had a uh uh big warehouse kind of thing which had offices. And it was sort of nondescript for a uh you know for the size of the company which inside was basically a store house of a bunch of stuff he collected. He he was uh a great collector of everything. He he he did not he did not throw anything away. And uh supposedly this guy had had been breaking there for awhi-. He was a like you know burglar had been breaking there awhile and uh And had ended up. I see. <SEP> He had some accomplices that were kind of suspect. And they uh they broke in one one night and found a bunch of memos that were uh supposedly from from Hughes to uh to his main uh main a- assistant back uh in the fifties and si- well I guess in the sixties up until his death. Well that is interesting. Right. <SEP> So it's pretty interesting work. So. That is an intriguing type of book to be reading and trying to keep up on things like that. Yeah. It's a it's a little it's a little hard. You have to plod through it. And you know it does not have a real story or any plot. Uh-huh. <SEP> You just kind of have to read and understand what is going on. And they have not made a movie of the week of it yet. No. I have not seen it. <SEP> But it's but it is it is real interesting. Yeah. Uh I also reading uh the uh thi-. It's a an old another old book that I happen to have. I am sort of rereading it. It's uh a book about uh the Bermuda Triangle. But it's uh it's about it's a real good book that a guy uh wrote who was uh a research librarian. He wrote uh sort of debunking many of the uh uh the stories about the uh Bermuda Triangle. You know. He he was thinking many many of the the myths many of the myths of the triangle were uh actually could be explained. Uh. <SEP> Explained. And you know. Uh and the rea- reason I was picked it back up was in light of all the uh Well when they found the uh the airplanes on the in the Atlantic thinking they were Flight Nineteen. And I don't know if you are familiar with that at all. But it's uh. Flight Nineteen was one of the uh was a a collection of a flight of five Navy adventures at the end of World War Two. Right after World War Two. And they were they were lost. And uh. Supposedly scooped up by the triangle. <SEP> Yeah. They were. Yeah. And so and in the book you know even. He wrote this book back in the seventies. And even and even then he he had a very good case for the fact they probably just got lost and they ditched in the water. And uh because he he mentions he he goes through and brings out points from the Navy's findings and so forth. And uh it's probably you know real close to what you know everyone is thinking now that they just got turned around and could not find their way back. Yeah. On that same topic have you ever read anything about you know the Amelia Earhart story whatever happened with her? <SEP> Uh no. I have not. I I think that would be. I am sure there is something out there uh. Yeah. I would I would like to too. Because it's a lot of things coming up here lately about her you know possibilities of he- of where she. I thought she was a prisoner of war or something for like ten years. <SEP> Uh. Well whatever this is one aspect of it. Yeah. Of course you know it is so weird. Cause no one will ever really know. It's it tha-. So but it's entertaining. And it makes you think about things. <SEP> Right. That is for sure. Yeah. So that is pretty much for right now. That is what I have been reading. Yeah. <SEP> I kind of like to read different stuff. And uh I like to read a novel every now and then. But uh I am trying to get away from just reading novels all the time. Right. Well I I guess I just have not read anyth-. I mean usually I just if I find a good book I will sit you know for two days until it is finished. If it's that good. Yeah. And I think the last one I read like that was Scott Thurow's. And that was PRESUMED INNOCENT. <SEP> Yes. And I just really really liked the way he writes. It's just incredible. Yeah. I read that too. I got it uh right after it came out. <SEP> My uh you know. Yeah. He was an an assistant district attorney in Chicago at uh and while he was writing the book. And uh my sister-in-law lives in Chicago. And she had before it actually got big she sent me this book saying you might like this. This guy is you know from here. Uh. <SEP> And uh I read it and really liked it. And then about. That is when it really got big. And uh so I. That was good I think. And and the other book I am trying to think you know like was in the last year. And I think I did read Tom Wolfe and VANITY uh. <SEP> BONFIRE OF THE VANITY. BON. Yeah. I have not read that although I have heard it is pretty good. Uh. <SEP> Yeah. I. That was really really good. The movie was nothing compared to the book. Yeah. That is what I have heard. And. Yeah. <SEP> I saw the movie. And uh. Oh the movie was a joke compared to. I mean because Tom Wolfe is so perceptive when it comes to you know pinpointing uh so- so- society's ills and things like that and just nailing people to the wall and exposing things. Yeah. <SEP> Right. And and so it was it was a much more intense book than the sort of flimflam that they cast off in the movie. Right. <SEP> I know. And anyway we are not talking about that. But uh gee I just I like to read gardening books and things like that. Just to tell me what to do with my garden. And uh And uh. Yeah. <SEP> I have a lot of uh uh computer books that. I am I do computer work. And so I have a lot of those. So I spend a lot of time looking through those not necessarily reading them but looking through them. Yeah. But I I'm interested in a lot of that. But uh I have got a lot of books that I I intend to read. But I have not been able to yet you know for one reason or another. Like what is a book on your list. You know I have a list too. And I have never gotten to it. <SEP> Oh gosh I do not I do not really have a list. Cause I just kind of uh I just have all the books out you know. I have book shelves. And I have them all out. And usually when I am through with one I will go in and uh uh uh look look through uh. I have one now and I I can not remember the name of it that I that I got is. The sister-in-law in Chicago usually sends me for my birthday or or Christmas or something will send me another another good book. And uh uh sh-. Oh. I have one. And I can not remember the name of it uh. It is supposed to be a mystery.
sw2109.txt:Okay Mary. Yes. Um the uh the latest one I've seen uh had to do with a uh uh the uh basically a manhunt um. And it was uh it was called MANHUNTER actually. Uh the uh the guy uh apparently had a a mental disfunction in which he needed to go out and just slay people. Uh just uh kill them with with as much blood and and guts as possible. <SEP> Oh how awful. It was true it was truly awful. It was not one that I picked. But uh uh it it did show some some uh some interesting things about the F B I. Because they were the the uh the characters trying trying to get him were F B I people. And uh uh of the of the few good things that were in it it did show uh a lot about the F B I. About the training and and how they go through training and how they try to to develop uh uh a mental picture of who they're looking for before they go out and do it and all the different ways they go about doing that. And it was uh uh it was pretty telling about the the the F B I and their procedures. I wonder how truthful all of that was or whether there was fiction. Yeah. I I imagine a lot of it had to be fictional just to keep the F B I uh going I guess. <SEP> Yeah. Well they keep it rather secretive. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Well the most recent movie I saw uh I'm afraid was uh. Well two two of them actually. Uh the RAIN MAN was one. Oh that was great one. <SEP> Wasn't that fabulous. And and DRIVING MISS DAISY. Oh I loved it. You know I haven't seen that one yet. And I need to go see it. <SEP> Oh you need to see that. Yeah. That is the most heart rendering story of relationships between two people. Two diametrically opposed people from the stand point that one was Jewish and one was black. Uh-huh. <SEP> And this all took place in the South. Oh my. And uh normally never the twain shall meet. You bet especially in the South. <SEP> Yes. Right. And um uh it it really was a fantastic movie. The acting was phenomenal. Well as it as I recall it got some Academy Awards didn't it. Oh yes. Jessica Tandy won best actress. And uh. Oh yeah. That's right. It it might have one best picture too. <SEP> Yes. It did. Yes. It did. Yeah. Just as RAIN MAN uh with Dustin Hoffman uh that that was tremendous and Tom Cruise. That was. <SEP> Yeah. I I think it was more a lesson for Tom Cruise than anything else in terms of uh of how to act from Dustin Hoffman. But uh. Yes. Uh oh that was that was uh what the much of the hype was that Tom Cruise learned so much from Dustin Hoffman. Yeah. It must have been great just being with him on on a daily basis and seeing how he prepares for his for his lines and all that stuff. <SEP> Yeah. And a good bit of that was filmed right in Cincinnati. Which is just forty-five miles from from where I am where I actually live in a suburb of Dayton. Oh. Is is the Kmart there? <SEP> Oh we do have Kmart here. You better believe it. Isn't there a Kmart everywhere? That was that was so funny. He had to. Or was it Kmart. Yes. He had to buy his underwear at Kmart. <SEP> Right. Right. Yeah. That was hilarious. The the I guess the the first the first uh scene in that movie that really got my attention uh concerning the the disease and all that was when he uh dropped the the uh the toothpicks. Oh yes. And he was able to count the number of toothpicks just by a mental image. <SEP> Yes. Yes. Unbelievable. Well you know there are people uh referred to as savants also uh who can do most phenomenal things. Yeah. <SEP> And everyone feels they are totally retarded. Yeah. Wel- because that's the way they they might seem outwardly. That's right. But boy there's a lots going on in there. <SEP> It's amazing. Yeah. Yeah. And I the the I think the the best thing about RAINMAN was the uh the way that they put together the the real awfulness of the of the of the disease only. Yes. An and then they balanced it with the wonderfulness of it you know. And and and you need to to work with it uh you know certainly on on a daily basis but then ag- then again work with it toward a good end. Not not toward winning in Las Vegas for example. <SEP> Yes. And the. Right. Well the warmth that developed between them. And again it I think was a picture of relationships. Yeah. <SEP> Again the relationship uh between the two uh that uh never would have occurred uh by accident. Right. Right. I was uh I was so impressed with that movie. I saw it three times. Did you. I can I can se- tell you oh so much about that movie just because it it really rang uh rang a lot of my uh my personal background. I I have a a brother myself that's that's older. And uh he's not you know. Nothing nothing of course serious is wrong with him. But uh but we have gone through these these lapses of of a relationship somewhat sometimes. <SEP> Yes. And then you know uh for for for no real you know direct reason I guess uh we we get into uh uh a really good relationship for a while and then you know back and forth. So I I was really able to to relate to the the relationship aspect of the movie between the brothers. That was neat. Uh-huh. Well that's tremendous. That it's good because it does make you think about your own family. Yeah. A lot. <SEP> And see it did bring out a lot of thoughts between you and your brother. Uh-huh. No question. He the he was he's one of these guys though that doesn't really like to go see movies like that. He likes the bang them up and shoot them up things. Uh-huh. And and uh it it was like pulling teeth to go get him to to see it. But uh oh boy. He was uh uh he he gave the the best response that I've heard him give of this type of movie for RAIN MAN. I mean he certainly didn't. He only saw it one time. And he didn't go back for more. But uh he he said he enjoyed it. And and. <SEP> Well he at least saw it one time. Yeah. Yeah. And and he really. I don't know. He he's kind of a Dustin Hoffman fan anyway. But he wa- but before he saw the movie he was like disappointed that Dustin Hoffman would do this. I'm like oh come on. <SEP> Just think of what a phenomenal actor Dustin Hoffman is. Yeah. He will do that to research it and to be able to mimic a person uh uh with the kinds of problems that he had. And to make it believable. <SEP> Yes. I mean I was I was believing it. I don't know about any body else. But I was it was great. Well I'm sure everybody that saw it was believing it right along with them. He did great. <SEP> Well it's just uh been delightful talking with you. Yeah. Yeah. You take care up there. And uh let's hear it for the summertime. Absolutely. I'm ready for it. But they're predicting some more snow for our direction. No. Oh no. Oh well take care. <SEP> Take care now. Bye bye. Bye bye.
sw3207.txt:Um I don't. I am only twenty-eight. And I haven't had much experience with nursing homes. I don't I have never visited any of them. And uh I don't think I've ever even been in one. Have you? Um actually I have um I've I've been in them but um just visiting. And uh we used to g- when we were like in in our teen ages. We'd go on Sundays and visit you know the older people. But um I have an elderly grandma that lives with us. Uh-huh. <SEP> And she's lived with us for like five years. So I kind of know how it is to how to decide if you want to put somebody in a rest home. Or um like we I mean we've had those discussions you know about should we put her in or because she's pretty senile. And. And it it takes a lot of care. Like twenty-four hours a day someone has to be Well there's someone in my my fiancee's family. Yeah. <SEP> It's rea-. His grandmother too and they're that hi- her son his uncle whatever you know anyway. He he has he's recently retired. And so he's the one who she moved in with when she had a stroke. And and all the other children are working or whatever. <SEP> Uh-huh. They're all my parents age. And uh so he's got you know his retirement though is really twenty-four hours a day. They have a day care two days a week. They call it senior citizen day care. But she goes in the senior citizen center. Oh really? So sh- he gets a break two days a week. But it's only for like two or three hours at a time. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you know just you see a lot of things like you you know was a great golfer and wanted to play golf when he retired. And you know that a lot of the things he thought he would do when he retired he's not able to do now. Right. But he refuses to consider any other. I don't. <SEP> To put her in a rest home? Yeah. And is that how your parents feel. Or. Um well see it's more my grandma that feels that way. Uh-huh. <SEP> She says that when her husband died that he said oh that my uncle had said that he would never ha- put her in a rest home. So it's kind of uh. I don't know. I mean I don't I don't think my parents would. But she is getting pretty bad. Like she has to have like a little toilet right by her bed. And it's. Uh-huh. And my mom has to take care of her pretty much. So it gets. I don't know. It's it's a hard decision. But I don't think I would do it to my parents personally. I know at this. I know I feel like I would never do that with my parents either you know. But I I really feel bad for the people I see th- not very. I'm not really really experienced. But like I said I just have that one family. And I just really feel bad for the guy who his whole life is different now. And than he thought it would be. But. <SEP> When he retired? Yeah. And he's got you know seven brothers and sisters. And and uh he's the one because he's the one that isn't going to work every day and that she moved in with when she needed to move in with someone. And. Yeah. It's like that good for us just because my uncle and my and my mom switch off like we have her for three months. And then he has her for three months. Oh well that's great. <SEP> So that that works out good. That's a good idea. We ought to. Yeah. And maybe when the other brothers and sisters retire or whatever I don't know what they're going to do. It's really not my family. It's my fiancee's. So I don't I can't say much. <SEP> Uh-huh. But I always feel like I would never put my parents in either. And I wonder I'm going to be the only sibling that isn't going to have children. So if my parents do need to live with someone it will probably be with me because all my brothers and sisters will be having teenagers around and everything to care for. You know. Really? And I'm I. That's fine with me. I- my fiancee and I both figure that's what's we're going to end up with both of the parents or whoever. If the-. <SEP> You know what I mean? We feel like it's our responsibility. Uh-huh. And I feel like I would never put them in a home. But I wonder how much you know if one of us is going to have to quit work someday or retire early or something. <SEP> Uh-huh. You think about it. And it's really. I don't know. This country kind of takes the worst care of the elderly of any other country. You think? I I I'm not really familiar with how other countries. And It's really more of a um like a respect issue th- that the older older people in other countries that I've been to seem to really have a lot more respect for the elderly people. <SEP> And and they really seem as wise. And and in this country nobody really Yeah nobody really pays attention. They're seen as senile. And they oh the old-timer made with the old way. And nobody respects the traditions. And you know it's I. I'm not saying that I do either. But you know it's just funny. <SEP> Right. And and we really don't have any that don't have the Social Security. And everything really isn't that much for elderly people to live on. Uh-huh. You know even if they're in good health it's incredible. <SEP> Right. They don't have any. They don't get special treatment and maybe they should you know because we're all going to get old someday. Uh-huh. <SEP> I know. And so it's a it's kind of a depressing topic though. How old are you? Um I'm twenty. So it is yeah and it must be rough for you too to see your grandmother. <SEP> Yeah. It's it really is. But and she she drives us craz-.
sw2010.txt:This is Archie. Hi Archie. I'm Sharon. Have you seen DANCING WITH WOLVES? <SEP> Yeah. I've seen that. That's uh that was a really good movie. Probably one of the best things about it was the scenery. And uh I thought the story was pretty good too. I I think Kevin Costner did a really good job with it. Have you ever lived in that part of the country? No. I haven't. Have you ever visited it? <SEP> Um I've visited the Wyoming area. I'm not sure exactly where DANCES WITH WOLVES was filmed. I think it was the black hills of South Dakota. Could be. I n- I haven't been to South Dakota. Have have you been up to that? Well I lived in Omaha for five winters. <SEP> Oh. Okay. And that rolling kind of uh. <SEP> Terrain. Yeah. Is is fairly famili-. The thing that I thought was interesting was that the critics. Apparently it's going to win everything. Really? Uh and I had been told you know you wouldn't notice that it was three hours long and all this kind of. <SEP> That's true. I agree with that. Um I I noticed yesterday in the paper something said that it. I think it's been nominated for twelve awards. And and all the critics initially said that you know it wouldn't go anywhere that it was just going to be a dud. So it it has surprised everybody. Well the interesting thing was is I had heard that. And I I I tend to I think overreact occasionally when somebody tells me it's that great. And and it was the thing is it was it was a good story. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. And and and I guess that's what I really like. Although I must admit I did look at my watch after about an hour. <SEP> Did you? Yeah. Have you seen SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY? No. I've heard I've heard that's really great though. <SEP> Y- you have to go see that one. And how about SILENCE OF THE LAMB? No. Go. You must really keep up. <SEP> I do. I go every weekend. I I uh. Those are two definite must see movies I think. Well isn't isn't SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY isn't that a. I- is it is it a terror movie. Or is it just suspenseful? It's suspenseful. I don't think it's very t-. I mean there's not really any uh blood and guts in it or anything like that. It's it's more suspense. Um the other one SILENCE OF THE LAMBS is kind of a a gory movie if if somebody's not into that kind of stuff. It's it's pretty graphic at points. But uh I think they're both excellent movies. Do you do you listen to Gary Cogill? <SEP> No. Huh-uh. Is uh. Do you know who he is? Yeah. Somebody in South Carolina told me about him. He's a the movie critic. Um oh you've oh. Okay. He's a movie critic on channel eight in Dallas. <SEP> Yeah. And he does uh he has a talk show on the K L I F. Anyway it's on from seven to nine or something. And and and people call in. And it's. If you keep up with movies it's kind of interesting. There's a certain a mount of dribble that they do. They've got uh they've got a couple of kids ten or twelve years old. And they call in. And they review movies. But it's uh. Oh. He anyway he. It's interesting. You listen to him. And then you you go watch the movie. In fact they had people had just seen. I was listening Sunday night a little bit when I was going to pick up my daughter. <SEP> Uh-huh. But anyway it was uh the. It it's interesting though. The the difficulty with with DANCING WITH WOLVES is that when you make a movie like that and you produce it and then you star in it uh the question is did he did he really know it was going to be good. Or did he just do it? I think that I think he really. His heart was in it. But I I don't think he really knew it was going to be as big as it was. I think it was something that he really wanted to do. He wanted to direct it. He wanted to to star in it. You know he he enjoyed the story line. And I think he just really w- he really wanted it. And whether it whether it won all kinds of awards or whether it just was okay at the box office I think he would have been happy. Because I think that I think he did a good job. And and the self-satisfaction he got out of it is much greater than any awards that they can give him. Do you know who the guy was that was playing the uh the the wagon driver? <SEP> Um. A little piece of trivia. You know the guy when he first headed out from the army post. Yeah. Who. No. I don't know who that guy is. He he plays on MURPHY BROWN. <SEP> Oh he does? Yes. He's he's Eldon her housepainter. As a recurring character every week? <SEP> Oh. Can you believe that? No. <SEP> Now see I'd I'd a never put those two together. That's that's one of those interesting pieces of trivia that somebody said did you notice that? Huh-uh. I thought no it's really funny. But I thought it it. You think back. And yeah. It was him but with a you know with the beard and all that stuff. <SEP> Yeah. I mean it's uh. Yeah. Real scruffy looking. Yeah. Real scruffy looking. <SEP> And it wa- it was really funny it's uh that that he winds up playing in the movie. But I thought it's good that you know. It was a lot of fun. Yeah. I don't know how long this conversation is supposed to go. But we're at about five minutes. I should think we've done enough. <SEP> You think so? I mean I haven't been watching my watch. Um I guess. Yeah. Does it usually cut off? Is that what it does? Well I don't know. Why do we end this thing? <SEP> It used to it used to just automatically cut off. I think it just says hang up. But it says when the conversation is over just say your good-byes and hang up. So I I guess so. Why don't we do that? <SEP> Okay. Good-bye Sharon. Good talking to you Archie.
sw2406.txt:Uh-huh. Okay. Movies. I haven't seen too many lately. I have kids. And we went and saw THE RESCUERS DOWN UNDER Under over the the break. Uh-huh. <SEP> Do do you have kids you take to movies. Or. No. No kids. Yeah. It's a Walt Disney movie. And it didn't get as you know as good a reviews as like the LITTLE MERMAID their last one and got all kinds of Academy Awards and things last year. But this one was I thought was excellent. The. Was that the animated version? <SEP> Yeah. It's animated. And I can't believe how good they're getting with their animation now. It's just just the special effects you know. And in this movie this there's this boy. And he rescues this uh bald eagle. And uh and it's a huge eagle you know wing span of twenty feet or something like that. And the boy actually rides on his back. And he rides through the clouds you know. And you see him coming out of the clouds his head coming out and then the bird coming out. And it you know they're flying all over with it. And I mean I know they there must have used been computers or something for animation this day. But it was just so real realistic and lifelike and good animation. It was a good show. Even better than ROGER RABBIT insofar as animation? Well ROGER was a composite one. Yeah. <SEP> There's one there's a movie I've seen ROGER RABBIT. That's not a recent movie. But uh I enjoyed that show. Yeah. That was made in a few I don't know several years back I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Latest latest one I've saw which was a mistake to go see was LIONHEART. Had Claude Van Damme. <SEP> Uh-huh. He was he's of course uh I guess he's trained in this uh martial arts of some sort. But the plot was bland. The acting was bland. It was just mostly centered upon his abilities to. Chop them up huh? Yeah. Chop them up. Exactly. And. <SEP> This is supposed to be the the guy that's uh replaces Bruce Lee or whatever or or the next Chuck Norris type of guy. Yeah. Or he's singular I guess you know. You know how they can make any of any single one of them in a movie to be a super superstar of any sort you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Superstar. <SEP> Uh-huh. But Chuck Norris of course could be just about equal if not more. Uh-huh. Or and all of them I guess could be in that fashion or category. <SEP> Hum. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. It was about uh a French Foreign Legion fellow who deserts to go help his brother's wife who got who became a widow because he was selling drugs. <SEP> And he got killed. <SEP> Really uplifting huh? So he deserts and goes to New York. And he starts out by fighting to make money. And then he moves on to L A to where that where she is to just help him out. Uh-huh. It was really I mean the Hollywood really must think there's some real dummies out there or something. I don't know. <SEP> Yeah. I haven't heard I hadn't heard much about that movie. I. Other than it was a chop them up movie. But uh well I guess that's one I won't go see. Well it was worth the buck I guess. Oh you went to the dollar movie? Yeah. Yeah. They show up at the dollar movie right after they get come out. You know they're usually not not that great or didn't do that great anyway. A lot of. <SEP> Let me see. Let me see. Another movie I watched. Uh I want to see uh that new one uh that won all those Academy Awards this year DANCES WITH WOLVES. Uh-huh. I haven't seen that. Have you seen that one yet? Yeah. <SEP> What what what. I I absorbed all of that movie in one sitting. Uh I guess what made it so good was the cinema- cinematography. The the wide open the spaces. Yeah. And the music. And uh well it had an excellent story line. Everything about it was good. <SEP> Uh-huh. Um I thought an excellent one too was MISERY with Kathy Bates and James Caan. I'm not a James Caan fan. But that was a well directed and acted movie. Is that right? I'd recommend it. It's a little on the violent side. <SEP> Uh-huh. But then what movie isn't anymore. Right. Right. Yeah. Our movies today it used to be X. And you know and P G -s used to be R -s. And seems like the rating system you know is kind of switching that way a little bit. Well I have no objections to it. It's just uh. And it's a matter of your taste uh. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's just that. Yeah. It's just that the rating system seems you know instead of having X now they have what N C seventeen? Yeah. They just changed it because X had a connotation with it you know. So. And even on those type they don't show what you expect. <SEP> Right. A lot of those are really violent type movies. Right. <SEP> Really gory. Yeah. That seems to be the norm of most movies. But what the hey. Yeah. This is America. <SEP> Let me see. One movie I saw I guess it was a while back RED OCTOBER. Yeah. Have you seen that one? Yes. I have. That was pretty good. <SEP> Yeah. I read the book before. So I knew the story line going in. But they changed some things in the movie. It wasn't the same. I thought the book was better than the movie. But I thought the movie was really good as well. I always wait for the movie. I don't have time to read the book. Yeah. I don't. I read about one or two thick novels like that a year. You know. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's about all the time I can I can spare. But that was a good show I thought you know. I read about how they did uh an article on how they did all the special effects with the submarine. You know that wasn't a real submarine you saw in the water. It was it was all done in studio with smoke and mirrors and all the Hollywood magic. Yeah. All those underwater scenes. I thought you know. It looked to me like it was a real submarine that was in the water you know. They. <SEP> That's the magic of Hollywood special effects. Yeah. I hear this movie F X part two coming out is uh pretty good. <SEP> Is that right? Did you ever see the original one? I didn't. It was uh. You ought to rent the uh F X part one. It doesn't say part one. But it it's F slash X. <SEP> Huh. What's that about? A uh special effects man who somehow gets involved in this um. Oh I'm not sure. I can't remember. It's been a while since I've seen it. But he he gets involved in some sort of bad dealings with somebody. And he has to go underground. And he uses all of his special effects knowledge in doing what needs to be done. Hm. And uh. <SEP> To to fool people. And. Right. And using makeup and using the all the props and whatever to get to where he needs to go. All the tricks. <SEP> Uh-huh. That sounds like an interesting concept. But you need to rent the first one first. To understand what's going on in the second? Uh if if that is that the second one follows the first. I don't know if they have the uh original actors on that first one to that one. <SEP> Uh-huh. They're supposed to be coming out with all these Desert Storm movies this summer too. Oh. I expected those. <SEP> Yeah. I mean Hollywood I mean they were doing their dealings with that before they even got over there I think. Yeah. Well they had some. In some of those you know they I guess they retitled some movies that were going to be about Lebanese and and you know and and Americans. Uh-huh. <SEP> And they decide oh make it Iraqis and Americans you know. And they just change the title and uh and reshot a few parts you know where they yeah you know where they could. I guess they figured we wouldn't can't tell the difference between an. Actual names will not be used. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Eventually I'm sure they will come out with the the the proper names. <SEP> Yeah. Right. It was such a. It. I guess they they'll probably come out with a lot of movies you know. It was it was such a rout though you know. I don't know you know. They probably do the story of someone who was shot down early in the war or something and how he survived or or about or about those two newsmen or whatever that got captured. Latest story. <SEP> Uh-huh. Kevin Costner I understand is supposed to be play Schwartzkopf supposedly. Is that right? I don't know. <SEP> That's just one of the many rumors that floats around. Yeah. Or what you read. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well I think we've probably. Pretty much used up the tape I guess. Yeah. Yeah. It's been about five minutes. It's been nice talking with you. Same. And uh we'll Talk to you on the next go around. <SEP> Keep on watching those movies huh? Okay. Bye-bye. Adios.
sw2154.txt:How do you usually keep up with current events? Normally I listen to C N N or HEADLINE NEWS about an hour a day. And then I supplement that with uh radio news from my car radio and from a news magazine once a week and a newspaper if I have time. Do you. <SEP> Yeah. I don't usually have time to read the newspaper everyday. So I try to listen to the radio in the morning and and try to catch one of the morning talk shows. And then I usually end up flipping through C N N and HEADLINE NEWS during the evening. I always try to read the Sunday paper just because it usually gives a summary of the the week's hot events. So I try to I try to catch that if nothing else. That's true. And and how do you rate the uh. H- are you pleased with the news coverage that you're receiving? For for local news I think we do real well where it's. We live in a kind of small town. But I think we get excellent local coverage um. And I like the national news that we see. We we watch N B C. And I think they do a real good job. So I'm I've been real pleased with the quality of the news we get. How about you? <SEP> On the whole I'm pleased when I have an opportunity to hear just the facts. I would much prefer that they keep their analysis to themselves. Um since I don't necessarily agree with it or it tends to be extraordinarily trite. Right. Uh I think I'm fed up with trite. There seems to be more and more of it. And I understand the void that uh comes naturally with both radio presentations and television presentations. And a- as expensive as they are to produce they certainly don't want any dead airspace. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. But I think there's enough news out there that they could pass on more factual information to us. And like you said save the commentaries because I'm going to listen to the the news and draw my own opinions. I don't really need their help to do that. I wo- I we're certainly in agreement there. I don't think radio is as bad to do that as T V is. <SEP> Radio seems to have a full platter or full plate of different things that they need to get done. They're maybe they're a little more efficient or have more to do over that same time frame. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> I don't know which that answer is. Uh I think the my greatest complaint about news programs is programs like SIXTY MINUTES. Do you watch that? I used to. But I don't anymore maybe once or twice a year. Well I used to watch SIXTY MINUTES until they did two programs uh that I knew both the people and the inc- incidences. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I knew that they had presented an extremely slanted viewpoint that was in my estimate nowhere near truth but was much better for ratings. Really? Yes. <SEP> And it ever since that time I just don't watch. Uh. So I guess we have the the same reaction whether we came about it from the same place or not. Yeah. Well I had heard a couple of people you know that I had talked to about certain programs say that you know they had read other things besides what SIXTY MINUTES presented and that they didn't present it nearly the same way as the you know news articles or whatever they had they had already been familiar with. So I started questioning just how how bias they really were. So. I don't know di- I don't know how old you are. But it seems to me like the last uh newscaster that presented news in just the nice simple factual way that I wanted to hear was Walter Cronkite. Huh. <SEP> So I don't I don't know if you're familiar with him or not. No. Not really you know. In the last few years just his kind of informal segments I've seen. But I never got to see his actual nightly news. I liked. I I did grow up with David Brinkley. Uh. Well Brinkley was sort of trying to be in the mold of Cronkite. Uh-huh. <SEP> And he did a a pretty good job. THE HUNTLEY BRINKLEY REPORT was quite excellent over the years. Yeah. We we used to watch um him and I guess John Chancellor. And I always liked David Brinkley. And I- and I used to enjoy John Chancellor's style of reporting. But on the nightly news now he goes into his commentary. And that's where I get get into the problem with with him. I frequently disagree with his commentaries. So. <SEP> Well once they've reported the facts all they can offer is an opinion anymore. Right. What did you think of the news coverage of the war? Well I almost felt like it was too much. Indeed I found myself restricting my viewing to a couple of hours a day one in the morning and one in the evening. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh i- I spent a number of years in the service as an intelligence analyst. Really? And I don't need their fill-ins you know. Did that help you understand a lot what was going on your your prior experience with the military did. <SEP> Yes. But I I think it helps me everyday in trying to review wh- the state that the world is in and try to guess where we're going. I wondered if it would help you sometimes fill in the gaps or recognize discrepancies that other people people like myself might not pick up on. Well I I think uh my background is probably what absolutely turned me off with SIXTY MINUTES. Okay. What weekly um magazine do you look at. Is it. <SEP> I like U S NEWS and WORLD REPORT. At one time or another I've taken them all for a year. Uh-huh. I believe in giving anything a chance. Sure. <SEP> Uh but I keep coming back to that one. So I that's kind of my favorite. Does that give a pretty good overview of everything. Or like does it give um I guess little encapsulated reports and and then a few big stories? It's primarily um a few big stories and then lots of high-level reports. Yeah. <SEP> Uh here's what went on in Asia over the past week. And there's maybe a page of that little brief paragraphs unless that was one of their the focus of their main stories. That sounds good if you were short on time you could get a summary real quick. Uh it too is one those. In the interest of efficiency we all have to find ways. And I do most of my reading in the bathroom. Right. <SEP> Um and it's one of those that I can ei- read either an article or a couple of pages of those brief excerpts in the time frame that I'm going to spend in there. Right. And it just seems to fit nicely so that I can get it read in about three days. Well we're working on a NEWSWEEK uh. For the last couple of months we got you know an introductory subscription. So we decided to try it because prior to that all we got were things like GLAMOUR or SPORTS ILLUSTRATED. So we decided to try to bring one in that was a little bit better for us so to speak. <SEP> Well to broaden your horizons make you think about different things anyway. It can't hurt. Well anytime that we stop and think it can't hurt. No. I I even I enjoy reading T NEWS. I try to catch it because it's another example. They just they just show you the words and the facts. And they they don't offer any commentary. And it gives me a quick chance to to be caught up during the day. Because you know we don't listen to the radio at work at all. So I don't like to go the whole day without hearing anything. <SEP> Oh I'm with you. I have to check T NEWS every every day. It's my noontime dose of facts. Yeah. And the other thing we have that I like to check sometimes is um TALKING FINGERS. Do you have that? No. You have different telephone numbers that you can dial. And then you dial in an access code. And it will depending on what topic you called in to hear about whether it was the news or the weather or a soap opera update it will give you um updated information. So that can give you you know current news updates current weather updates things like that. And it's it's offered through the local phone company free of charge. So that's an interesting alternative occasionally that I like to use. <SEP> Huh. Well it does sound very interesting. It It really is yeah it really is nice I mean because it gives you a wide variety of things you can call and talk and find out about. <SEP> Maybe our phone company out here will get around to offering something like that. So that is something you might keep your eyes open for. I think it's it's catching on throughout the country.
sw3393.txt:Okay. So what do you guys having up there? I haven't been up there since oh Lord forty-eight I guess. Forty-eight. That's a long time. Uh. <SEP> Well no. It wasn't forty-eight. It was it was uh let's see yeah it was forty-eight. I was in the Air Force. Uh-huh. We did an air show out at uh out at uh Boone Greene no out at uh Andrews. Andrews? <SEP> Yeah. So what's it been like up there? Well for the past week or two it's been cold and wet. Uh-huh. But before that for most of the year it's been hot and dry. <SEP> Yeah. Uh like September was hot and dry. October. Um September really was. I'm not sure about October. I think for about twelve months through September the the average temperature has been higher than normal each month. Um lots of ninety degree days during the summer. Really? <SEP> Huh. It really has been strange here this year. I mean this whole ye- course this whole year has been a different year in more ways than one. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh we had uh you know all these we have all these uh. Somebody said you know you're either a stranger or a fool to try to predict Texas weather. But. Well always they were saying it was going to be the hottest summer ever. Uh-huh. And we had all this rain. And it really is not a bad summer at all really cool. But all of a sudden in in uh in October uh September October it got real hot and dry and just stayed that way for a long time. And uh then the end of October it started rain almost a week without stopping just pouring down you know. There were flash floods everywhere that kind of deal. And then uh into of November the first like the second week uh you know the first week actually we had we had a freeze. Uh-huh. <SEP> And the average you know the average uh first frost is like the fifteenth of November here. Oh if you had it early. But usually it's not until later. It's really strange. Yeah. I think we usually have a frost in October. <SEP> Yeah. Uh but you know. We really need the rain that we've been getting. And it has not today. But the last few days it's been been pouring most of the day. Is it is it is it flooding anywhere? Flooding anywhere. I have not heard of it any problems of it flooding anywhere. I mean that's occurred certainly at times in the past. But uh no. I've not heard of any particular problems this time. <SEP> It's just kind of uh clou-. We're supposed to have a chance to get some rain the next couple of days here uh which will be you know a little bit more typical uh autumn weather. But really it's strange. We haven't really had an autumn. It's like we went into winter. Yes. You know the poor trees said what. Yes. Yeah. We had summer lasting long. And then it then it then it became winter like uh today it's today it's sort of change to warmer to sort of more typical autumn day. <SEP> Yeah. Uh it's. Yeah. There you you know. Usually there's uh. I have a farm a hundred miles east of here in East Texas. And you know all these huge trees just like the eastern hard wood belt all the way up to Maine you know. It's that same trees pines and and hard woods you know hickories and oaks and stuff. Yeah. <SEP> And uh I was up there last weekend. And there are trees that that still have their leaves on. And they're green. But they're dead. You know the the freeze just got them. They they weren't ready for it at all apparently. And and we haven't had a typical fall at all. Not much color you know changes have occurred at all. Really weird this year. I'm not sure what that what that means. I don't know. Yeah. Our leaves are are all on on the ground now. I think it was an especially good winter for fall colors. <SEP> So you you all actually had some color huh? Oh yeah. Yeah. It kind of crept in. And. Yeah. We we did for a time. <SEP> Yeah. It's usually beautiful up there isn't it? Uh-huh. Gorgeous. That's you know. I think you could drive along in Maryland and look at the sweet gum trees on each side and the and the pines and what not. And you could you know you could be driving along in East Texas and looks just the same. It's almost you know identical kind of country. Uh-huh. <SEP> Beautiful. Been that this year for the trees for the leaves. Yeah. <SEP> Oh. Yeah. I was up I was up there cutting some firewood this weekend. So. Um. <SEP> Little little oak tree that was dead and cut it up and split it. Yeah. That's because it it can't tolerate a freeze this early. Is that right? Well. If it would came later it would be all right? <SEP> Uh it there's some trees. Like the oaks like the white oaks seem to be pretty hardy. There's. Nothing bothers them. Their leaves are still green. And some of the other oaks. There are a few oaks that have lost their leaves. Um what I notice mostly is the red maples that the leaves are just dead the dogwoods still look still look you know they got uh bit on the ends of the leaves a little bit. But they still look pretty good. Um. It just depends on the on the uh on the tree.
sw3133.txt:Okay. Um well I guess first of all I I could have asked that before. <SEP> Do you have children? No. No. Okay. Because I I didn't know if that would make a difference in how you felt. Yeah. <SEP> Um what do you think about the proposal that all young Americans should spend a year or two. I think it's a good idea. I think everybody should should uh put in their time so to speak for the for the good of the the nation and for the good of themselves. Yeah. I think it's uh. Would every- everyone grow up and mature and and realize what this country's all about. <SEP> I just um. I guess that's my that's something that my family has always believed strongly in. And uh I had opportunities in high school to work in some programs um. Did you? Oh !. <SEP> And and I agree with what you said that it's uh it benefits the person doing it so much I don't think they realize. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I uh I I think it gives you a better perspective on life. And uh it gives you a little bit uh more a glimpse of the the real world. And and it would certainly help the country too uh. Yeah. <SEP> Really. Yeah. I think that's probably like uh quite a few things that that the kids uh maybe not so much nowadays but used to go through you know. Yeah. They just they were they did things for people you know for their communities for their their uh families for their friends where now I'm not sure they really do. <SEP> Yes. Yeah. Well I think sometimes through groups and organizations um. My first when I first thought of it I thought it uh when they asked the question I thought well that sounds wonderful. And then I wondered if people were unwilling. But but I think even if you went in with a negative attitude I don't think it would stay negative very long. Um but I do know through some organized groups like Scouts and church um they do still have opportunities. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. That's probably true. You know. <SEP> But I I think that's a small uh number could. But even even through those groups do you think that they participate as much as maybe they used to? No. Um not since um not as much as I remember growing up. And that was something uh I think in the fifties and sixties um seemed more common in the last two decades. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I think that's probably true. But. I think it's probably more true still in the in the smaller communities then in the larger cities. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Where uh where abouts do you live? What part of the country? Well I live in Richardson right now. Which is just. <SEP> Oh okay. We're in Plano. So we're not far apart. Right. Yeah. Okay. One of the calls I'd gotten before was uh down to Austin. And and I know a friend of mine talked to someone in the midwest. So I know there is the possibility that it could be out of the area. Yeah. <SEP> Gosh. I hadn't even thought about it being out of the area. But you're right. Yeah. I grew up in a real small town in Florida. Oh. I mean a real small town. And uh I think it was just. Of course it was back in the in the fifties. And I think it was real prevalent back then. I I think people thought more of others than they do now. You know as far as doing things for them and and then gaining benefits from it. <SEP> Yeah. Well. And maybe uh maybe this would be a way to get that feeling back. Um if we've lost some of that. And it it seems in the last decade or two um that's true. Maybe that's a way. If if young people had to do it um maybe that would start the trend back because that's one of the things I always thought was a wonderful part of our country. Um is helping others. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I do to. I do to. I'm not sure that that today's kids would go for it though. I think you would have to start younger. <SEP> Yeah. I I don't know how young you'd have to go. But I think by the time they're oh early teenagers anyway I think it's too late now. At least around here. Yeah. I think uh I think it does help um even preschoolers you know. They're um things even just starting around the home. You know. Right. <SEP> Little ones can do a little bit to help the family. Uh-huh. And and just watching the parents do things too um it can start a pattern. There's always something no matter how young. And then that helps develop that attitude. Um I guess I would really like to see this happen with families more. You know I think this is certainly a possible way um to handle it. But I wish. That's something that I think that has been lost in families. And I think that's a good place to start again. Yeah. I think it has to start in the families first because if you don't do it for for your own immediate family you're sure not going to do it for anybody else. <SEP> Yeah. And I do think um the schools. If you're trying to do something even with food drives. And uh sometimes what Richardson and Plano both. I mean when you live in areas like that where there's so much they don't realize what a small percentage of the world that is. Uh-huh. I mean that's uh. Gosh I'm sure not even one percent of the world is as fortunate as these areas. And uh it's. That's probably true. That's probably true. <SEP> I know our church youth group uh starts with projects young. But they have a high school group that works in the Appalachia area every year. Uh-huh. They've done this for fourteen years now. Oh that's great. <SEP> Um and it is it's uh. And they've also see that there's there's a different way of life and those families are really close. Some of the things that we talked about that were common in the fifties are still there. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh it really. Every youth that's ever gone really has felt that their life has been changed. And it's changed their perspective. And and that's just the t- two weeks during during the summer. Uh-huh. So if two weeks uh could have that kind of effect I would think uh. Well that's that's great. <SEP> I'm glad that there are still some areas that that get the youth involved in that sort of thing. Well that's. Like I said I think it does. E- even a small amount of exposure can make a vast difference in their attitudes. <SEP> Yes. Well. Well I guess um. Did you have anything else? No. No. I guess that's about all. <SEP> Okay. Okay. Well I enjoyed talking with you. Well good talking with you. <SEP> And I hope you have a good evening. You too. Thanks. Okay. <SEP> Bye. Bye. Bye.
sw2405.txt:Hi. How are you today? I'm great. Good. Well as a matter of fact I'm before we started this conversation I was working on my P C at home. <SEP> Yeah. Do you have one? No. I don't have one at home. I work with one on at work continually you know. Yeah. <SEP> But I do not have one of my own at home. Do you have. What do you have at home? We have an um. Actually it's a T I computer. But it is the I B M um clone. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's not the T I P C from back when. Right. <SEP> From the oldies but the goodies. Right. It's probably pretty close to what I have because I have the same kind of thing at work. I have a three eighty-six S X which is T I computer. But everything in is in I B M mode. So. Yeah. That's what we have. Um. <SEP> Do you use it a lot at home? Well I really do. I um am an accountant. And but I work at home. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So you're on it a lot. So I use it for that quite often. Uh-huh. We have you know used some of it for some personal things. We keep track of personal budgets and things like that on it. I. Since it's tax season I'm doing a lot of taxes. So I do a lot of um a lot of that work on it as well. <SEP> I was amazed when I took our taxes to our tax person. And she works out of her home also. Uh-huh. And the uh software that does the taxes is just incredible. Oh it is. <SEP> You know I mean she just you know. I expected to go and you know drop the stuff off and go back two weeks later. And you know she had it done and out in twenty minutes on her little P C. Yeah. You can. It was great. Yes. You can. That's right. <SEP> That's wonderful. I have often thought that that having one at home would be neat. I just don't know if we would really use it that much. You know. We really. We deci- we didn't decide to get one until I started working at home. Uh-huh. Then you know then we thought well we can use it for you know some personal things. We di-. For us it really took you know a business application to justify the expense of it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh definitely. Definitely. I know my stepfather bought my mother a little personal computer oh I guess probably three years ago for Christmas. And you know it's got some stuff on it. It's got a nice little word processing software on it you know and some budgeting type things and stuff. And I don't think she's ever touched it you know. Really. <SEP> It just it just seems like a lot of trouble for something at home. You know she always seems to have better things to do than to try to sit down and figure out how to use her computer you know. So. Right. She could just as easily do those things by hand. Yeah. Just as quickly. Yeah. <SEP> Now I know my boss has bought the software um that he can that his checkbook is on on on a disk. Uh-huh. And he goes in and prin- and types his checks on the screen and then hits print. And they print out on the checks. And he's ordered envelopes with the windows in the right places you know. Oh my gosh. <SEP> And he just whips out you know. I saw him yesterday morning over there. And and he paid his monthly bills. And he just you know wrote all the checks on the screen and hit print. And it printed out like ten checks. And he just you know. They're perforated. And he just ripped them off. They go through just a continuous thing on the printer. Right. And he ripped them off and stuck them in the envelopes. And there they went. You know and he said you know I can balance my checkbook in seconds you know because it's all in the computer you know. Right. <SEP> So. And you know there's not going to be those adding mistakes that we all make. That's exactly why. He said you know he said used to be I always sat looking for those you know. He said this way there isn't any. You know it does it for you. So. This you know. There are some definitely some some advantages to it. It's just a matter of like you say are the advantages does it justify the cost if you're using it strictly for personal business. So. Right. I I think in most cases I'd have to say no. Not unless somebody really enjoys it. Or perhaps is using it for education. <SEP> Right. I have a four year old son. And we have some education programs that he likes. A little Sesame Street one. Yeah. Yeah. And we have another one that plays music. And he really likes that one. <SEP> As he grows up he'll be even more and more too. That's right. That'll be great. And yeah. On. Now I think about it. I guess for for kids like as they get older. Especially now when they get to junior high school high school and even college. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean my sister went to college started about three years ago. And she had to have a a computer. Really. I mean it was like a necessity. <SEP> Well yeah. I. She couldn't imagine going through college without a computer. Well I'm going through right now. I'm you know going part time in the evenings. And you know I do. Yeah. Everything has to be typed. I mean they require it. You have to type it you know. Right. <SEP> And and so I'm up here you know nights and weekends you know working on the little p- on the P C up here you know typing stuff. So I can see where it would be a great advantage to have one at home you know if you were going to school. Yeah. Any more I don't even know if they have if a college kid would have a typewriter. Well you. I don't know. Probably not even. No. <SEP> No. No. And they probably used to have it. I just finished a a major research paper a couple of weeks ago. And I couldn't imagine not having that thing on a disk where I could go back in and move stuff around and change it. Uh-huh. I I don't know what they used to do before they. Well unfortunately in our family my husband and I went through college together. And then he went on and got his Master's degree while I was working. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I'm the better typist of us. Uh-huh. And we just had a regular old typewriter not even a correcting one back then. <SEP> Oh and you had to type all of his papers. It wasn't that long ago. But I typed his Master's papers and things on a typewriter. <SEP> Oh gosh. Oh boy to have a computer back then. Oh cut your time in half at least. At least. <SEP> At least. I mean. And then of course you have some changes to make and do the whole thing over. You take out a sentence. On a computer you take it out bleep print it out fine. Uh-huh. Take out a sentence on a piece of paper. <SEP> You do the whole thing over. Right. That's right. You know I remember when I was working in high school you know I was working in an office right after I got out of high school. I continued working there for probably another year. And we did everything on a typewriter everything. Oh yeah. <SEP> But it's amazing you know. Then when where you know someone would have you type a letter they did it right they did it right. I mean they were. The first time. Yeah. They sit there. And they go is this really what I want to say. And you typed it. And that was it. And now you know people just send it back over and over and over and over. That's probably one of the problems and frustrations that it's brought about because people do feel like Oh well we can just change it. <SEP> Well we'll try this out and see what it looks like. Yeah. Yeah. Use it as a just a. Yeah. Instead of knowing what they want to say before they eve- they just you know play with it and which in a way is nice to be able to do. Right. <SEP> But you know it it gets a little out of hand sometimes. I've seen it get out of hand up here you know where we've got a secretary that sits over here that's keeping metrics right now and keeping up you know of all the letters I type how many cha- how many of them do I make changes on. And on each letter what types of changes. Oh yeah. Are they typos? Are they because I couldn't read it. Or people just change a like one word because they think it sounds better or whatever. And you know she's also keeping a percentage you know what percentage of letters am I retyping for whatever reason. Uh-huh. <SEP> And there's like one week she did retypes on ninety percent of what she typed you know. I believe it. And it's like you know it's ridiculous. And that was that was the high week. But it's running about seventy which is still ridiculous to have to make changes to seventy percent of everything that she types. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well it's good that she does that I mean bring it to people's attention. Well that's exactly right. You know she keeps you know keeps several weeks' worth of data and then in addition is keeping copies of all the changes to show you know look this didn't really need to be changed. You know this is ridiculous and you know changing add this time to now. <SEP> You know I mean that's the kind of things you know that she's keeping and showing that this was a big waste of time it was a waste of paper it was a waste you know to change something like that. Right. So. Anyway maybe you know maybe it'll it'll help in some way. But I don't know. There there definitely even with the few disadvantages like that are far better than the alternative. Oh I have to. <SEP> Without a doubt. Without a doubt. Well I would like to get one at home some day. We've got a two year old son. And so you know some day I would like to get even just like the video tell or something like that you know just to to be able to pull in sources from outside would be wonderful. You know so. Especially when they're in school I think they would get a lot out of it. Oh I do too. I do too. The on line encyclopedia just sounds wonderful. You know that sounds like such a great idea. You know it'd be kind of fun to be able to play with it. So. I know my father had a P C. And when we were in high school it was always fun. We could um link in. And I don't even remember now what it was called. But you could link in and talk to other peo- talk to people all over the country you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> And like you have your own little code name you know. And you'd type in du du du Hi how are you du du du. And they'd type back and everybody. And you'd have five or six or seven people talking to each other at the same time. And everything everybody said prints out on your screen as they're typing it. And it was just great fun you know. It was very expensive because the whole time you were on there you were on long distance you know. It was like a long distance phone call. Ooh. So we were each limited to like twenty minutes a day you know. So. Ooh. That still could add up. <SEP> Oh it added up big. Well you know we my parents were divorced. And so the time we were like visiting our father in the summer time you know. So he felt like he could splurge and let us do it. Yeah. I'm sure we would not have been allowed to do that under normal situations you know. But when you're doing the guilty father complex you know because he's not there to watch us grow you can kind of get all kinds of stuff. <SEP> That's sad. Well it was nice to talk to you. Yeah. You too. <SEP> Have a. Have a nice day. You too. Bye-bye. <SEP> Bye.
sw2866.txt:H-. Well Myrna how do you get your news news? Uh most of it is from the radio uh and also from the news programs that we watch in the afternoon. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. We usually watch the local news and the the uh national news both. Uh-huh. Yeah. I'm pretty much the same. I uh I find that uh. I'm a graduate student. And I I read a lot for school. And I find I have no patience to really read a newspaper because I just I'm reading so much all the time. And I really enjoy just sitting down and watching a news broadcast. <SEP> Well you can always get up and leave that. Uh-huh. Tha- tha- yeah that's true. Uh I d- I just don't seem to have time to sit down and read the paper. Either. By the time I get home from work it's already you know time for the news to come on. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's right. Yeah. So it's so much easier to sit there. And besides I can be doing other things and still listen to the news. Yeah. That's right. I I agree. That's. A lot of times I eat while I'm uh watching the news. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. The same thing. Is there any uh. What did you think about the coverage like over in the uh Persian Gulf? I think they did a great job. Yeah. I thought so too. It was it you know. For a while when we were really interested uh we saw it all the time. Some of the stations I guess carried it for twenty-four hours for a couple of days there. And then you know the special reports and the extended news coverage I thought was really good. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. And you could always find some channel that had something on. But you didn't necessarily have to watch the same thing all the time. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Just news. That's right. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I noticed that one thing that that T I did you know they had uh uh they used to have well they do have television monitors stationed throughout our buildings. Uh-huh. And they used to have a program called T News and just updates of of different things that were going on within T I. Well when all the the mess with uh uh in the Persian Gulf came about they started carrying C N N. Oh yeah. <SEP> Well now they have had so much good response from this that T I now has C N N on all the time. Uh-huh. Huh well that's great. <SEP> So we can always run upstairs and you know ca- get a quickie update on what's going on if we really want to. Uh-huh. Yeah. Or if yo- you have a break in the middle of the day you take a coffee break you can always stay informed. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's really good. That's um I've found that when I I don't have cable television anymore uh when I moved went back to graduate school I just didn't have the money to buy ge- rent a cable T V line or whatever you know. So I don't get C N N uh which was a big disappointment. I used to watch. That was my. If I wasn't home. I'm a college teacher. And sometimes I teach in the evening. So I'll miss the evening news. And uh you could always catch a good news program at eight o'clock or nine o'clock on C N N. I think that's that really has changed the way uh I look at the news. Yes. <SEP> Yeah. We don't get it either. We live out in the country. Uh-huh. And we just don't have it available out there where we are. But when we did have it uh we that's what we usually watched was C N N. Uh-huh. <SEP> And sometimes we'd watch the weather stations. Yeah. That's uh same. Yeah. That's. When I had it I I watched it you know religiously for half an hour. And then you could go on you know to do what else you wanted to do. Yeah. Yeah. I find I I read very little. I don't even get a regular newspaper and uh because uh I I don't drive that much. I only live about a mile from where I go to school and work. I uh I find I spend so little time in the ra- in the car that I don't really listen to the radio you know. I don't. So. So television is my main new source. <SEP> Oh I get that too because I I'm in a van pool. Uh-huh. And I'm in the van you know uh two hours a day. An. Oh really. To commute to work? <SEP> Yes. Yes. Oh. And in the in the morning I try to sleep because it's it's dark thirty. <SEP> But in but in the afternoon uh I try to read. So I can can uh not pay attention to what our driver is doing. Yeah. I can. The van pools I know that. And I'm in the Baltimore Washington area. And I know they do van pool a lot here from some of the outer areas. But if you want a nicer home you know beyond the suburbs you know. I. That's necessary. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Are are you in Baltimore itself? I am I am right outside Baltimore. I am less than a mile from the Baltimore line. Um. And I go to a br- a campus of the University of Maryland that is just less than a mile from my house. So I I'm actually in Baltimore. Yeah. You could say I'm in Baltimore. <SEP> Yeah. I have two kids over there. Oh really. In Baltimore? U- well no. In in D C area. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. One works for the State Department. And uh uh the other one is uh uh her husband is in the m- Navy. And he's stationed at Bethesda. An. Uh-huh. Oh that's that's that's a really nice area Bethesda area. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. It's um it's funny. There's a big difference between Baltimore and Washington even though they're so close. There's only an hour less than that between the two. But there is a big difference in things like property values. And um the closer you get to Washingt- D C the more expensive it is. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um the the uh different slant. Washington it really is a uh uh an international city where Baltimore is hometown Baltimore. You know it there's really uh. Most people have relocated to the Washington area you know. Oh no. I'd I'd rather have Baltimore with the home town atmosphere. Yeah. That's. I I like it I like it a little bit better too. It's interesting though um to meet different populations. I I'm just now being uh from Pittsburgh originally. I'm just now meeting different populations like Chinese students and things. And I find that really interesting you know to imagine. Here is somebody that was in China le- two years ago when all that was going on in in uh Beijing. You know that that's an interesting uh interesting perspective. But I I really. Much much like the hometown area. Yeah. And I think that also goes. It's funny. You you can watch different news. I can watch Washington news or Baltimore news. And I really do watch Baltimore news. You know that really makes. I don't really bother with the Washington station because I just it's so far removed from what I'm interested in. <SEP> Well most of what they're talking about in Washington is is the crime problems that they're having there. Uh-huh. Yeah. They in fact they just it was just a big thing recently. They've had some terrible problems with Hispanics. Um they had to impose a curfew that uh in two of the areas in uh in the Washington suburbs. The mayor. They've gotten rid of that really bad mayor and then uh brought in. Uh-huh. I heard about that. Yeah. And then came a woman that's um. She's big in the Democratic party. So that's good. So she has good national ties. But she also was um something like a t- uh state auditor or something like that before this position. She was a state auditor. I guess she was an auditor general or something like that for the District of Columbia at Washington. And then she left that to get a position with the Democratic party. And now she ran for mayor. So she's uh fiscally she's pretty tight and uh she's cleaning house. An and it looks like hopefully she'll do a nice job uh for Washington you know which is. You sort of feel sorry for a lot of the people there. You know from what I pick up on the news uh it's a difficult process you know to get rid of a a bad mayor. <SEP> Yeah. Well I know both of my kids didn't want to live anywhere around the the downtown areas. Right. They both moved way out. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> I think one of them lives in Germantown. And I can't remember where the other one lives. Yeah. But those are ni- Germantown is a nice area. Uh-huh. Yeah. It's a nice area. <SEP> It's means they have to drive a little bit. But. Yeah. Well they might be car pooling too. Do they car pool in? Are they driven by themselves. Uh well now I I think he carpools. Uh-huh. <SEP> Because he's got fairly regular hours since he came back. But uh now my daughter ha- they have probably been carpooling together in fact. Because she had been called back up active duty. Uh-huh. Yeah. And then she was supposed to have gotten out of active duty as of last Friday. So I haven't talked to them this weekend. I don't know what the situation is. But she was. Uh-huh. They didn't call you for Mother's Day? <SEP> We were gone. You weren't home? Uh d-. No. We weren't home. But she had she had le- called and left a message on our recorder. But I had that from all my kids except for one. Yeah. Oh that's good. <SEP> So. Well I guess we should stop now. Well I thank you for calling. I have enjoyed it. Uh-huh. Oh good. <SEP> I really do like this program because I get to talk to people from all over the United States. Yeah. Uh uh so do I. I've become very aware of different political views because some of the things we have to discuss are very politically motivated or whatever. I I really enjoyed it. It's it's so funny when you live in one part of the country you only see that perspective. It's interesting to see the the wider world. So I enjoy it. Hey thanks a lot and and bye. Thank you. Bye bye.
sw2139.txt:Okay. Where to start. <SEP> Well I think uh. I haven't had that much of course. I just heard. But I haven't had that much time to think about it either. I guess the uh biggest thing I f- find is the financial aspects uh particularly the ability of people to access you know your financial records or for example your credit uh rating almost at will. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's true. I didn't think about that. And uh of course flying uh. Using your Social Security number of course permits people to do that. Uh-huh. <SEP> And almost anything you do now a Social Security number is required. Uh-huh. And uh of course there's another aspect of this too uh in terms of invasion of privacy. I just thought about it. Being a professional and of course you probably belong to one or more professional organizations. And that is that. Some of the organizations sell their mailing lists which I think is a is an invasion of privacy. Uh-huh. <SEP> I agree. Yes. I get some of these things in the mail that I wonder where in the world did they get my address or where did they get my name. <SEP> Uh-huh. And in fact some of these things I get some of these questionnaires. It's funny because I'm I was in the process of filling one out when I decided I would make this phone call. But uh I haven't got to the end of it yet where it asks all that salary information and everything. But when you have to send that back in the mail with your name on it your salary information I I just have a real hard time doing that uh. And they ask you what type of household items do you own like stereos and T V -s and V C R -s. And and you hate to send something off with your name and address. And what types of things do you own. And what kind of money do you make. And you wonder well who's going to get ahold of this and think um that's a nice place to go rob. And not only that it it opens you to phone solicitations. Right. <SEP> And I I've noticed more and more I would say over the last six months. Uh-huh. I am getting more at home phone solicitations for a variety of things from. Uh-huh. <SEP> I got one tonight about six thirty when I sat down to eat dinner. Carpet cleaning. I've had them for carpet cleaning. I've had them for of course for you know real estate investments. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know you get uh please send in your uh you know this particular card and you get uh a free trip or something along those lines. Right. And so that uh that bothers me because I of course I enjoy being at home and I do not enjoy getting called by strangers uh particularly solicit- you know soliciting. Uh-huh. <SEP> So g- having your. And I know that a lot of these of course are random phone calls. Uh-huh. They just you know start going through the phone book or going through a series of numbers. But some of them are sold. And I know you. Talking about mailing lists the. I. There is one particular group to which I belong. And for some. The reason they have three different names for me. Um. <SEP> Now the address is the same you know my my office address. Uh-huh. But they have one under you know my first name James. They have one under my first name and initial middle initial. Uh-huh. <SEP> Then they have a a third one under my just my two initials. Uh-huh. And and I get mail here at home under each of those names. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh no. So I know that they have sold their mailing list. Right. <SEP> And uh I think those two things bother me more than anything else as far as an invasion of privacy. Yeah. And uh I can't really think of anything else offhand that uh. I think I dislike the phone number part the worst. I mean it's it's one thing to get junk mail because you can you can just put it right in the trash. But it's the phone calls. And you know usually when they call you it's going to be when you s- right when you sit down to dinner because they know they pretty much know that you're at work all day. And they call you right when when you've just gotten home from work. The last thing you want is a phone call unless it's you know something halfway enjoyable. But if it's a salesperson it's just something you don't want to have to mess with. And and I've gotten a lot of them lately. Or I'll. Sometimes I come home from work. And there's a lot of hang ups on my answering machine. And I'm just assuming it's probably a salesman that called during the day. And I wasn't home. And they'll probably call me up and you know call me back and bother me when I sit down to dinner later on. But I find that very annoying. The uh mail stuff. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah you know. It's kind of irritating. But it's not nearly as obnoxious as the phone calls. I think I think you mentioning the phone calls during dinner. <SEP> I know when I sit down with the family and want to have the opportunity you know to talk and see what's going on and all those things. Uh-huh. Even if friends call it irritates me. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. So I try to. I actually during that period of time from you know usually from six o'clock or six thirty whenever I get home until eight or so I will shut off the phone. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh my daughter gets irate when I when I do that because you know she's a teenager. Uh-huh. Uh oh. <SEP> So she'll you know. Why are you cutting off the phone I might get an important phone call. But So tho- I guess those three things are the uh uh most irritating to me. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. I agree with the phone too in that I'm single. But when I come home from work there's times I need to pay bills. I need to balance my checking account. I need to do all kinds of different things like that. And even though it's friends calling sometimes you just feel like this is my quiet time. I need to get things done. And the phone ringing bothers me. But that's that's where answering machines are nice because if it's really important they'll leave a message. And I can call them back. That's right. But uh at work I have so many phone calls from customers calling in. Sometimes it is just I just want to get away from the phone ringing because it it really does annoy me. And uh if I've had a lot of phone calls during the day when occasionally when we have uh. Like this past week. We have to do a lot of troubleshooting when the programmers have installed a new system. And uh phone rings like crazy. And you come home. And the last thing you want to do is have to answer the phone. And if it's some salesman that just makes it even that much worse. And uh it just. I get to where I I turn the answering machine on and just let it pick up the phone. But now with this thing I'm participating in I kind of have to answer it because you never know if it's the switchboard or if it's uh you know somebody calling that you really don't want to talk on the phone. <SEP> Well I have now we have a you know voice mail system at uh at the office. Uh-huh. Now what I have done is I have forwarded my home phone to the answering service at the office so that I do not have to have a uh a ring at all. If I if I want to do that. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. A ring at all. <SEP> Oh huh. That's an idea. Right. <SEP> And uh or I will just let the phone ring three or four times and know that it will forward to uh to the office. Uh-huh. And so it's you know it makes it convenient. But at the office when I you know. We can uh on our system and I imagine on most systems you can just route it directly to the answering service. Yeah. Ours is that way too. <SEP> And when I when I want to be you know not bothered during the day that's exactly what I do. Uh-huh. And so uh. Well yours is probably the same as ours. It's uh Tigon. Isn't Tigon uh part of G T E or vice versa or something like that. <SEP> Uh. Seems I read. Yeah. Well Tigon is part of G T E. Okay. <SEP> Okay. That's it. That G T E had purchased Tigon. And. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's what we have. <SEP> Except we call it Aspen. Aspen? Yes. Huh. <SEP> And uh we. I couldn't remember in Tigon had purchased G T E -s phone mail services or if G T E had purchased Tigon. I knew there was some type of a tie in there. I remember reading in the paper a few months back. But. Yeah. G T E purchased Tigon. Okay. <SEP> And so we had had been using a the Aspen service before they purchased Tigon. Uh-huh. So I imagine we will be uh shifting over to that service uh for a while or if in a while. As soon as we determine what we're going to do with Contel after we bought Contel. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh no. <SEP> Yeah. Oh Dana I think we have probably conversed long enough. I think we did. Well. That's good. <SEP> All right. I didn't think we could go too far on this privacy thing. But uh I guess it's close enough. <SEP> All right. Well thank you for calling. I ha- I I enjoyed talking to you. Sure good talking to you Jim. All right. Bye-bye. <SEP> Take care.
sw3449.txt:Yes. I haven't uh talked to anybody outside the Metroplex. So I didn't even think of saying Arlington Texas. <SEP> This is a real first. Yes. Are you at work? Yes. I am. <SEP> I I I've been trying to get people at five thirty and six thirty in the evening. And I thought well I'm not having any luck. I'll try the middle of the afternoon. Well I'm I'm happy we got through. I am too. Well do you have any uh opinion on the subject? Well I'm I'm especially interested with what what's happening in the Soviet Union uh. The the move to uh the the the Ukraine's vote to uh basically to secede and set itself up independently uh is quite a remarkable counts. <SEP> Democracy. Oh. Is that is that reported in the Texas papers? <SEP> Oh sure. We uh we hear a little of the news. Uh. Yeah. I have heard about that the last couple of days. How how big is the Ukraine the area. Do you know? Uh as an area it's not. Or a population or anything. I'm really uninformed. I I'm afraid I don't have the statistics in front of me. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's a it's not a tiny area. Uh. If I was looking at a U S map I would say it was sort of reminds me of of a uh. It's not as big as California proportionately. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But but but it's it's more significant in the sense of it's a great agricultural region. <SEP> Oh I see. Oh I I didn't really know that. I know a lot of their oh their countries that they had overtaken or wanted to be independent or several of them right. Yeah. And uh what about Astonia. Are they. They're completely out now. <SEP> Right. I thought they were. Yes. The three the three Baltic uh republics got out as quickly as they could. But but the the Ukraine is especially significant because it of the agriculture? Right. It's it's very important for the economics of the whole of the Soviet Union. <SEP> Uh so there were probably really fight to keep it in if they could. Right uh. Except they can't fight. No. They don't. It's done democratically uh. <SEP> And Bush has already given his opinion on it right? Yes. Didn't I read that? Yes. <SEP> So now uh not that they may that may matter. I don't know anymore. I uh fear for the Russians from what I read you know. I wonder how they're going to get through the winter. Food wise or any wise. Uh. Sounds to me like they'll start rioting soon or not that that would do any good. But I guess people do that when they're desperate. That that's true uh hasn't happened here for a while. But it uh. <SEP> Well that's true. Since the Depression. I guess when the veterans went to Washington. Uh-huh. And well you know the war riots of course. Let's just hope we don't get to that point. <SEP> Things are not so good in Texas job wise. No. I've I've heard they're I hear you have some problems. Well we do. We have lots and lots of uh layoffs here. Lot of companies folding lot of layoffs. And it's pretty scary. Do do you do you blame the the government in Washington for this? <SEP> Well I don't understand economics that well. I don't know. I I know that we have a terrible situation with foreign trade and that other countries put a lot of restrictions that we don't. Yeah. And so I assume that that has some effect. Or a great effect. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I do uh I mean they said during the way Reagan-Bush years the rich got richer. The poor got poorer. The statistics prove that. So uh I I guess. So then you think it's it's you think it's Reagan and Bush have done this. Or is it just coincidence it was during this period? <SEP> Well I really don't know. I think maybe they uh maybe they contributed to it. Maybe they should pay more attention to these trade or you know to the more equalization of the trade. Uh-huh. Of course if somebody in in China can make something for ten cents and we have to make it for ten dollars because we have unions well I don't know what's going to happen then. Oh the Chinese use slave labor too. <SEP> Right. That's that's one of the ways they get away with it. And child labor. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Well I don't know. What do you think has caused our horrible situation? Uh I don't think there's any one simple answer to the whole thing. One thing. I mean it's that's very complicated. <SEP> Right. Well they say too that having a democratic congress and republican President is not good. I mean I've read that is a theory. So which one are we going to throw out? Well I hate to say it. But I I'm tending to go straight back into my original democratic party. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh. Texas Texas used to be a democratic state didn't it? Oh I know. It used to. Right. Well you don't want too many democrats anymore. And for a while I kind of deserted the party. But now it's looking better to me. I like your governor. <SEP> Oh do you? Oh I'm glad to hear that. She's an impressive woman. Well I think so too. I I just admire her a lot. Yeah. <SEP> And uh I ho- I really hope she does well. But she's uh n- you know probably more popular out of the state than she is here although she did manage to win. Right. But look who she was running against you know. Well yeah. Anybody could beat Claytie in Texas. <SEP> He shot himself in the foot so many times. How did you get on this T I thing? Oh I I know some of the people.
sw3219.txt:Okay. Why don't you start. So you probably have a job you need to get to pretty soon. I'm already on my job. Oh you are. <SEP> So you you reached me at my job. Oh wonderful. Well how do you dress for work? My my dress for work uh most of the time is uh rather comfortable and casual uh usually uh slacks and a soft colored shirt. Uh-huh. <SEP> The um thing that that distinguishes me a lot of the time when I have to dress real professionally for a meeting or something is I wear a clerical collar and a suit and uh all of that sort of thing. Uh-huh. But when I don't need to dress up for a a meeting or a service of some sort I don't. Uh-huh. <SEP> So you're in a church there? Yes. Uh-huh. Well I'm working this is my first morning to work down at our little church preschool. And they've told me to wear just something terribly comfortable because these are two year olds. And they have a lot of uh they have BIBLE lessons. And they have all the things during the morning. But they still have snack time and play time. So I'm going to be dressing just in casual slacks and T-shirts probably not blue jeans but little bit short of that just just tennis shoes and play clothes. <SEP> Well around there you can probably wear uh T-shirts and other things. But around here at this time of the year we are into sweaters and uh coats. Yeah. I'm envious. <SEP> Well it's a beautiful day here. And it's in the sixties. But we still have a lot of hot afternoons. It's supposed to be eighty-five today. So you'll still see people. It it's kind of an in between change that they're in their play clothes I mean they're in their summer clothes during the afternoons because you just can't stand the sweaters. But in the mornings people are dressing for work in their sweaters because they just want it to be fall so badly. Today today we we wear coats. And as the day uh warms up we may go to light jackets. Did you? <SEP> But I don't think there's an escape from light jackets. I understand. The wind will take away a lot of body heat. Well so are the people around you um dressing similar to you? <SEP> Very similar. Uh-huh. So you don't have to you don't have to buy the lot of the wardrobe that some of the people in banking and that kind of thing do. No. I'm not stuck with that kind of a uh situation. Well that's good. <SEP> That's good. As I say unless it happens to be. Now yesterday I had to dress up and and uh be more formal because I had a a formal meeting at noon time. Uh-huh. <SEP> But then I can go home later in the day and and be a little more casual. Well that's wonderful. And then if I have a a meeting of people that I know I can be very casual in the evening. Well my husband has to take the bus into Dallas and doesn't return all day. So he has to dress. And he just really hates it. They have the long sleeve shirts and the whole tie and the whole suit. And even when his job is not going to be with people all day long he said it's just part of the uniform and the expected image that they have to dress. <SEP> Yeah. That's around here in a lot of places that's the way it is. Uh-huh. I mean there there are ex- expected uh dress codes. Uh-huh. <SEP> And the people need to follow that. I think uh years ago I used to be far more uh committed to the idea of of a dress code. Uh-huh. But I've relaxed a lot more as I've gotten older and become more comfortable with myself. Well I think that's I think that's great. I think that's good. <SEP> It's taken a long time to break away from from that. I understand. <SEP> But now that I've broken away from it I'm I'm glad I have. Well another interesting thing on the our our end here is how even in my forties how much younger I dress than my mother would have in her forties. And I will run around to the store in things in slacks and tennis shoes. And she. You mean you don't need to wear little old house dresses any more? Right. And pearls. And she would not have even probably owned a pair of tennis shoes after she got out of high school. <SEP> So uh she tells me I dress young. But that's okay. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. Well there's not a lot more I can think of to discuss on clothing. <SEP> No. There you know. I guess this is what you call a natural end. Yeah. What kind what kind of shoes do they wear down there? Well we wear. Of course like I said if my husband's going downtown he's got the whole uh you know the dress men's dress shoes. <SEP> Uh-huh. But for as out here just anything that the moms. We all kind of have our own little dress code of just either tennis shoes or little loafers and and uh tights and things that feel comfortable to us around our kids. We we can wear pretty much that although um tennis shoes are kind of out in in almost every every situation unless you want to look like a gook. Yeah. I'm sure they are there. <SEP> Yeah. I'm sure they are. That's right. I'm sure that true. It's a lot different than working in a kids preschool. <SEP> A lot different. That's right. Well you all have a nice day there. You too. And thank you for calling. Thank you very much. <SEP> Uh-huh. Bye-bye. Bye.
sw2249.txt:Where do you live? Uh in the Houston area. Uh-huh. Well I used to. I lived there for a long time. But I'm now in Palo Alto California which is I think the recycling capital of the world. <SEP> Oh that's great. So we have many recycling activities. And I'm and in full uh support of all of them. Oh we are too. Our community is uh just starting to get organized about it. They just opened up a recycling center where we go and donate our our things and dump them off ourselves. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh it. Well that's something. But it it seems to me that we've gotten a whole lot better um cooperation out here uh by setting it up so that we pay just a little bit extra uh. Actually I don't think we pay very much extra at all too. But the uh garbage men come by uh on your regular garbage day and pick up the recycling out at the curb. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think that's great. There's a few places in Houston where they're trying that out. I don't know if it's the if they've done it citywide yet or not where they have the color coded uh bags and uh bins. Yeah. We have burlap sacks. Oh. And they give us one for aluminum and uh steel one for metals and one for glass. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then you can either bundle your newspapers or put them in grocery bags. So we have we leave three little piles that they need out on the curb every Thursday. And the garbage men come by and uh collect them and leave us new bags when ours get old and ratty or leave the ones if they're still in good shape. <SEP> Oh that's great. And the it really pays for itself because oh then the city gets the money from the recycling. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. We're we're all for it. Our um. We've got several bins in our on in our garage where we uh you know sort things out and and take it to to the appropriate places. Yeah. The one thing I wish we could recycle is magazines. But they claim that because of the way they're bound they uh it's too expensive to recycle them. At my office we have two big cardboard boxes in the library where everybody goes to pick up their mail. Yes. And they're uh. One's for white paper. And one's for colored paper. So anything like manuscripts or computer paper or so- things like that goes in those boxes. <SEP> Uh-huh. But we get tons of catalogs and things like that and magazines. And there's no way to get rid of them. It just seems like such a waste. Oh it does. It does. But I'm sure that they can uh find some sort of uh use for them if you know you know there. I've seen talk about uh using garbage for uh energy. Uh-huh. <SEP> And so you know you could also apply the magazines toward that. Well that would be a help. I wish they would do that here. We have got so little landfill space left that we're going to run out before the end of this decade. Yes. And it's really going to be a mess when they have to start hunting for places to put the things. <SEP> Oh I know it. We did have uh another novel uh experiment start this year. Now we can put all our yard clippings out. Oh. You can you buy these super giant heavy-duty paper bags. They're about four-feet high. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you get them for I think it's about fifty cents apiece at the grocery store you um usually buy them by the dozen. Uh-huh. And then you put all your lar- yard clippings and uh leaf rakings and anything that will be compostible. <SEP> Oh uh-huh. And those and they the garbage men also pick those up on Thursdays. Oh that's great. And then the uh they take them to a special part of our dump where composting is now in full swing. And at the end of every year uh they sell all the composts to nurserymen and to local people who want to put it on their flower beds. <SEP> Right. Well that's a great idea. I wish we were that uh involved in uh or that our city was so involved in that involved in recycling like that. Yeah. Because you know I've talked to many people. And we wouldn't mind going its extra effort to do it. Uh. If they make it so that it's not a horrendous inconvenience I think most people would. <SEP> Yeah. Oh yeah. You know. And I don't mind you know. At first it was the the little extra money that you got you know returning the cans in and stuff like that. Right. But now you know I don't mind as long as things are getting recycled you know that we don't get reimbursed. No. I think it's it's to me more of a convenience to have them come pick it up then to get that two cents when you take it to the store. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh I oh I know it. We still have bins at the grocery stores where you can turn in bottles and cans for cash. <SEP> Uh-huh. But so few people uh have enough to make that worthwhile you'd spend more in gas getting down there then you get back. Right. Yes. And then the plus the time that you waste standing in line is valuable also. Now do the grocery stores in Houston have recycling for their paper bags and plastic bags? <SEP> We have. I know of one that the one that we use uh has uh recycling for the bags. Uh-huh. And uh and they're promoting the cloth bags. You know the reus- reusable cloth bags. Yeah. Well we can get a nickel apiece for any paper bags that we bring back to be reused. <SEP> Oh that's great. They just take it off like they do a coupon. They can just subtract it from your bill. Oh. And they have a giant bin by the front door for the plastic bags. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they say y- as long as it's clean they don't want a plastic bag that's full of goop. Yes. Here they don't want your rotted tomatoes. <SEP> But they want any clean and dry plastic bag. So I keep. And the thing is I hardly have room now for all the things that we're saving it to recycle. So right outside the back door I've got the two burlap bags hung up for the cans and bottles. Uh-huh. And wi- there right outside the that place where the garbage can is we have the bag for the newspapers. <SEP> And now we've got the bag for the plastic bags. I understand uh. My husband about once a weekend he'll go uh to a couple of areas where he knows that the people just throw cans out. Oh yeah. <SEP> And he'll go pick them up because he just can't stand that. He he. Well how nice. That's great. And uh it's so you know. He we have all our piles of of recyclables also. Uh-huh. <SEP> I remember at Christmas the the only thing that I'm. When you were talking about the composting the only thing that our city did that was they di- uh provided a place for us to take our Christmas trees. Uh to for them to mulch. For for city use. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Well that's. They just put all our Christmas trees in the regular uh compost pickup. Uh-huh. So they did say that you had to put it out within I think it was uh three weeks after Christmas. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. And uh otherwise you would have to treat it like you would any other lawn refuse. It would have to be cut into four-foot lengths. <SEP> So you know if we have branches or something they have to be cut in four-foot lengths. Uh-huh. But otherwise uh they have to be in one of their paper bags. <SEP> Well that sounds like you all really have a a great system worked out there. And they even picked up our uh Styrofoam pl- packing materials. They brought uh the week after Christmas they left a plastic bag on everybody's front doorknob with a little note on it saying we're trying something new next week only if you have any uh of those little uh Styrofoam peanuts that any of your Christmas presents were packed in put them in this bag and leave it out with your recycling. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we'll uh take all of those back and try to recycle them. Right. Well see that's one. But I. That's not going to be a regular feature. That was just a one time thing right after Christmas. <SEP> Well the. But uh something nee- does need to be done about the Styrofoam that uh. Well those things must take up a huge amount of space in landfills. Oh yeah. I mean they don't uh uh. They don't mash. <SEP> No. They don't compress at all. And they stay forever. Right. And I've seen where some places have taken a plastic and uh they're recycling them into other plastics. And the Styrofoam also into insulation and things like that. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I think that would be great if they could get something organized along those lines. Yeah. I do too. The difficulty with that is that very few people have enough to make it worthwhile. It they really have to rely on businesses that generate a lot of that stuff. Right. Uh because otherwise uh you know they're not going to go house-to-house collecting it. And you're not going to bother if you have one bag full to drive all the way to some recycling center to turn in just your little plastic peanuts. <SEP> Uh-huh. Right. Oh I was thinking about you know like the uh the Styrofoam used at uh the fast-food restaurants that if everybody uh. Yeah. <SEP> And so. Yeah. I know like our cafeteria here uses a lot of Styrofoam. But uh. Now we quit that about two years ago no three years ago when we got china mugs for everybody. Huh. So and the only difficulty with that is that we're in the middle of a five-year drought. And so i- it's a real difficult choice whether we want Styrofoam cups to fill up our landfills or uh china cups to use up our water. <SEP> But at the moment we're using the china cups. And everybody gets one at the beginning of the year. And then uh you're supposed to keep it recycled every day. <SEP> Well that's good. That's a. Yeah. They should last awhile. Well let us hope that everybody's going to be paying more attention to this and that we will get uh better reuse of things. Because. <SEP> I believe we are. I h- I have to believe everybody is starting to pay attention and take heed of what is happening. Yep. And so it will it will be good in the long run. It sure will. <SEP> Well I enjoyed it. Well good to talk.
sw3988.txt:Favorite type of music or musician or any. I don't really have a favorite type. I like uh a lot of different types of music. Do you? <SEP> Yeah. I have a a tape collection that I like to listen to uh cassette tapes. Uh-huh. But it's pretty varied. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. How about you? Oh I I'm very uh I'm very varied as well. I uh I don't think I've ever met a type of music I don't like except for uh maybe you know heavy metal and that. That's exactly me. The acid rock or the heavy metal. Yeah. <SEP> Even some of that I like okay but not mostly as a general rule. Yeah. I don't care for that at all. Yeah. I don't enjoy rap too much either. That that doesn't appeal to uh my ears. <SEP> Well as far as the rap goes I think there are a few artists that appeal to me themselves. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I like some of their songs. Oh. But as as. I agree with the general rule I I wouldn't choose rap either. Uh-huh. <SEP> But I I like to listen to uh what you might call pop easy listening country western jazz uh classical um. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I I don't. I like uh like I said pretty varied uh music. Uh-huh. I have a couple that my husband really hates that I listen to like Billy Holiday. Oh. <SEP> I really love to listen to her. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I even have a a tape of Lady Smith Blackman Bazo. Oh gosh. And well I mean they're very harmonic. Uh-huh. <SEP> They really are. Uh-huh. Yeah. Sure. So they're interesting to listen to. You might try that. How about you? Well um I listen to uh specific. Most most likely I would be listen to uh jazz or classical music. Um I in college I took uh four years of classical guitar. And I played in the in the jazz combo all four years. I play guitar for the jazz combo. <SEP> Oh yeah? So uh that's where my two my two listening enjoyments are. But you know jazz can get on my nerves after a while. Uh you can't just listen to it you know to uh especially a lot of the deeper stuff. You just can't listen to it for enjoyment unless you're. Yeah unless unless you're playing it. It's too um uh. You have to concentrate on it it seems. It just it just doesn't do anything. <SEP> What about the blues or something like that? Uh uh blues are okay. I I tell you I do like um. I grew up on blue grass music. My dad is a big blue grass fan. And so. Uh-huh. Um I wouldn't have admitted it when I was in high school. But I really do like it a lot. <SEP> So. I I like some of it um. As far as like the cou- what they now call country western it doesn't sound like the old country music at all does it? No. It doesn't. It doesn't. <SEP> Um some of it sounds more like pop music. Yeah. Uh they've all got you know the real screechy electric guitars now. Oh n-. Yeah. I don't care for that. If I'm going to listen to today's country western I have tapes of like Randy Travis and Clint Black. Yeah. <SEP> And I even liked Jim Reeves you know. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I I. Yeah. I grew up on him. Uh-huh. Or uh what what Merle Haggard and Faron Young. <SEP> Uh-huh. That type of country western is what I I like to listen to. Sure. <SEP> Asleep At The Wheel. Uh Sons of the Pioneers you know stuff like that. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Um oh I like sound tracks a lot. Oh do you? Yeah. It seems like you get a lot of original music that way. Yeah. You sure do. <SEP> I mean you know think about like the Twin Peaks and stuff like that that's just real recent. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Things like that I like to listen to. Um I like instrumental things. Uh-huh. Um I have some Spiro Gyro tapes. Oh they're great aren't they. <SEP> Oh they're wonderful. Yeah. I love them. I have some dulcimer music. I mean like I said that that's pretty varied. Yeah. It sure is. Yeah. <SEP> Al Jarreau he's somebody I like. He's pretty kind of jazz inspired but but still kind of pop too. Uh-huh. Yeah. I like his. He has a nice smooth voice. <SEP> Oh yeah. And you know what I like the most about him is I've gone to see him in concert and he always he looks like he's having fun. Yeah. Sure. I mean some people sing. And they have their faced all contorted like it hurts them or something. <SEP> But he looks like he's having a good time. I mean he's up there moving around and smiling like he's happy and and like all he wants to do is is make the audience enjoy it too. Uh-huh. <SEP> Sure. And he he is real fun to listen to. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um Bonnie Rait I like her a lot. Uh-huh. Um in fact whenever she won her big Grammy. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think it was like five of them or something. Uh-huh. Was was it five. Or. Yeah. Something like that. It was last last last year wasn't it. <SEP> Yeah. Last year or the year before I can't remember. But um I was listening to a particular radio station. And and the one D J said who the heck is Bonnie Rait and why does she deserve five Grammies? Well I vowed then that I was not going to listen to that radio station any more if that D J can make such a unedu-.
sw2503.txt:Hi Wanet. How are you? I'm doing fine. Where you from? I'm from New England. Massachusetts. <SEP> Okay. I'm from Berkeley California. Wow !. This is quite a quite a long distance. Yeah. It certainly is. Do you have any pets? <SEP> No. Use too. Use to. But none none right now. How come uh you don't have any now? You get tired of them? Well I I live in an apartment building. And and uh and and it it it's ju- just not feasible you know. Yeah. <SEP> I'd love to have a dog you know. I've got a little doggy uh that I've had quite uh quite a long time. In fact she just turned sixteen years old New Year's Eve. Ah. And uh. <SEP> Is she? I beg your pardon? What is she? She's uh uh uh a poodle. Uh a toy poodle a toy poodle. And she's. <SEP> Ah. Ah. My I got my mom a teacup little mutt not too long ago. This is a little bigger than a teacup. <SEP> Yeah. And uh it's funny how uh how I I uh a- acquired this animal. Uh when I was uh married my uh ex-wife had said that she had a friend who had a little puppy. That she needed. Uh the woman needed someone to baby-sit. And uh this is what she had told the kids. And she even told me that. And after the two week period was up uh she then informed me that the woman no longer wanted the little puppy and wanted to know if we wanted to keep it. Well after you had an animal for a couple of weeks it's uh you become you become attached to it. Oh for sure. <SEP> Oh yeah. So I've had this dog now for for sixteen years. And she's been a lot of company. Uh she's uh however getting a little old. And things are starting to fail. Uh I I live alone now. And she stays in the house all day while I go to work. And uh she's been holding herself pretty well. The uh up until you know recently where she's been having accidents in the house because she either is losing control or she forgets where she is. And uh I find a little present on the floor sometimes when I come home. But she's she's usually pretty good. Yes. Well. My my mother has one that's uh. It's uh it's uh teacup. And uh it's made such a difference for her. But you know just I e- e- you know. The way my mom's presence countenance is just just for having a puppy. But you know having this dog. She's had it for I guess three years now. Oh possibly four. Uh-huh. <SEP> But uh it was it it's it's really made such a difference for her. I really would like to uh. I'm a disabled person. Uh-huh. So I'm unable to to really take care of a pet. And if that weren't so I would certainly have one. I just I just. It frustrates me sometimes not being able to have a dog. Yeah. Huh. Well you might want to get yourself uh an animal that doesn't require much attention. Like a cat. <SEP> Oh yeah. Well yeah. Uh I I I typically am not a cat person. I have a friend that uh has on occasion uh brought her cat over for me to keep for you know from time to time. And this cat is like no other cat I have ever seen. And uh it would sleep on my chest you know. <SEP> Yeah. It's just it's just a great cat. But. Well my my personal preference is is a dog. Uh I don't know that uh that I would ever want a cat. Oh I like cats. I just wouldn't want to own one. Uh they're not uh they're they're affectionate. <SEP> Well you don't own cats. But they. Yeah. I don't know. I can't seem to communicate with a cat like I can with my dog. Yeah. You they they own you or or you know grant you with you their presence you know. Yeah. Right. <SEP> Yeah. Right. That. Yes. We're supposed to appreciate them. Well my my dog when I came home uh when I come home in the evenings my dog greets me at the door. I don't know that a cat would do that uh. <SEP> Yeah. I used to have a cat that could read me better than any human being in my life. Yeah. <SEP> I could just walk in the door. And she knew whether to to to quietly come up to me or to just run and knock me over. I mean she really could pick up on my mood uh the way I walked in the door. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> It was uh uncanny. Huh. I I think uh in a way we're able to read each other pretty well because uh she knows when I'm upset and I know when she's not feeling good too. So. I know like when she has an accident I know she's not doing it on purpose. Yeah. When when she was younger she used to do that to get even with me. <SEP> Yeah. Uh and and you know some people might not believe that. But but but uh I do. <SEP> Sure. Oh absolutely. Like if I if I put her in a room all by herself and close the door and leave her there for a few hours uh because I was going out. She would uh break something or rip up the carpet or do something just to uh to to let me know that she was unhappy with what I did. Really? Yeah. <SEP> That's the way. Well I had that cat that I mentioned Alfie. One morning you know the first thing you do is you get up and you you you feed this cat some- something and and you make sure that it can get to its litter box. Well for some reason during the night the door was not quite wide enough for it to get through. Uh-huh. And uh the next morning uh when my roommate got up and and uh did not feed it right away it decided that that it was going to protest. <SEP> And so it jumped up on my bed and anointed my blanket for me. Looking looking at me eye to eye all the time while it was doing it. <SEP> All right. Have I got your attention now? Oh yes. Animals have a way of talking. Alfie did. I tell you if I could have gotten a hold of that cat that day. I I don't know that I'd uh that I'd trade my dog in for the world. Uh it was about two years ago she got sick on me. And I took her to the uh to the vet's because she wasn't eating and and uh she wasn't able to jump. She you know lost all her activity. And uh she stayed there for one day. And the doctor called me up and said uh she had a low white cell count and that uh she wasn't she was dying and uh suggested that I take her to a working hos- dog hospital animal hospital. So I took his suggestion. And I uh took the the dog to a hospital. The dog hospital there. And they said they'd keep her there for three days. Well she ended staying there five days at a hundred and something dollars a day because she was in intensive care. It cost me over five hundred dollars. <SEP> Ouch. Plus the the uh the vet sent me a bill for what he did. And uh then she recouped. She was okay for a couple of years. And then she got sick on me again. And I brought her to a different vet this time. And I told the vet what medication I had given her and everything. And uh he gave me the medication the same medication that I gave her the last time. And she was okay. And she's been okay every since. It's been about two years now. Huh. Well that's great. It really is. I I'm glad that she was able to pull out of it that way and so cheaply the second time. Yeah. Well the see the problem is if if the if someone would have came up to me and said it's going to cost you five hundred dollars to keep your dog alive. What do you want to do? I probably would have had second thoughts. <SEP> Yeah. Of course you would. But what they well what they do is is they say well it's going to cost you know twenty dollars for tests and forty dollars for this. And and you know and it creeps up on you. You don't know that uh you know. You really y- you don't know what it's going to until it's all over. Uh to give you an example. My mom had an elderly cat who uh whoever evidently got a hold of it. And uh the cat got sick. So she took the cat to the vet. And she had the cat there for two days. And then the cat died. So the doctor had called her up and said uh your cat died. And you owe me this bill. And oh by the way do you want me to to bury the cat. <SEP> So it cost her three hundred dollars uh. And she didn't get the cat back. So yeah. They had to pay for all the medical uh bills that the cat ran up plus the burial expenses. And uh you know she just brought the cat in because he wasn't feeling good. So that that was kind of a surprise. <SEP> Really. Geez. At lea-. Yeah. You kind of wonder what really happened. Yeah. Well even the you know. They they claimed they did the best that they could have have. And then the cat uh died. So. <SEP> My goodness. I'm I'm looking for another cat for them. Uh. I I've I've got a little kitten uh that's still uh just being born right now. So another five or six weeks I'll be bringing the little kitten over to uh to my folks. <SEP> Well that that that that will make their day. Yeah. I I think it will. Because they're both in their in their seventies. And uh the cat uh although it's a little bit of work for them sometimes it turns it turns out to be uh uh a pleasant experience for them. Uh I think they enjoy that. Only work initially. Yeah. <SEP> For cats anyway you know. Yeah. Well listen. It's been a pleasure talking to you. Well the same here. <SEP> And you take care. Okay. Bye now. <SEP> Maybe we'll talk again sometimes. Okay. What is that sound? That's my buzzer at the door. Oh okay. I'll let you go. <SEP> Okay. Right. Thank you.
sw2502.txt:So how do you feel about our policy in Latin America? Oh I'm all in favor of it. Yeah. No. I uh I think we've been doing a pretty good job you know not uh not taking advantage of our you know of the financial dependence that most of the countries have on us you know uh. I mean we could direct the government even more than we have been. I don't think we've been doing too bad. Yeah. Well do you think that's do you think that's right? Do you think we should direct the government? <SEP> Um. Well I think that uh as a whole that the being that the drug problem the drug industry can uh bring so much money to a country. I think that if it wasn't for the United States Government matching that the g- the drug uh cartels or whatever would control most the Central and Latin America. Yeah. <SEP> Just that uh money is power. Yeah. And uh. Well I have a friend that's uh de-. His descendants are from uh uh Nicaragua and uh very. I mean it's like his mother his mother came over. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh he you know. I just get sorry feelings for people that their family came from there and how they feel about you know our intervention and their government and stuff like that. Uh-huh. And he he was all for it because it's just like you say uh. There's so many people there that that get the kind of control that's bad you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that their governments can become so corrupt. And it's like well you know I use to feel like. Well they they should work their way you know. They should should be able to work their self out of it. Or you know why why why intervene in another country's you know problems and things like that. Why why should we be the ones that have to do it and things like that. But I think just a lot of times if we don't then then it then that influence will affect our country too for one. And for two you know that it does help. I mean you know I think the people in those country do want our help. The people that are under conditions that are you know not favorable to this their rights. <SEP> Right. Exactly. So. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> But uh. But uh I wish we didn't have to. I mean I'd rather. Even if a country chooses a government that's not you know exactly the kind of government that we have you know or or as in complete opposition to it at least it's their choice as long as long it's one that's that that makes since so to speak you know. It is a government that stays in power that can stay in power. But it seems like most of them don't you know. Yeah. <SEP> Well sometimes that's that's America doing that too you know. Oh yeah. We we fall out of uh agreements with certain leaders. And then amazingly enough the country starts turning against our leader you know. It's uh. So you think like C I A influence and our money over there. <SEP> That and uh that and. Yeah. America starts talking then about removing bases and and whatnot and stuff like that and people. Yeah. Or or government aids and stuff. <SEP> Right. Yeah. I think that has a lot of things to did with uh um. Well then how can you how can you say as far as like in uh Europe as far as the the toppling of those kinds of governments you know like. <SEP> Yeah. That was uh. I mean. I'm I'm really wondering whether that's going it settle down or not. Because on one hand you have you know that the you know the Soviet Government of course mistreating a lot of the uh Slovak countries and then on the other hand you have well. Uh-huh. <SEP> They they were feeding us you know. So uh I don't know really what's going to happen. Yeah. But we don't we're not intervening in that. Or do you think that we are to the degree that we are causing. <SEP> Oh. Are. Yeah. I think we're getting quite a. Put it this way I think. No. I think the people are revolting themselves. And. <SEP> Yeah. And we're uh allowing it to happen. See I I agree with that. <SEP> Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I I agree that that the communication that now that communication has become so much more widespread and you know worldwide that people are realizing hey we don't have it so good and let's stand up. <SEP> Right. You know uh this is ridiculous. We're living with these kind of conditions in a world that's advancing as fast as it is. Uh-huh. That uh. I think people are just saying no way we don't want anywhere of this. <SEP> Yeah. I think uh Central America has always been one of those places where people are more passive you know where it's always the minority that are are trying to make the country better. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Well I mean I don't mean to. Well I guess I do in a way. Sometimes I think a religion has a lot to do with that. I think that that uh because of those co- countries a lot you know where such Catholic influence. And I think the Catholic religion itself was was such a dominant factor as far as keeping the people down so to speak. <SEP> I thought it was the other way around. But. They were always having to meet in the catacombs and all this. So all the persecution that they're sort of use to it it's been sort of like you know. Uh. <SEP> But but see but I don't agree with that because the Catholic religion as far as through the ages has been the rule so to speak. You know they are the ones that set that set a lot of the rules. And they are the ones that do keep the people down. I mean when you a religion that most of the people go to church and they don't understand when anything is being said yet they're yet they're expected to bow down to it I think that keeps people in sort of line you know. <SEP> I don't quite understand that. Do they even understand what's being said? Well when when it use to be Latin. I'm just saying that the old church. Oh yeah. <SEP> The old church. Yeah. Yeah. Which it's not that way now. But I think that there is just that I think that it's just Latin countries are slower in coming around. <SEP> Well they actually understood. It is in America where it was hard. Latin you know is very very very close to Spanish. Well Latin. Uh they still didn't understand it though I don't think. <SEP> Yeah. Because I I descend from that. And I you know I don't can't I don't understand Latin. Uh. Yeah. And I'm of Spanish descent. So um I I just think that has something to do with why Latinos or tend to be you know the mee- the more meek you know. <SEP> They tend to be more. Like not stand up for their rights as much. They're not really sure of what they are. I don't think. Uh I never really thought of it that way. Well I mean how can you contrast the Europeans and their vocalism on their rights to to say the people in Latin America. <SEP> I mean why are they why are they not as vocal. Or why do they not you know stand up so to speak for their rights? I don't know. Could be the the economic still. <SEP> You know the. There's. The poverty level is certainly uh you know much worse in the Latin American countries. I mean you can say that about Africa too. I think it has something to do with the poverty level because Africa is certainly not a Catholic uh country. Uh-huh. And yet you know they have the same problem where you know where kings and such. Uh I don't agree with that. <SEP> I don't agree. Because I think that they are pretty vocal about it in in uh Africa. I think they've made a lot more chances. They they've they're very vocal. Well in South Africa. Yeah. In South Africa I think they are. But yet you know. So what's the difference? <SEP> Idi Amin was you know in power for so long. Yeah. So what makes the difference between say South America and the rest I mean South Africa and it is rest of Africa? Yeah. <SEP> Uh racial I think. Or like you say maybe communication of knowing that hey up in other English colonies or previous English colonies everything is equal and yet down there it's not. You know I think communication does have a lot to do with it you know in education maybe. Yeah. <SEP> I don't know about education. Because the black community is still not very educated down there. So I think it is communication. It's just oopsy. I think it maybe has to do with a lo- a lot to do with education. Because you look at the uh European countries. I think they tend to be more educated much more educated than than Africa or the Latin American countries. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. You know that. I don't know whether uh. Actually I I've always wondered whether how the education system works in the Russian countries the Republics you know. Uh-huh. Well I know that Russia they're they're comparably more better educated than we are in our country. <SEP> Really. That's good in a way. You know uh something we compete with. Yeah. <SEP> Uh and I've been sort of disappointed how that they they say literacy rate has gone down you know. That's sort of upsetting to think that we're richer and yet everybody is intellectually poorer. Yeah. In our country? <SEP> In our country. Yeah. Yeah. That is really upsetting. And and considering it's free you know. I mean good education is really still free. Yeah. Well that's just it though good education. <SEP> Uh-huh. Is it good education? It may be free but is it good education. And that's just it. Are we willing to pay for it you know. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean a lot of people bitch and moan about the taxes and all. But so are they willing to pay for you know quality education you know? Uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> So you know and yet they yet people get very frightened when they see the Japanese moving in and the Russians moving in certain areas of technology you know that we use to dominate. And it's like well you know they're educating their people to higher degrees than we do. So you're going to have to expect it. So what you. Are you willing to compromise a little and and pay pay some take some of that money out of your pocket and pay for good quality education. So I don't know. Uh. But I I.
sw3186.txt:All right this is easy for me since I. And me too because I eat out a lot. Yeah. Well I travel. I do about forty percent of my time is on the road. <SEP> So you eat all your meals out. I eat a lot of meals out. Well I'm also married. And my wife is an A one cook. But she enjoys eating out. So I have to share it with her. And uh actually it's very easy for me because I I have a prac- make it a practice when I am out. I eat differently than what I could eat at home or around here. Sure. So I look for just about anything. And it's it's uh it's a lot of fun. I don't have to worry really worry too much about price considerations because I you know. <SEP> I was going to ask you could you go to you know nice places. And. Oh sure. Yeah. And it's it's really great. I I I like different types of food. <SEP> So where are your what are the places you know memorable places you've eaten? Uh oh you na- okay you name it. Let's see. You've got one down in uh down near uh Addison. Uh there's two restaurants that I particularly like that I every time I get into Texas or I get into Atlanta Georgia I make sure I go. And that's Houston's. Oh Houston's. Uh-huh. Yep. Okay. <SEP> It's a great place. It's it's great. There's a a restaurant in um right outside of Reading Pennsylvania it's called Alfredo's that does not look like a restaurant that you would really want to recommend to a lot of people. Uh-huh. But it is fab- fantastic. Uh there's a restaurant and I don't recall the name of it uh in uh Panama City. Of course not too many people want to rush back to Panama City uh Panama the country uh Panama. <SEP> Oh okay. Because I was thinking. Well I I grew up in Panama City. No. This is the country this is the country Panama all right? I get it. <SEP> Right. And uh but I have gotten to quite a few. And I go to Canada and get quite a few restaurants up there. I you know and I know the locations. And I know the places. But I lot of times I don't remember the names. I'd have to go back through some expense reports. Uh-huh. But particularly down in your area I'm looking for some some more restaurants. So I you know I don't know what's what's down there the ones out in Addison. <SEP> Do you like Mexican? Do you like Mexican food. Not particularly. <SEP> Oh. That's one of the few. Why which one were you going to recommend? Well I mean there's so many places here you know. There's just it's just lots of good Mexican restaurants here. Uh-huh. <SEP> But in the Addison well about everything that you could want in Dallas is in the Addison area anyway. Right. I mean now there's a new Italian place Sfuzi. Okay. I have a. <SEP> That has a great I've not been there but it has a great reputation as one of the best restaurants in Dallas. And now there's one in Addison. Okay. Let. I'm I'm writing it down. It's F S it's S F U Z I. Okay. <SEP> And it's on it's in Addison. And it's a great place. Also a great place that they have like Cajun food is Copelands. I've been there. Now I really like Copelands. Okay. I've been there. Um one down there is the uh I think it's an old schoolhouse. <SEP> Oh the yeah the I know. No. I don't like that place. Well I like the food. But I don't care for the clowning around. See uh uh. Yeah. I I when I went I thought the food was not good. <SEP> Oh really? Oh I've had. Magic Time Machine is the place you're thinking of. That's it. That's it. I've had excellent food there. <SEP> See I when I went I thought. The people drove me crazy first of all. True. True. <SEP> But then I just thought the food was over priced for what it was. Uh-huh. Yeah. All right. Well that's great. Uh no. Italian is fine. I make it a habit of always going out to Pasta Oggi's which is right down there in Ad-. Do you like like Southwestern? Oh yeah. <SEP> Well now there's a good place in Addison too called Blue Mesa Grill that's on Belt Line that's close to Houston's as a matter of fact. All right. Really? <SEP> And um it's great. I mean their they have I think. Sometimes I've been when I thought Well it wasn't as good. But I went there recently. And I thought Well this really is good. Uh-huh. So that's that's a very good place to eat The Blue Mesa Grill. Good. <SEP> And um. Well this is great. This is going to give me some more places to go. A whole new dining experience. <SEP> Okay. Fine. I guess our time's about up. So. Well they haven't beeped us have they? Uh well they don't always. <SEP> Oh I thought sometimes they say you know this is three minutes or whatever. Yeah. I they've been doing that when uh the circuits are busy. <SEP> Oh okay. And other than that they you know leave you go about five minutes. And then that that's about it. I guess that's what they need for their machines to get everything down pat. So. Okay. It was a pleasure talking to you. <SEP> Well thanks for calling for helping us out. Okay. You bet. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2302.txt:Okay uh. Let's see. I I believe in the trial by jury. I think if it was up to the judge alone that there would be real possible for uh payoffs you know briberies uh unfairness one-sidedness you know all those kinds of things. And I also like the unanimous decision because you have to persuade everybody to be a hundred percent absolutely sure before you convict somebody. I I really agree with the uh innocent until proven guilty theory. I think that's that's a good way to do it. That's about all. Well I think I think basically we're in a lot of agreement uh in that I certainly agree that for any case involving serious injury to another person then maybe that needs uh some kind of legal definition. Uh-huh. <SEP> But for anything involving that trial by jury certainly should be mandatory. Uh-huh. But there should be with our overworked uh judicial system. It seems to me like there ought to be a means of of um not having to take everything before a full court. You know. Maybe there ought to be some kind of of uh. Isn't there a type of word called a jury duty now. Uh-huh. Really. <SEP> And maybe instead of of uh just kind of blowing it off just spend a day or a day and a half like most folks do maybe we should commit to spend a week. And during that week you're kind of an ad hoc let's hear about it group of I don't know twenty-five instead of twelve. Uh-huh. And each case is presented to that group of twenty-five. And those cases are uh lesser degrees of magnitude. You know. The guy was caught burgling. And he had his pockets full of stuff you know when he was caught. Right. <SEP> You know that kind of stuff you can just turn to the judge and say your pleasure your honor. And there's not a lot of discussion about that kind of thing. Yeah. But the way our system our court system works that guy is going to have to hang around in jail or out on bail or something like that for an extreme period of time. Right. <SEP> I just think our system is overworked. And we're starting to stretch the true meaning of of right to a speedy trial. Yeah. That's that's a good idea. Maybe this pre group of people could decide you know which kind of uh you know where they could go from there. Do they need a big lengthy twelve person ju- jury. Or do they need a six person jury or you know those kinds of things. And the degree of the of the you know the seriousness of it you know. How. Is this open and shut you know like you were saying. Or do you need somebody to go off for three months and try to figure out what really happened. You know a jury like that. You know we. They could be a good idea to. That could work. <SEP> You know kind of off what we've been talking about here uh I believe that our we've become almost a litigious society where we everyone is very quick to sue or to threaten to sue and that kind of stuff. And although we supporting a whole segment of society called lawyers maybe we don't need to do that. Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> You know maybe instead of being so quick to sue you uh if you have a disagreement with someone instead of tying up court and time and that kind of stuff maybe you nee- maybe you. And if you want to your lawyer or your your opponent need to go face this group of twenty-five or a judge like they have on T V. Good idea. Yeah. <SEP> And let either he or that group decide whether or not you have a real case. Yeah. Right. That's. And let's you know let's get rid of some of this harassment suing. Right. That's that's a good idea. I. In the BIBLE it says uh if you have something against somebody to go to them first. And if that doesn't work then to go get somebody you know a little bit more wiser and older and take them with you and go to them. And if that doesn't work to take it to the whole church. So that's right off that same kind of principle. <SEP> You bet. And if If we could all deal with those kinds of beliefs we wouldn't have half the. That's a that's a good idea. Yeah. That's true. That's true too. But uh you know that whole Biblical concept like that that's true in a lot of our. Um you know the the way the whole judicial system and the government is based on that. It doesn't work on that. But it's based out of that. And uh so that you know that could work. <SEP> Yes. I'd forgotten what that's called. There's a a real name for that like the Judean law or something like that. Um what is that called? The Judeo-Christian ethic. Judeo-Christian ethic. Well that may be right. It's in there some place. Yeah. <SEP> I think we both know that we're talking about the foundation of our legal society. Right. Right. Right. <SEP> Uh and too the. That was sort of the beginning of Ye shall be treated fairly. Uh-huh. Uh I guess the Lord started out with we'll treat you fa- I'll treat you fairly there as long as you do what I say. Uh that's sort of the Old Testament version. Yeah. That's that's. <SEP> I know. I did a Sunday school lesson one time on the difference between the Old Testament and the New Testament where where there's a vengeful Lord in the Old Testament and there's a loving Lord in the New Testament. Really. But that's a whole different subject. Really. Really. Yeah. <SEP> Okay. Well I I think we have exhausted my pitifully small knowledge on on the legal system. Mine too. Yeah. Mine too. <SEP> But it's been a pleasure talking with you. Yeah. Same here. What what part of the country are you from? I'm living here in Texas. Oh okay. In in Texas. Okay. I was just being curious. Okay. <SEP> Well that's quite all right. Yeah. Well I'm from the Dallas area. Well so am I. Oh okay. Well that's that's neat. <SEP> In fact I'm at work out at Lewisville. Oh are you really? Wow. Okay. Well I'll let you go. And it was nice talking to you. My pleasure. Have a good day. You too. <SEP> Bye-bye. Bye.
sw2883.txt:Well what are your. Did you like do you use credit cards? Uh not very often. I usually uh. The ones we use is like Visa. And we always try to pay it back at the end of the month. Huh-uh. <SEP> I have uh uh. So it doesn't get uh uh the credit uh. Right. The interest rate is so high that you're really. If you're going to use credit cards you need to use that policy I think don't you? <SEP> Yeah. Otherwise you end up paying so much more for your merchandise that it's hardly uh it's not a very good idea. That's right. <SEP> Do you have a lot of credit cards? Well I have a lot of them. But I don't use them very much though. Right. I use them mostly for big things like maybe sometimes uh tuition if it's you know if I'm short to go ahead and get it and then try to get it saved back as quick as I can. The other thing I I think if you do get overextended a little bit you need to be sure and pay it off uh more than one at a time because I think you could run forever paying what they require. <SEP> Oh yeah. Just goes on and on. Which is what they want. Yeah. <SEP> I think a lot of people go in debt because they think oh you know I can just charge it. But really I mean if they don't have the money then they aren't going to have it in a month. So. Yeah. That's true. They uh make the mistake of pushing all their cards. There are times when it's when it's very useful like uh emergency trip or something. <SEP> Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Sometimes when you when you. The money will be available. But it's you know not immediately handy. I think uh they're very helpful plus the fact that it's helpful not to have to carry a lot of money sometimes. Right. But uh I you really do need to be very um oh responsible about it. Or you end up in deep trouble. <SEP> Yeah. I made that mistake when I first got a job. And that's kind of like. It took me quite a while to pay them off. Uh-huh. So af- after that I decided well I'm not going to use them at all and just try to pay cash for everything. And that worked for a while. And then we got married. So we decided to you know if we used them we would pay them off as we go. Right. <SEP> So. Right. That can be very handy under those kind of circumstances. The other thing about them is too if you really don't you really need to get some and use them because if you have never used them and developed and haven't developed a credit thing. It stops you from doing a lot of things. If you if you pay for everything by cash uh there is a lot of things that a lot of people who will not give you credit when you need something like a house or a car. Right. <SEP> That's true. Yeah. So so they they have become a very vital part of our of our monetary system over the last few years. Uh-huh. But uh it's true. You have to be very careful or you end up uh going in the deep end. And uh and an awful lot of people are in trouble. <SEP> Uh-huh. We have a boy living with us who works for a credit card uh company that. And he makes calls to people who have problems you know credit problems that are trying to work out. Huh-uh. And uh. Poor thing he comes home very depressed every night because the world has so many problems of that sort. <SEP> Oh. So it's it's uh it's uh it's a really big problem I think and um takes mature people to to treat it uh. Yeah. So that it's so that it's a real advantage to you instead of a disadvantage. <SEP> Right. I think um the way the tax system was they encouraged people to use credit cards you know with a big write off at the end of the year. Yeah. But now it's like it's punch money because. Right. It didn't do you any good now does it? <SEP> You can not. Right. You can not write off your interest. Even before it probably wasn't though because you didn't get anywhere near as much as what it you didn't get to claim anywhere near what you ended up paying. Yeah. So well I'm not. Other than that I don't have too much on credit cards. But. <SEP> It's good to talk to you. Yeah. You too. Thanks for calling. Uh-huh. Bye now. <SEP> Bye.
sw2708.txt:Anyway what are your what are your first comments on that subject? Uh my first comments on the budget. I would say there has. What would you start cutting f-. What would be the first thing you'd cut? Defense? <SEP> Surprisingly no. I would I would cut the prison systems and let them self-support. Mean private enterprise? Huh? Have private enter- enterprise do it? <SEP> You mean the prisons? Uh-huh. They're already talking about it. I mean they're talking about uh having it uh as a you know business. Uh to uh you know to so the you know the government doesn't have to deal with it. I hadn't heard that. But uh yeah. Because I think it's all funded either state or federally funded. So or uh obviously. <SEP> Right. So but uh But see they're they don't have enough uh uh you know there's there's not enough room in these prisons and that and that uh to continue funding it. But to me it. They think they need to maybe have uh you know private you know business private enterprise come in. So. <SEP> Well see the other way I'm thinking about is they should be self-supporting like uh the prisoners make license plates or farm or small industry inside the prisons. Anything to where they can be self-supporting within themselves. In other words they're in there for a purpose. Put them to work rather than sitting there. Uh-huh. It's the same thing like the whole criminal I shouldn't say criminal but the whole police department of the United States. I feel the same way. Uh someone gets picked up for drunk driving. He should put enough in there that goes back into paying for that policeman being out there. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it's self defen- you know self-defense on that point. Uh as far as my defense budget uh they're cutting it back now what twenty-five percent? I wouldn't want to see it cut any more than that. Yeah. But again I'd like to see something on the other end back into education. But not in the education we have today. So I'm lost on that one. I would like to be a little more into investigating some of the other countries in the world and their educational problems. And to come up with something a little better than what we've got. Uh-huh. Yeah. It's tough to to say what uh you know what uh. As far as this that good or bad or what. But uh I was just talking to somebody else. And all those European countries they pay all the way through college and stuff like that. They. So uh. <SEP> Well not so much pay. I'm not trying to see the government put out any more. No. Yeah. I know what you are saying. But I'm just saying that even the differences uh is that you know some countries pay for students to go to through college and etcetera. But here it you know it's just up to high school. Yeah. But see we don't even push the fact to the high school kids that there's other means of education out there rather than college. To go either as an apprentice which they they do in other countries. Just doing it which I think would bring the education back up. You know. Uh-huh. <SEP> Why not an apprentice out to a a company and learn from down on the bottom as a wood worker or you know just a technician? You can learn on the job. Which of course again which m- would mean again. Uh-huh. Our education budget will go down if this is. In a few years I mean it's not going to be overnight. Yeah. <SEP> But that would come down. I think the pro- you know that's one reason uh you know we do have the education is that what it takes for these companies to bring somebody on board. Uh. They're not willing to you know to put that you know the training for only a certain amount. So uh it's you know as far as the technical side. But uh even like. One one of the biggest things now is like paralegals and stuff. I mean they they're trying to get more people into that field. But they can't just bring somebody in without even having gone to you know school in that area before they can work you know for a lawyer as a paralegal. <SEP> Excuse me. I see it being done. I know of a friend that works for my lawyer that has had no training whatsoever. And she's training her. Uh-huh. Well yeah. I I'm well ya- I you know I'm assuming that it can be done. Uh. My perspective is that you know I've been with a couple of big companies now. And it's like they'd are unwilling to put the time in. You know they want somebody you know when they then when they bring them off bring them in that they have something you know a certain amount to contribute. Obviously there's uh you know there's a lot to learn uh after that. But but uh that's true. I'm I'm sure there's a lot of uh. You know businesses are small you know small businesses that could uh. Let me change my channel. I've got a cordless phone. Let me see if that clears this up. Is that better? Yes. Okay. <SEP> Wow !. Yeah. It was a cordless phone. And all of a sudden we had a bad uh frequency there or something. So we had some interference. So I changed that. Yeah. It sounded you were calling from around the world somewhere. Anyway so uh. <SEP> Well. But uh you know I think uh they maybe they need to uh help promote that more. Give incentives like uh if they do bring somebody on they will pay some of their costs or give tax breaks or whatever it is you know for them to train people you know stuff like that. Programs like that you know. Uh-huh. I don't know you know what kind of options they've got. <SEP> Well that's something about what Germany's supposed to be doing. Something similar to that right now. And uh they have jobs out on you know bulletin boards so people know what is open for an apprentices in different fields. But see that again would cut some of our budget down for education but build up our education with the people. At people per at high school level which I would like to see. Rather than so many kids getting out of school. Uh-huh. They're they go on the unemployment list before we have turn around. Because they don't have any education. Uh-huh. <SEP> I don't mean college. And I'm for college. But there's a lot of people that don't want their higher education as far as quote quote college is concerned. They've had it. Yeah. I think I just heard something the other day. It was like only it was either sixty percent or forty percent go to college. And then out of that percentage only so many can get their degree. Uh-huh. So I thought that was interesting. But uh you know most people I knew have gone and got their degree. So. <SEP> Oh yeah. But there's a lot of them out there that haven't. Yeah. Well I ju- you know I uh was basic in a you know middle upper middle class area. That's. And yeah. So I think uh that demographic area there you know a lot of them do go on. And they go to college etcetera. <SEP> Well it seems to me that kids that a- get out of high school that parents have gone to college and college here and college there that are really not interested in going to college and forced into it usually are your drop outs. Where if they're said hey it's just as advisable to go into something you enjoy and you like. Because you can get just as far as being a journeyman carpenter or an electrician or plumber or anything else like that. Make as much money. And if they enjoy it more they'll make a lo- happier life for themselves. Yeah. Question. You threw that question on me about the deficit. Put it on your shoe now. What would you do? Well as as far as the you know the deficit that's a whole nother uh my perception of the budget you know the government. And they have so much to spend. And there's not enough money to spread around. But the deficit basically is that the trade surplus between the other countries and that we have more money or goo- you know more money going out and too many goods coming into this country you know. And uh you know part of that problem I think is still you know uh. Like Japan still does not let us compete fairly in their country. And and obviously the the demand for their goods is quite high here. So they can get their goods in here. And uh you know to start even that out we need to continue to you know at least threaten that you know. We're going to give them higher tariffs etcetera to raise their prices to you know ours. But uh it's just that uh they're eh. I think you're you're going to find that just because the United States you know there is such a demand here the market you know. And uh uh the mone- you know money being spent and the goods flow in and we don't sell you know we don't uh sell products abroad as much as we bring in. So. <SEP> Were you watching. I think uh. One of the news stations. I couldn't even tell you which one I watched. But they had on there where the the output from the United States was basically from smaller businesses rather than the larger ones are exporting. Uh-huh.
sw3495.txt:Okay. What do you feel are some of the main problems? Well I'm in a I'm in an urban area. I'm in Dallas. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we're finding that crime is going up very quickly and has become a major problem uh even a more major problem. Uh in Dallas some of the major problems uh. Drugs seems to be re- related to quite a bit of the crime we have now. There is a lot of theft a lot of assault dealing with uh people trying to get money for drugs. Yeah. And uh I think that's a national problem though. It it it's pretty bad here too. <SEP> It's not unique. We've had a lot of murders drug related and stuff. In Durham which is right next to Raleigh. Yes. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well now we're pretty close to the golden triangle aren't you? Yeah. That that. Durham Raleigh and Chapel Hill is the triangle. Right. Research triangle and all of that. Right. <SEP> And uh I'm sure you have a lot of students there uh and a lot of researchers. So you you may have a you know perhaps a little better economic climate. But in all your cities now it seems like th- there is a a crowd that's really effected by this bill. Yeah. It's it's really it's. And I've seen in more in Durham than I have in Raleigh or or or Chapel Hill. Really? Chapel Hill is kind of a a ritzy city or whatever. I mean it's kind of. I'm I'm sure there is problems with it. But it has a pretty low crime rate. Compare compared to to Durham has probably got the worst. They've had like forty-eight murders since the beginning of the year. <SEP> Really? And over half of it has been drug related. Um. Well here uh I'm not sure how many Dallas has had. I've uh. Houston is averaging about two a week or three or four. I I don't know. A a number every week. Yeah. <SEP> Uh Dallas is having quite a few. Seems like most of ours are occurring in late at night or or like I say drug related. Uh I guess the other thing was that are causing a lot of the crime now is the decrease in values. Seems like a a lot of people don't hold human life quite as high as perhaps they used to. Yeah. Uh I. Well that. And the and the economy is so bad. And And so many people have been laid off and stuff. <SEP> The economy is lousy. They've done special stories on the news local news here. Uh-huh. We had a lot of bank robberies and different lot of break ins and stuff. I know like a week or so ago. I live in a in a town house which is you know. It's a pretty nice neighborhood. And this lady was going to work. She came home and everything in her house was total gone light fixtures everything. And nobody thought any different. They just thought she was moving. It was a moving man pulled right up to her house broke in and stole everything she owned. <SEP> Boy that really that really takes someone who is bold to do that. Well yeah. It's it's it's pretty bad. Well now do you find that security is very good in in a in a town home? Uh I would say so for the majority in in our in my little section of the neighborhood because there is always somebody at home. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we all know one another. And and on our one little section of the street we all know one another and know that we're not moving and different things like that. Well that. It's. I I'm I'm probably the one of the youngest people that live over here. <SEP> I see. Most people are are retired. Or or or you know they're they're in their forties or or whatever. So and I'm in my twenties. So I I'm I'm out more than they are. But they're at home at night. Yeah. So I really don't worry about anything. <SEP> Well I think you hit on one point there is you know each other. Yeah. I'm I'm in a neighborhood where we try to keep up with everything. Uh I am oh about three blocks off a major road and uh a couple of blocks off another road that kind of runs. I guess you would say the neighborhood road it runs between the high school and the the commercial districts. And uh I'm over the northeast part of Dallas. It's a in a nice neighborhood. The houses here uh before the recession were running two hundred thousand or so. And course everything's down ten to twenty percent now. Yeah. See that's the same thing here. <SEP> But we have uh. One one thing that effects us is we have apartments that are probably about a half mile away. And now the economy is bad. They have trouble keeping those full. So they've dropped the uh. They're not nearly as selective as they used to be. Yeah. And course that's kind of like a cancer in an apartment complex. You start letting that happen and they go down. And then before you know it you have drugs and a lot of other things. So uh I'm sure that aggravates it also. Yeah. <SEP> But unemployment now in Dallas or in Texas is up around six point.
sw3862.txt:Hello. Hello. Hi. My name is Dolphene. I live in Texas. <SEP> Hi. My name is Pat Johnson. And I live in Te- Texas too. Okay. I work for T I. Do do you also? No. Okay. <SEP> No. I live in Dallas. I work for the Dallas school system. Oh okay. Uh you ready to begin? We might as well. Oh okay. Okay. <SEP> I understand we are doing care of the elderly right? Yes. And how do you feel about putting someone in the nursing home? Well I don't think that uh any of my relatives would really like to go there. I I believe if I am in a position uh like when my mother gets to a point where she needs special care that I will be able to just bring her into my home and my father also and uh or have someone go into their home you know and uh and look after them. <SEP> Uh-huh. That way. Yes. I would find it very difficult uh to uh place eit- my father or my step-mother uh in a place like that. Particularly since I know how they feel about it. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. It's basically it's more how they feel about it. Yes. And it is like they feel they are uh the way my mother would put it like somebody had thrown them away. You know? <SEP> Yes. I do think that there are some significant kinds of things to to look for you know if you are faced with placing someone. In a place like that uh you know aside from the cleanliness and the medical care that is offered and such. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. But attitude of staff makes such a tremendous difference. And I have a a friend who is partly paralyzed and is in a nursing home and has no family who you know could care for her. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I know that the cheerful pleasant people who treat her kindly make all the difference in the world in how she feels about uh her situation. Uh-huh. And another thing to think about uh on the positive side of the nursing homes here. I use to work in one of the offices in a nursing home. Uh-huh. And I got to see a lot of the things that they did. <SEP> Uh-huh. They uh they had a lot of crafts. Yes. And they had a lot of games. And uh they get together and just do they they do all sorts of things. And then there. Some some of the uh the people that are in there are real you know very nice and friendly to everybody. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh then there are others that are. Uh it is just a job. And they just you know want to go in and do what they have to do and get out go home. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh the the attitude of the staff as you said is really very very important. Uh-huh. <SEP> I think it would matter too uh kinds of uh disabilities that the nursing home accepts. Because there are some uh who poor things you know don't have uh any real grasp on reality any longer. Right. Right. <SEP> And they may be ambulatory. But they tend to behave like children small children. Yeah. And that would be very difficult I think for an adult who wasn't in that situation to to have to deal with on a daily basis. Yeah. <SEP> Uh. Well it is like wel- the one that I worked in uh you would see some of them just like in wheelchairs all day. They would just roll themselves around all over the place. And and they would enjoy enjoy themselves with activities. Yes. And then you would see see some of the others that are were like distant from the other group. And they they just didn't like participate together with the others because they had some some uh I guess uh slight mental disabilities and things like that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yes. What what do you call Alzheimer disease and stuff like that. <SEP> Yes. Alzheimer. Yes. And they don't don't uh they weren't really together with the rest of them when they got together for such activities. Yes. And that can.
sw2421.txt:Okay. So uh what do you think about it? Well um I guess I I'm more concerned about public safety than I am about the um the concern for the private uh the idea of preserving privacy for the individual um. Privacy. <SEP> Right. Because I can't really see why anyone um who has nothing to hide would object. Well there is always the uh the possibility even remote as it is of uh of mistaken uh of. <SEP> That's of course that is certainly true. Yeah. Yeah. And see that bothers me. I'm I'm a I mean I'm I'm very much for drug testing. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh I really am. I mean I'm going I'm going to take the negative side just for a second just to do it. Sure. Um see I have to take uh medication for a uh for for kidney transplant. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I'm going to be taking that the rest of my life. Now you. Sure. I don't know how that's going to affect uh. <SEP> If you had to have a drug test? Right. Yeah. I mean I haven't had one yet. Um T I. I work for Texas Instruments. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And and uh we you know we do have the random drug testing. But I've missed it so far. But I mean it in the back of my mind it always bothers me. And what happens if it you know if it if they catch it. They think that I'm you know I'm on drugs. And they send me and and have me uh you know go through this this thing you know. Checked out or whatever. Yeah. <SEP> But it seems to me that there are ways to accommodate that. Um. I agree that that some innocent person might be victimized by a false test. Uh-huh. But I would think that um that some guidelines could be set up to avoid that. For example that one uh positive would not be uh accepted as an automatic um reason for whatever they might be going to do if they found a positive uh dismissal or treatment or whatever but that that what it would do is it would trigger perhaps uh one or two more stages where further tests could be ta- uh done. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. Because um there are there must be people like you or in other circumstances that could come up with with uh false positives for certain kind of drugs. On the other hand um I think there's certainly some professions that ought to be tested because of the of their responsibility for the public welfare and certainly people in uh industries well the transportation industry for spe- uh you know specifically. Oh yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh yeah. <SEP> But um in many many cases whether or not an individual has a problem with drugs it's not even going to effect anybody but his uh you know himself and his own family perhaps um depending on the kind of drug he might be on. Right. But um and eventually that's going to show up anyway in the way he works and so on. Uh-huh. <SEP> But there's so many things that it would make a difference. I guess I I uh I would not want to have anyone in my family uh victimized by someone who you know a a bus driver or a train engineer or something like that who um you know hadn't been tested. Right. Well I you know I'm like I said I'm I'm very much pro testing um. And and this is why. Yeah. Uh number one is I I'm I'm kind of. I know this sounds like a slogan for the government. But I you know we are in a war against drugs. <SEP> Yeah. I mean it's it's horrible. Sure. I mean you don't know whether the person sitting next to you anywhere is on drugs or not. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And it takes some drastic steps at this point. And I think personally the drastic step has to be that um that you can't work if you continue taking drugs. <SEP> Yeah. I mean it's as simple as that. I mean make it so Well make it uh ma- not necessarily difficult. Make it difficult enough. But make it so that it's not glamorous. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's glamorous taking drugs. Or at least it seems that way. Yeah. According to what you you hear. Yeah. <SEP> The people who um have serious problems I mean. We have um. Really I guess we're kind of lucky. We really only know of one uh young man who uh who's a fam-. They go to our church. Uh-huh. And it's the son and so on. And he was friends with my children um. And he's really the only one that I know of personally who got himself really messed up um ha- having been involved with drugs. But I know of a number of other people who have you know gotten all messed up. Uh-huh. <SEP> Most of these are young people. I work in the education system. And so I have a little more contact with that. But um the effect that it's had on this young man's life is so dramatic that it's heartbreaking. Uh-huh. And he may never really be a productive member of society. But sadder than that he may never be able to have a normal happy life because it has strung him out so that he has anxieties now that are are almost uncontrollable. I mean he he puts himself in the hospital fairly regularly thinking that you know he he's not sure if he's going try to commit suicide or not. Huh. <SEP> I mean he's you know he's so messed up. Right. And um this was a nice sweet young man who teenager you know. And he's now a young man about twenty I guess who um just got really down the wrong path. Right. <SEP> And uh you know I don't know that that his problem would ever have been detected by drug testing. But seeing what drugs did to him makes me see makes me realize what it could do to people you know in the work force as well. Uh-huh. Um it's horrible. Well then. Let's let's answer the second half of the question. What limits ought to be put on it do you think? <SEP> Well the limits uh uh would I think have to do with what I'd alluded to before that there needs to be a further um that that one positive on a drug test would not constitute uh dismissal or grounds for whatever the company or agency might uh have set up for those who genuinely have a problem. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> In other words there needs to be um more than. Treatment before for dismissal type thing. Pard-. Yes. Right. Yeah. <SEP> There needs to be more than one test. And there needs to be some some measure of uh certainty before anything drastic happens. Uh-huh. There are lots of things that are involved there um such as perhaps insurance uh you know denial of insurance for someone um. Uh-huh. <SEP> And undoubtedly there are people who would be victimized by this um that would that you know. It would be unfair. And people who are on medication for example or um even people who might be of the gay community. And I'm not an advocate for that particular segment of society. But um I think that there doesn't need to be fuel to the fire for discrimination. Right. Because it makes a bigger problem. Um. So it seems to me that that um there needs to be some ground you know some rules that protect. Uh-huh. <SEP> I'm not sure though when we talk about what rules if any that we should say well certain segments should not have to be tested. I really don't see why. Personally I think that's what I was about to say is that everyone needs to be tested. And yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I don't I don't know why it would be you know uh bad to test just every-. It you know. And it may be you know. It's not feasible to do everyone. But certainly random testing the fact that people know that that they. That it could happen. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. Would be some measure of protection. But the bottom line is that that if if you're going to stay clean and straight then um you're you're going to do that because you want to. Right. <SEP> Really. Well there's yeah there there's going to be some measure of incentive uh reward or whatever. But the reward ultimately comes down to what you want. Yeah. So I I've got to agree with that. <SEP> So um. That's very true. Um. <SEP> Well it sounds like we agree anyway. Yeah. I think so. I think we I think we did pretty good. <SEP> Yeah. Well all right. Well uh I guess that's about it. I guess if that's all we've done. And I guess we've talked long enough. All right. <SEP> It was nice talking to you. It was it was talk nice talking to you too. Okay. Bye-bye. All right. Bye-bye.
sw3796.txt:Uh did you watch the Bulls this morning? You know what. I watched a little bit of uh of the Bulls game. And I uh had to leave. Uh in fact I I think the Bulls were ahead when I uh when I left. Who won the game? They won in a squeaker. They won by they won by two points. <SEP> Is that right? Uh they were behind as they headed into each quarter. And then they came back in the second half. And at the end I think they were uh looked they looked like they were closing it out. And then Detroit kept coming back. And uh Isaiah missed a three point attempt at the end. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I think the Bulls won by two. Wow they've got the don't they have the best record now? I think they do as a matter of fact. <SEP> Yeah. One of the uh commentators said that they expected that the Bulls would uh if they continued at their current pace uh set an N B A record for seventy wins in a season. Wow. Yeah. They looked real good. And. <SEP> They they do. And they you know. I think by uh by relieving some of the pressure off of uh of uh uh. Michael Jordan really helped them out. You know he doesn't have they don't have to rely on him to score ev- you know thirty or forty points at every at every game. Right. So. Yeah. Well they they're they're balancing their attack. And I think they look like uh they'll repeat although uh here in the Bay Area people are real impressed with what Don Nelson's done with the Warriors. <SEP> Oh I know. I'm. Yeah. I saw the w- I saw the Warriors uh just a little bit of the highlights of the Warriors uh Dallas game. I saw the the second half of the game last night. And they were impressive. They look good. Billy Owens looks like he was. That was a good move for the Warriors to trade for him. <SEP> Yeah. Now I don't uh I haven't kept up with what was going on with uh with the. Well they traded away uh Mitch Richmond. Or is it Tim Hardaway. One of the two uh who along with uh Chris Mullen was you know. Though three were three of the best in the N B A. And and they made a heck of a threesome. Uh-huh. And they traded either Richmond or Hardaway to Sacramento for Billy Owens. And uh. <SEP> Good move. Yeah. Oh yeah. He's really worked out well. They've got th- the Warriors have got a team uh. And uh I think that will be real interesting to see what they can do. They're ahead. And the Lakers are down I guess in fourth uh position in the west. And I don't know. Yeah. In the east I don't know uh. Is it Boston in uh first place? <SEP> Uh I think Boston's in first. Uh I you know I haven't kept up with any of the other uh teams. I'm so depressed with the Dallas Mavericks you know. Boy. They've had a hard time. They said they've lost a lot of squeakers. Oh man !. <SEP> That. Well yeah. But I mean just this whole year has been just disastrous for them. And uh you know they're going I I think they're going for an all time record of how many l- you know losses in a row they can they c- they can uh pull out. Yeah. It's unbelievable. How do people in Texas deal with Dallas Houston and San Antonio. Do you for example like San Antonio in Dallas? <SEP> Uh. Well actually actually the the the Dallas area here uh pulls for Dallas. Uh San Antonio pulls for San Antonio. And Houston pulls for for the Rockets. So there isn't much crossover huh. Y-. <SEP> There really. I mean not a whole lot. You know. I mean d- you find them they're find them be to be pretty loyal uh in with the local teams. Yeah. Uh you know it's kind of I guess it's kind of like uh there in the Bay area you know you don't find a whole lot of uh of Sacramento fans. Yeah. It's true. Because s- San Antonio isn't that close to you are they? <SEP> Really isn't. Uh-uh. No. It's you know it's it's about the same uh same distance from here to s- to San Antonio as it is from there to Sacramento. Is it? <SEP> Yeah. So it's not something you'd drive. So it's yeah it's not really a local you know. Yeah. I was thinking maybe David Robinson made a bit of a difference with kids and that sort of thing. <SEP> Uh he does a lot of local stuff there in San Antonio. And they I mean they have got a great club. You know. They've done a good job. I mean of course drafting a franchise like him certainly. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. That always makes a big difference. Yeah. I mean that's. So. I think the way it uh I think that's the way it works now in basketball. You you know Magic was a franchise for the Lakers and you know uh Bird for the for the uh Celtics. <SEP> Yeah. And. And you know uh you know I used to think that that one one player really doesn't make a club. But it really does you know. Well it. <SEP> You get somebody like Magic. And you can see the decline in that team. Well yeah. Once he left you know it's it's just not the same uh it's not the same team. There's not the leadership there that they used to rely on him for. Well I think you're right. And I think Isaiah Thomas would fit in Detroit. And I think those things do make a difference. And there are marquee players. And I think I think Jordan and the and the Bulls have to be uh considered the likely favorites. <SEP> Oh yeah. I don't know who would meet them in the west. Uh I don't know how good Portland will turn out to be by the end of the year. They were so disap-. Who won that Portland game? You know I wasn't I I d- I watched only a few minutes of it. And I wasn't paying attention. Uh and so I don't know uh. <SEP> Uh. But Phoenix you know Phoenix and Portland have both been very good clubs. And.
sw3680.txt:Tell me what you think about the Vietnam war. Okay. Well I'm a Vietnam era veteran. And uh I was uh fortunate not to have to serve in the theater. However my support roll in the service was to support those in the theater of operation. Uh. I'm of the old school that believes that uh the uh uh contracts that we made back years ago needed to be honored. However uh I think we could have executed the war and gotten it over a whole lot quicker. Uh. But those are my personal thoughts. And I think that if we'd let the generals run the war like we let the generals run World War Two we'd had got it over a whole lot quicker and lost a lot fewer people. But as it was the politicians ran the the Korean conflict and ultimately the Vietnam thing. And we managed to come out uh losers all the way around. And so this is what trigger- ultimately triggered us uh United States uh per se being uh deciding to get out of the role of world policeman. Your views. Uh as I understand it and I uh don't know a lot about it uh we got in there because of France. <SEP> Well. Uh France was there first. They had. We got into it because of SEATO agreement back just right after World War Two that uh we pledged a mutual uh uh defense of of the South Vietnamese. And as it turned out they were in a civil war one with another. And really we. I I question us you know now. Of course hindsight is all too clear. Sure. <SEP> Uh so we're we we have to have to deal with with the uh situation as as we played it. Jerry what did you think of people like uh Jane Fonda another war an- anti-war activist. I. Don't get me started on those people. You know before she before Jane Fonda did did what she did I thought she was a wonderful person. But after uh uh well. I I just don't have anything want anything to do with her any more. Because you support uh you support your government. Right or wrong? <SEP> Uh okay. Right or wrong. I don't think is is we can determine whether we were right or wrong. Because you're you're having to deal with again uh. I think we could have made a different agreement back in for- the for- the late forties era that would have kept of there. Uh-huh. Uh you know I I didn't realize that we'd signed some type of deal like that. I thought we came in as first advisors to the French and then they decided to pull out. And. <SEP> Can you hold just a second Terry? Sure. One moment please. Sure. Wonder what happens to this little beastie on call waiting or something. Huh fascinating. Well that's not. <SEP> Sorry for the delay. That's okay. Uh yeah. This is. The uh the the uh mutual defense thing was uh. We we. It was complicated. And I don't think everybody knows the whole situation. I don't. But from what I can gather is we went and said yeah we will help the South Vietnamese uh should they ask. Well the French went in and tried their old style warfare and uh got soundly thrashed. And we didn't do a whole lot better. Um. No. I had thought that they had uh colonies there or something. <SEP> Well yeah. That was the old French colony but see the French the French were our uh allies in NATO. Right. And they're also our allies in SEATO which was the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization which has since been uh disbanded as far as I know. You know NATO is is on the way of being disbanded. Uh. But uh the you know the French yeah. We go in as an ally to the French and says yeah we'll we'll help you out if you get in a bind. Well they got in a bind and says we don't want to you know play any more. Uh-huh. <SEP> So uh we we kind of we kind of got got the ball rolling ourselves versus a bunch of top secret silly organi- uh um oh operations and then the full scale you know full scale troops et cetera et cetera et cetera. Yeah. I'm thirty-two. So uh I bar-. Well I missed it. Seventy-four is when they quit sending troops. Uh yeah. Yeah. Roughly. Yeah. I was just probably three or four years.
sw2407.txt:Okay. Well. First of all I want to tell you I have two little kids. But they're not in public school yet. I I get I get that experience starting next fall with kindergarten. Ah. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. So you haven't really uh dealt with that in a sense. <SEP> No. But uh being one of these late in life mothers I've listened to everybody else's you know complaints as to wha- what's the matter with either their kids or the school system. Yeah. <SEP> So I've been surprised. Yeah. Do are do you have school age kids? Uh mine are both out of school. <SEP> Oh. And uh you know I I've in hindsight seen some things that I wished that you know I had done something about that was you know within my power or uh you know wish that in some ways we as parents had more control over what's happening up there you know type thing. <SEP> Such as? Uh well just over the years there were situations that uh uh came up that I didn't think were fair or handled correctly. Or the teachers didn't seem to be teaching anything. Of course it's a little hard to tell from the information that you get from your child you know. Uh-huh. They they bring things home. And I was never one to believe everything my kids said you know about something. <SEP> But uh still I I questioned the ability of some of the teachers to uh really do a bang-up job. And yet others I know are just wonderful. Well I heard a a frightening thing. Actually I didn't hear it. It was told to me or suggested to me uh that to work as a teacher in the public school systems in the state of Texas. And I think it's similar in in many other states if you have a degree in a technical field you do not need a teaching certificate because there is such a shortage of uh people to teach math and sciences. Huh. <SEP> And somebody said well you know you could go in and and substitute teach at seventy-five dollars a day. And there's always going to be you know somebody having a need for a math or science teacher. I thought Christ they're letting me in to you know. Yeah. This would be this would be frightening. I don't know anything about it. That's pretty interesting because just just because you know a subject matter doesn't mean you can teach it. <SEP> Right. <SEP> Right. And even if I knew how to teach the subject matter I don't know if I'd know how to handle that kind of a a group of kids. Oh yeah. In fact I think that's that's one of the big problems today is the the way the kids behave or act and and the way they are sometimes disinterested in what's going on in the class and disruptive. I tell you what I'm finding frightening. And this comes from you know the the aging hippie near forty mother. So I went through this period of supposedly you know cosmic social enlightenment. <SEP> I'm on I'm in the Plano school system and living in Richardson. And there is a real dichotomy in terms of educational and economic background of the kids that are going to be attending this school. Uh-huh. And I used to think well that's wonderful. You know they can get a real life experience. What I'm seeing now uh in terms of kindergarten preparedness just from in in in different preschools it's like day and night. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I wonder how do they handle a child who is obviously very ready and another child who doesn't even speak English let alone know her colors. Yeah. And they're in the same classrooms. And I guess also you're going to see the first of the uh crack kids starting kindergarten. My God I think it would be next year is what I'd read. I thought well how do you how do you weed those out? Yes. Some of those certainly have a lot of dis- difficulties you know with uh all sorts of things. <SEP> And I would imagine their learning disabilities are quite large in some cases. When I was listening to N P R the National Public Radio. And they've quoted statistics that I just about my throat just about fell into my toes. They said at the bottom of the S A T scores of graduating college seniors are usually those people that go into education. Oh wow. <SEP> Yes. That's encouraging. Yes. And I and I I got to thinking back when I was teaching college chemistry the people that took you know the lower level courses I sometimes wondered you know are they really even educatable or trainable. And it. My God you know i-. Are the rest of us who went for the big bucks you know staying out of you know where maybe we should be kind of socially obligated to spend some time teaching or something with these kids? Yeah. <SEP> I don't know. Well that's you know that's an idea. Maybe there need to be some radical changes made. Do some things that are totally different and unheard of. Well you know you you sit here. And you think about that. At the same time you think God I hope I don't sound like a stage mother because right now if you ask my friends t- put twenty mothers in a room and ask them how many have gifted children you're going to have twenty hands you know up there. <SEP> Oh you're kidding. Oh no. Nobody has nobody has a nongifted child. <SEP> And I keep thinking you know gifted is is Einstein or you know uh musical prodigies. It's it's not a kid who's you know precocious. Yeah. You know what has you know has has the educational system been watered down to that anybody who's above average is now gifted? Huh. <SEP> I don't know. That's interesting. I don't know. Mine didn't did not fall into the gifted category. Oh don't say that. Nope. And I would never had said so either. Uh but uh they managed to get through although not always with flying colors. Uh in fact one of the incidents I was thinking of that my son had. Uh he was struggling with senior English. And I had a meeting with the uh vice principal and the English instructor. And uh she showed me a paper that he had just handed in. And she told me what she had requested. And I read it. And while it had you know a few little grammatical problems it wasn't very long and so forth. I thought it had some nice well thought out uh parts to it. <SEP> Uh-huh. She gave him an F on that paper. And I thought well now here you have a student who is trying to pass who is struggling with your subject. And you give them an F on something that doesn't seem that bad to me. What are you telling that student? You're telling them that hey you might as well forget it you know. Well you see I think that that harks right back to the elementary and junior high years. Because I have a stepson now who's twenty-five. And uh I was just absolutely shocked uh the first time that I saw his schoolwork. Uh I remember being you know taught. And I think you know you have to teach how to write an answer and you know how to construct a thought process. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you know they can get a they can grasp the points. Can they convey the data verbally or in writing. And that's what's you know really scary to me. Uh I would really you know. There's such a a push among young mothers these days to make sure their child is computer literate. I would really think that they should be stressing more can the kid write a thought and at an early age. And if they can't I mean if they have missed that training then somebody you know before you're you're start penalizing them with bad grades for not being able to communicate what they're thinking teach them these basic skills. Yeah. It's pretty sad to think uh about those who even today are graduating from school. And they are telling that they don't know how to read you know. Well my stepson you know I he went into the Navy or Air Force. I just really get my military. I married into a military family. <SEP> And I don't know. I re- address them all as generals. So I don't offend anybody. But uh you know fortunately for him he wasn't dumb. But boy he sure had trouble you know putting things on on paper. Yeah. <SEP> And one of the things that that they did for him. They tested him. And they said that he's you know great in electronics. But he you know he's really does need the basic skills. And they put him through six months of composition writing in addition to all his electronic training. And at that point he has now graduated from warfare electronics school with honors. Oh. This is the kid who who really you know barely made it through high school. Yeah. <SEP> And I keep thinking you know it's not it's really not too late at any point to do you know some-. That's interesting that the military saw that and did something about it. Yes. You would have expected them to be the last ones to. <SEP> Yes. And I kind of have always pooh-poohed military educations. But I think that for this kid it's going to be you know his lifesaver. Otherwise he might have been driving trucks or framing houses you know from here to eternity. Yeah. So I don't know. <SEP> You know it does make me nervous. Well I can see why if you've got little ones just coming along. There's a a whole lot of stuff going on out there. There is a whole lot of stuff going on out there. And and part of me says I just would like to you know shut my eyes and pretend it doesn't you know go on. Or send them to private schools. And then the you know the old social conscience says you know I'm not working I don't need to work. Maybe I should volunteer to you know teach what I know. Yeah. <SEP> Maybe adult literacy. Maybe you know composition writing. Maybe you know uh volunteering you know on a tutor line or though the even through the elementary schools for help with homework. Or the other part of me says is God I've had enough kids. Do I reall-.
sw3688.txt:Okay um. Do you have any pets now? Well we don't right now. No. We've uh. I grew up with uh with pets. <SEP> My folks and I always had a dog and a cat some birds. Yeah. <SEP> But uh right now we don't have anything. Oh okay. Um that. What about you? A matter of choice or compulsion? <SEP> Well we've just uh. It seems like we've always been at a place where we'd have to go away for the summer or something. And uh it was never convenient to have anything. Yeah. <SEP> We were thinking about getting a dog if we get into a house. Yeah. Uh someplace where there you know. We can take care of it and everything. We've got some children who would just really uh enjoy having an animal you know a dog I think. Yeah. <SEP> And What about you all? Yeah. Well right now I'm a student. And campus housing does not even allow thinking about that. <SEP> Oh no. No. We almost got chased out of here for feeding a stray cat. Is that right? Yeah. They're very strict about it. <SEP> But you like uh you like pets and things? Oh I love animals. Oh yeah. I was raised. Our house when I when I was growing up there was almost never uh at least one cat in the house. <SEP> Uh-huh. It was al- almost always at least one cat sometimes you know like fifteen or twenty. But uh always cats in the house. Oh yeah. We we enjoyed them. Oh. <SEP> We like we like pets. But uh you know you've got to deal with uh taking care of them and and feeding them and everything like that. Yeah. And our kids are. We've got some children. And they're not not used to it you know on a daily basis. They they uh. How old are your kids? <SEP> Oh from fourteen down to seven. Okay. You sound like you've got some small ones in the background. One. <SEP> Is that right? Our first. He's about te- eleven weeks now. Oh great. Yeah. <SEP> Congratulations. Yeah. Where are you from? Uh originally? <SEP> Uh-huh. West Virginia. Okay. Um I don't know how familiar you are with that area of the country. But. <SEP> I've been to Charleston. Charleston West Virginia? Yes. Uh-huh. Okay. That's pretty much the south end of the state or the southern quarter of the state anyway? <SEP> Uh-huh. Okay. In the north end of the state you've got that little narrow strip of West Virginia going up between Ohio and Pennsylvania. Uh-huh. Right at the base of that northern peninsula is my hometown. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well that's yeah that's interesting. So it's really up north in the country really. Yeah. <SEP> I guess so. Yeah. It's. Well um my parents' house is like three miles south of where the Mason-Dixon Line would have hit the Ohio River had it continued that far. Gosh. <SEP> I see. So. It's pretty nice country up there? Oh it's beautiful. <SEP> Hills or what? Uh well from my neck of the woods it's hilly. Uh-huh. Um you know uh maybe three hundred four hundred feet elevation uh type variations from the valleys up to the hills the hilltops. <SEP> Uh-huh. Is it farmland? Um not a lot of farmland there. Mostly it's uh. I mean you know there's you know individuals with their own own f- uh growing their own food. Uh most of the agriculture it's more in the way of uh sheep and cattle. <SEP> Oh yes. And even that's you know small time mostly. Sure. Uh the biggest chunk of what's going on there is is uh industry. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's coal mines and chemical plants and power plants. Okay. Uh aluminum plants. There's like two aluminum plants. <SEP> What are you what are you studying there at Heidelberg? Computer engineering. Oh yeah. What year? Uh just finished up my fourth semester. <SEP> Well great. Yeah. Yeah. I hope that works out well. Yeah. It's a big change. <SEP> Yeah. I spent twenty years as a mechanic. What's. So. <SEP> Oh did you? Yeah. Well you've got some experience behind you in the work force. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Are you uh shooting for a bachelor's now or a master's or what? I'm working on a bachelor's degree. Oh okay. Good. I'm working on a bachelor's degree. It'll be compu-. <SEP> Hope it's a good program there. Pardon? Hope it's a good program there. Uh it seems to me from what I've been able to find out. <SEP> Yeah. Good. That's considered a pretty good program. It's nice and small which means you know if you don't get the class this semester then you've got to wait or three or four s- you know anywhere from two to four semesters to get it again. Huh. But uh i- it's worth it once you get it. <SEP> Well yes. That's good. And probably a good uh student teacher ratio and things. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Most the class are pretty small. <SEP> Good. That works out real well. Well I I was wondering what if you all were to get a pet like if you were to move into an apartment. Or a house somewhere what would you get? Uh well um first off we'd probably wind up with a a cat or maybe a puppy. <SEP> Uh-huh. I I I'm partial towards the larger dogs. Uh-huh. Um our last we've we've had a couple of cats before we moved on campus. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh had a hamster or two. And they they got to be a lot of fun. A hamster. <SEP> Oh yeah. Uh it's amazing how much character.
sw2565.txt:There we go. Right. Well actually I'm a I'm a Dodgers fan from way back. <SEP> Oh. Um. How way back I mean. Like um late fifties early sixties. <SEP> Okay. So Wally Moon moon shots and all that. What's that? Yeah. Coliseum Wally Moon and all that. Yeah. <SEP> Okay. Yeah. It's a um. I I'm living in just west of Baltimore and Frederick um which is also just west of Baltimore has a minor league team. And uh and Wally Moon is the manager of them. Is that right? Yeah. So he's still kicking around. That's interesting. Yeah. I I also lived eight years in Ohio before going to uh going away to college. And I used to go watch the Toledo Mudhens. <SEP> Oh I saw them. Um um I was out there last Summer. And I saw a game at Ned Skelton. Is that the stadium? Uh I couldn't tell you for sure. It's been a long time. Oh okay. So um there used to be a uh race track. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. It was. That was impression I got when I was there. So. Yeah. I think that's right. Okay. Yeah. So had a lot of fun. Actually I mean I like minor league baseball a lot. It's cheaper for one thing. Well that's true. I think I've kind of become a Rangers fan over the last eleven years since I've been here. Uh they've led the American league in batting fielding and pitching. But they've never been able to do more than one of those in any any given year. So. <SEP> Yes. I think they're in for a odd year this year. Actually um they um. I don't understand why Encovilla got released. I don't either. I mean the guy's twenty twenty-five home rums maybe thirty eighty some R B I-s. I mean he you know he can't field. And you know he strikes out a lot. But I mean he's done that for five years. Why get rid of him now? Really I mean he really has become a a very decent fielder. <SEP> Oh yes. Okay. He's not a the liability that he was that he used to be. Oh okay. Um. <SEP> Oh he fits right in with Texas bunch of guys I mean with Detroit bunch of guys that hit home runs and strike out a lot. Yeah. Of course get a guy like Cecil Fielder you know. If he strikes out a lot so what. Yeah. Well I mean with Detroit I mean they can get away with one guy like that. I mean if I if I were in Detroit I would start building the team around Fielder. Oh yeah. <SEP> But that doesn't mean get three other guys who hit all they can do is hit home runs and strike out you know which they did. Right. Yep. <SEP> So. Well I think the key for for L A this year is whether Oral Herschiser can come back. I think the pitching's deep enough that it doesn't matter. It may be. <SEP> I I like them a lot. I think they're going to go all the way. Um and and I mean by saying I like them I like their chances. I I actually don't like the Dodgers. I'm a Giants fan from way back. Right. Right. Well picking up Darrell Strawberry didn't hurt. <SEP> No. But Butler didn't hurt either. Uh and Bobby Ojeda didn't hurt. And. Uh who's the last one. Bobby Ojeda. They got him from the Mets for Hubie Brooks. Oh okay. <SEP> Um he's a a pretty decent pitcher. He's. Yes he is. Okay. You know he. Yes. <SEP> And uh that guy the short stop is going to be good. Yeah. Um. Well it should be an interesting year. <SEP> Yeah. I'm looking. I've already been to one game. And I should have been to two. But. Are you an Orioles fan? Um the the team I live and die with actually is the Red Sox mostly die. But um I go to the Orioles since they're here. And I you know I do enjoy them. Yeah. <SEP> Um I've had an opening day on Monday. Yeah. You know I kind of wish that they had inter league play like they do in all the other sports so I could see some of the National League teams here once in a while. How far is Houston? Uh three hundred miles. <SEP> Oh okay. Keep forgetting how big states are out there sometimes. Yeah. It is it's incredible. Yeah. I um. You know we're we're pretty lucky because if I want to see a National League team I can usually go up to Philadelphia. There you go. <SEP> And um saw saw the Cardinals and Cubs last year and a bunch of teams the year before. Boy you are a baseball fan aren't you. Okay. Uh yeah. Interesting. <SEP> Um I try to see whatever I can. I mean I've been to like thirty or forty games each of the last few years. Wow. Yeah. Hope I'm going to do it this year because um uh having a kid this fall. So it's like so much for going to lots of baseball games. All right. <SEP> So so do it while you can. Yeah. Seriously. Sure. Well it's been good talking with you. <SEP> Yeah. Good talking with you. And and you'll be happy I think in October when the Dodgers win. I wouldn't mind it. Yeah. I'll be I'll be upset probably even though my prediction will be right. Yeah. Well God bless. And good talking with you. <SEP> And good talking with you. Take care. Bye-bye. Bye.
sw3781.txt:Well I suppose we both have credit cards. Uh-huh. Yeah. They seem to be a part of life. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. How do you use them? Well I do use them. Uh-huh. Uh I have a few favorites that I use more than others. And uh I try to keep my balances fairly reasonable. I I could probably pay them off any month if I wanted to. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh but occasionally they can get out of hand and get higher when when you start using more than a few. Uh-huh. And uh they all can build up. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh I think they're handy. I just get uh. I don't carry a lot of cash with me. Uh-huh. And uh I hate writing checks when you go shopping. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. Well do you use credit cards? <SEP> Yeah. I use a few. I uh I watched my grandmother go into debt on them. Uh-huh. And so I've. And then I guess my mother. Grandmother. <SEP> Huh? Yeah. So my mother learned from that. And I guess she taught me to be very very careful with them. So basically uh I just keep them. I use them so that I build up a credit rating you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> But otherwise uh I generally. And my husband it turns out. I've just been married seven months. But he has the same habit. And we just keep a few you know few of the major ones and then use them once in a while for something. That's good. But we always pay it off right that month so that we don't pay any service charge. Oh that's That's wonderful. <SEP> So that way we keep out of debt. And we keep on top of what we're spending. Well the interest rates in credit cards is so high now compared to what your savings is bringing. <SEP> Yeah. It's really I guess ridiculous to let them keep building. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I feel. So. But I know some people can get get you know carried away with them and let them get out of hand. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's really easy just to forget you know that you you charged that or charged that. I try to keep all my receipts and keep them in someplace where I know that the bill's going to come. But sometimes I forget. And so you know s- a bill will come in. And I'll think oh no I didn't know it was going to be that high. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh- yeah. But so far I've been able to we've been able to pay it off every time. So. Well that's good. I'm looking right now I'm k- kind of looking for a Visa that has a lower interest rate. It seems that some of them have gotten higher. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh I saw on T V they had a program on uh credit cards. And they're supposed to. I don't know if it was Tennessee or Arkansas or some some other state had a Visa card that was the lowest one in the country. And I didn't write it down at the time. Uh-huh. And then I went and looked and to see what my visa was. And I think it's eighteen percent or something. <SEP> Um. So think I want to find something that has a lower rate. Yeah. <SEP> Have you ever used Discover card? No. I haven't. Yeah. I'm not even sure what their interest rate is since I pay it off. But you know. Is that the one from Sears? <SEP> Uh I think Sears originally put it out. Okay. But it's uh it's pretty well taken all over the U S now. I mean uh I've haven't found many places that don't take Discover. And there's no annual service fee which is good. Okay. <SEP> You know and then uh they also give you they say cash back uh like at the end of the year. For the amount that I charge I get two dollars back or something. Uh-huh. But if you use credit cards a lot you probably get more back. Oh they give you money back for using your credit card. <SEP> Yeah. Basically. Oh. That's it. I didn't know that. <SEP> And I think the service charge is pretty low too. But I'm not sure. Um. Well you know Sears was one of the few department stores that never would take any other credit cards. Uh-huh. I worked w- at Sears for over ten years. And uh it was only a Sears card that they would take until I guess they decided to join the club and come up with their own credit card another credit card that was accepted. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So you know now they'll take the Discover. But I still don't know if Sears will take Visa or Mastercard. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh I never did apply for a Discover card. Yeah. I just figure with the Visa and American Express I probably have an. <SEP> Uh-huh. I can do enough damage with those two. Yeah. I think it's best to keep the number down that you have. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. So. I've got some that I you know I haven't even used at all uh past few years. I probably wouldn't be able to use them. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh I I do like my Dillard's. I have to admit that's one of my favorite places to shop. Uh-huh. And I do use Dillard's probably as more than any of the other department stores. <SEP> Uh-huh. But. Yeah. Well Do you have anything else to say? Well. <SEP> No. Not too much more about credit cards. Okay. I don't think I do either. So. Okay. Well. <SEP> Well it was good talking to you. Good talking to you Beth. Okay. Good luck. <SEP> Have a good evening. You too. Bye-bye. Bye.
sw3130.txt:Hi. Good morning. Good morning. Do you have recycling in Sachse? <SEP> Yes. We do. We've got uh a pickup twice a week that they come out. Do. And they have their own special bin that they hand it out to everybody. And they take it. Oh really? <SEP> Uh-huh. And it's twice a week? Uh-huh. Really? We have recently started uh a bin program here in Plano where uh. <SEP> Used to be we we put all of our trash in green bags and the trash men came out twice a week and picked up. And now they have uh these large green containers. And you have to put your trash that you don't recycle in there. And then they haven't started curbside recycling yet. But they're but they're planning on doing it very soon. Apparently the trucks that they had um lined up they needed the parts for Saudi Arabia. <SEP> Oh. And so that put off the program for a while. But uh do you recycle? Um my kids do. Do they? Uh-huh. <SEP> Put it that way. They they've been recycling cans for extra money. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So that's that's been their summer money. And they're fixing to go to Disneyland. So. Oh well. <SEP> So. That's great. Yeah. Well that's the way we started too. My daughter was going to Camp Goddard um which is through the Plano school system you know in the fall couple of years ago. <SEP> Uh-huh. And she had to earn money for it. And she was too young to baby-sit. So that's how she started. She started recycling cans. And from there we now recycle glass and newspapers and uh aluminum cans and plastics. <SEP> Really? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Is is that the same way as with the aluminum cans where you go. And they weigh it or whatever. <SEP> And. No. The only thing we get paid for are the aluminum cans. Um. Um the rest of it we just do because my husband has become hooked on recycling. <SEP> And so you know we don't get paid for that. But that's okay. Yeah. You know it's it's not that much of a bother really. You just have to rinse out your bottles or whatever. And we use a lot of two liter bottles. Um and like milk cartons and things like that. <SEP> It's amazing how much plastic you generate. Yeah. I was amazed at how many cans that we got. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Because when the kids first went down I said that you know that's great. And I was thinking you know maybe I'd help supplement it you know when they turned them in. Uh-huh. But it's amazing how many cans you go through. And how fast they accumulate. Yeah. It really is. <SEP> Well all that stuff. And how much how much we have reduced our waste. You know that we we're generating a week. Uh-huh. Um I know our neighbors when we first went to this bin program said oh there's no way you know we're going to have to have pickup twice a week. They were real upset. But they weren't they were only picking up once a week. And we said to them if you recycle you'll you know you'll go two weeks without having to put out the green container. <SEP> Yeah. And uh it's it's really amazing. The other thing he does that my husband a real stickler about is we don't collect our grass clippings. Really. No. He he got a little mulcher thing. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's just a little attachment for the lawn mower. And we mow once a week. You know no no more often then that. And then the clippings just get mulched up and then just lay on the on on the uh the lawn. And it's amazing. It's amazing. We don't collect any of that. And that that has cut down a lot in what we throw out. Yeah. We don't e- we don't catch it either mainly because my husband rarely has time to mow the yard. So if it mows gets mowed I do it normally. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I can't mow the yard with the grass catch on it. It's too heavy. Yeah. <SEP> So I just m- I just mow it and leave it. Yeah. It just soaks in. Sure it does. Sure it does. It really does. And it. Actually they say that you're wasting fertilizer if you're not uh if you're catching your grass clippings. <SEP> Uh-huh. That that's that much fertilizer you have to use because it does fertilize the lawn. It's amazing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Oh I like it better doing it. Well one. It cuts down on my mow time anyway. Uh-huh. That's true. And you zip through it quicker. That's true. That's true. Well I I really think you're going to get hooked on plastics and paper before you know it. <SEP> Proba- we probably will. It's it's really not that much trouble. We keep a large plastic uh just a you know a garbage bag in the garage. Yeah. And as soon as we use something you know we crush it up and put it out there. And then you know every few weeks we have recycling a recycling center like near Wal-Mart. <SEP> Uh-huh. They're they have the containers that you can just go over there and drop it in. And it's really no trouble. And uh I feel like at least we're doing something. <SEP> Yeah. You know um I read a book one time or a m- a magazine article. And they said something about how you don't realize even just your small contribution it seems like a small contribution. But it's not. If everyone were to recycle just their newspapers they would s- save thousands and thousands of trees a day. A day just from not throwing out your newspapers. Really. And uh when you read that you think well gee maybe it is a big deal you know. <SEP> What what makes me sick is is when they show the dump sites you know and and how big they are. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Or like in New York the barges that that go up and down the the river. Yes. <SEP> Yeah. And they don't have any place to put it. And it just floats in the. It's like ugh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that's and that's really not necessary. <SEP> No. It really isn't. If everybody would do just a little bit it would make a big difference. It would make a huge impact. So I'm excited about the recycling program in Plano. I I can't wait for them to get it started. Um because it'll be that much easier for us. You know like I said now we have to take it over to to Wal-Mart. It would be real nice if they just came by and just picked up. <SEP> Yeah. It it's it's convenient out here for them to do it. Um. Now what what do they pick up? It's just. <SEP> They pick up the the plastic the glass and the newspaper. Oh they do? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And do you have to sort that? <SEP> And they will do the alum-. Or do you just put it all in. No. You just put it in the one bin. And and I guess they do the sorting. But um they'll do the aluminum cans too. But we don't give them those. Right. Right. <SEP> The kids keep those. So. So you're doing that now? You're doing the newspapers and the glass? Uh-huh. Well we don't we don't take the newspaper to begin with. When neither one of us are home t- to read it. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> So we don't have the newspapers but the the plastic and the glass. At first when it first started it it it was hard. You know because you're just used to throwing things. Uh-huh. My husband would come home and go through the trash and say you threw this away. <SEP> Uh !. <SEP> He would get he would get all upset. And I'd say. It's just such an automatic reaction. And now we think before we throw anything away. It is. I mean it's really funny. We we really. Once you get into the habit of it it's okay. It's just it's just making it a habit that's hard. <SEP> Oh I know. Well the kids have even got to the point where they if they see anybody going in the trash can with a can you know they they're oh no don't do that. And they go to the sink they rinse them out and they put them upside down they let them drain. And and then uh after a couple of days they take them all outside. Uh-huh. And I put them in a big bag anyway. Uh-huh. <SEP> And then they dump the bag out. And then they crush them. So that's their activity thing. To go out there and crush. Uh-huh. That's fun. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> So. Yeah. Oh that's a lot of fun. Yeah. That's a lot of fun. Well that's great. Well I'm to hear you're doing that. <SEP> I. My sister was here recently from Connecticut. And they have a deposit on all their bottles and cans. Oh really?
sw2499.txt:Okay. All right. What have you seen? The latest movie I've seen that I thought was fantastic was DANCES WITH WOLVES. <SEP> That's. I knew you were going to say that. I wanted I want to go see that. Oh man. I I just finally ended up going to see it uh. And one day my husband had the kids. And I just went because we couldn't we could never get to go see it together because it's so long. By the time we had a babysitter for that long. <SEP> Gosh. So I finally just went to see it. And I just thought it was fantastic. Yeah. I I I watched uh Costner on the Academy Awards. I was really happy that he got. I was hoping he was going to get Best Actor. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Uh but he he he did pretty good on that one. That was quite a. The buffalo scene in that thing was so real. Yeah. It's like. I mean it just blew me away. <SEP> Yeah. I'd I bet. Yeah. There're several of them that are out right now that I want to see. Uh DANCES. Uh SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. Yeah. <SEP> Uh I'm I'm afraid to go see that one. That one looks so scary just from the previews. I thought gosh I'd probably have nightmares for the next six months. <SEP> Nay. It's supposed to be good though. Nay. That's what people said. I know some friends who went to see it. <SEP> Yeah. They said it was really riveting. Yeah. Well you know they they that's what they said about THE EXORCIST you know. No no. It's terrible. You'll have nightmares you know. I watched last weekend. Me and my roommate. We we laughed about it. Well you're not a thirteen year old. I don't know. I saw it when I was a kid. And I thought oh man. <SEP> Well I'll tell. Well I guess I I guess it was because I'd read the book before I saw the movie. Oh uh-huh. And the book to me was far more frightening than the movie was. Oh really. Huh. Gosh. <SEP> Yeah. He's a very good writer. And he had a way of putting you in that scene you know. It was. Oh boy. Yeah. And of course I was I was living alone at the time. And it was late at night and scary and you know. You start hearing noises you know. Gosh. Call the crisis line. <SEP> Yeah. I bet. And there's rats in the attic you know. Oh gosh. <SEP> Uh let's see. There was a couple of others that are out. And I can't remember. I saw one I thought was crummy. With that new uh Michael J Fox movie THE HARD WAY. Where he plays a a actor that's uh like th- huh. <SEP> Yeah. I I didn't I didn't even like the previews on that. Oh I know. It was. Well I ended up at the theater. And there was didn't seem to be anything else on I wanted to see. So I'll try that. But it wasn't worth anything. I didn't care for that at all. <SEP> No. I I don't much care for Michael J Fox anyway. Yeah. Well the last two I saw him in one of those BACK TO THE FUTURE PART THREE deals. And that was crummy also. I didn't think that was any good. <SEP> Yeah. So. I saw the original BACK TO THE FUTURE. And then I I know. I hardly ever go see a sequel. Yeah. <SEP> I mean I think I think the only I've ever seen a sequel was TWO THOUSAND AND ONE. Oh boy. Uh TWO THOUSAND AND TEN was far better. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> TWO THOUSAND AND ONE was a good movie if you had read the book. Well I hadn't read it. And I couldn't figure what was going on half the time. So. Yeah. No. Nobody could figure it out. I mean the the book was so much uh. Yeah. <SEP> There's just things. All you can do is put it in words. You can't put it in pictures. Yeah. Yeah. You know a lot of that stuff that was going on in the film you co- say what is this? <SEP> You know what's the significance of the apes you know. Yeah. Yeah. I should probably go back and read the book now that I just saw the movie again not too long ago. Oh the book is really good. I mean I I keep a little library of books that I just like to read over and over again. And that's one of them. Wow. Huh. <SEP> It's it's so well written. Huh. Well I have one I bet you haven't seen if you don't have kids. OTIS AND MILO. Oh you're right. I haven't. Oh that is that is the most precious movie. It has w- to see it on the big screen because it's just the most gorgeous nature scenes you've ever seen in your life. And it's all this. It's the story of this little cat and dog. And it's not like cutesy. It's just uh it's just so realistic. Everything they do. You wonder how in the world they ever got them to do some of these things. <SEP> Huh. Oh those. And it was A real dog and cat. A real dog and cat? <SEP> Huh. And all the other animals. They initially start out in the barnyard kind of setting where they're raised. And then the cat gets um on this treacherous journey. He climbs into a box and ends up floating down this river. And he winds up all over creation. I don't know where in the world it is. Somewhere in China somewhere I think that it was filmed. Huh. But uh it's just really an incredible thing. <SEP> So- sounds sort of like the incredible journey. Yeah. It was pretty wild. And. Of course the only sound is Dudley Moore narrates it. Uh-huh. But there's no you know nothing else to keep it going. But it really keeps keeps me going. <SEP> Huh. I I've seen it twice now. Yeah. Th- that sounds a lot like a Walt Disney film. Huh? <SEP> Sounds a lot a like a Walt Disney film. Yeah. It was like the best of the Walt Disney ones. Walt Disney's kind of gotten worse in my opinion over the past few years. Oh yeah. Not anymore. I mean I I I was raised on Walt Disney films. You know. Yeah. <SEP> OLD YELLER. Uh BIG RED. Yeah. All those old good ones that you you know wish they had on more now. Yeah. But. <SEP> When I was a little kid I saw the INCREDIBLE JOURNEY on Christmas Eve. And it was so good that I had forgotten that it was Christmas Eve. Oh boy. Huh. <SEP> I mean that's something for a kid. That's pretty good. Really. <SEP> And that was something for greedy old me at Christmas time I'll tell you. Let's see. What are some other ones I've seen lately. I'm trying to remember. I can't. Oh I just saw one on the video. Oh um have you seen THE GODS MUST BE CRAZY PART TWO? No. That is a riot. <SEP> Is it? Yeah. The first one was really good. But the second one is really good too. I was really surprised. <SEP> Yeah. I didn't much care for the first one. Maybe that's. No. I thought it was funny. But that's my sense of humor. Well I I'll have to go get that one I guess. It's hard to find movies that aren't terrible violent or terribly bunch of sex going on anymore. And I'm just I guess I'm just middle America or something. I just go to be entertained. And and not really interested in some of the like the TERMINATOR or some of the Schwarzenegger stuff. <SEP> Yeah. It's it's Yeah. I just. I get so tired of you know these you know sequels. Number nine number ten number fourteen. Yeah. <SEP> FREDDY'S REVENGE PART TWENTY-FIVE or whatever. Yeah you know. Yeah you know. Yeah. I've never. <SEP> FREDDY EATS A NUCLEAR WARHEAD you know. I I'm just. I'm so sick and tired of that. I just can't believe it. It's like ROCKY films. I I haven't seen a one. Yeah. Yeah. I've never seen any of those. <SEP> I can't stand Stallone. Yeah. I can't either. He seems so macho I just. Yeah. And I I was afraid that RAMBO was going to do the same thing that ROCKY was going to do you know. Go into fourteen hundred episodes. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Now I don't I hardly ever watch T V. If I ever get the hankering to see something I've got I don't know maybe about thirty or forty movies. And I just. Yeah. When they're so cheap too at the video stores that you can. <SEP> Yeah. I don't even rent them. You know. You don't? I I figure if I find a movie I like I'll buy it. Cause I just watch them over and over again. That's like. My husband does that. He can watch them over and over. <SEP> Yeah. I. And I'm. There's very few I would want to see that many times. So he he once he has one he likes he likes to watch it over and over. Yeah. My my very favorite one that the top of the tick for me is uh EXCALIBUR. Oh yeah. That was a good one. I haven't seen that one in a long time. <SEP> I I loved that film. Um. It's just so well done. Yeah. And I lived over in England for four years. Oh boy. <SEP> That was the first place I ever saw it. Uh-huh. And it was just gosh. It was so good. Oh gosh. <SEP> It was it was filmed in Ireland. Huh. And they got pretty scenery in Ireland. Yeah. I bet. <SEP> Yeah. It's nice. Gosh. And I I've been down to the south of England where supposedly King Arthur's castle was. Oh boy. So that really has a lot of meaning for you to see that. <SEP> Yeah. It was yeah it was unimpressive to look at. I mean the whole thing was about the size of a a medium house. Yeah. It wasn't. Oh really. Well when I was in England years ago. And I went to to like Shakespeare's and you know Stratford-On-Avon and all that. Oh yeah. And it was like you couldn't stand up inside of it. Because it was so short. <SEP> Yeah. The ceilings were so short. Yeah. But. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. There's some nice stuff over there to see. Yeah. I I spent four years traveling around and didn't see you know hardly anything. I just. Oh boy. <SEP> I need to go over there and stay about twenty years so I can just travel. Go around all the places. Yeah. <SEP> Stonehenge of course you know. Every everybody makes the obligatory trip to Stonehenge. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Big deal. Here's some rocks sitting out in the middle of a field. Okay. It's boring. Did you see any movies over there? <SEP> I remember I went to see DON QUIXOTE over there when it came out. It came out right around the time with Sophia Loren. And that was a riot to see that. You know something. I come to think of it I don't think I went to the movies one time. Yeah. Cause when you're touristing you probably don't want to take the time to go see a movie. <SEP> I uh. Where I lived. Uh it was a little town called Newmarket. About seventy miles north of London. Huh. Oh boy. <SEP> And there was another town called Barry Saint Edmunds about twenty miles away from us. Uh-huh. And they had a little uh theater company there. And we use to go go out to that about once a week. Oh boy. <SEP> Yeah. A really nice place. You know amateurs but really quite good. Yeah. Uh but that was interesting. Course go to London quite a lot and see shows down there. That sounds great. <SEP> Yeah. Uh but other than that I just didn't have time to go to the movies you know. Yeah. <SEP> Never sho- any anyway anything that I ever wanted. I rented a lot of videos. Uh-huh. Cause the closest movie theater was Barry Saint Edmunds. And who wants who wants to drive twenty miles to go to the movies. Oh boy. <SEP> Probably some of them did. A lot of a lot of people did. Yeah. <SEP> But it would have to be a good show. Yeah. It's hard to know what the good movies are anymore. Yeah. Because sometimes the reviews you just can't go by. <SEP> Yeah. I I us-. They they they have all these neat phrases. You know you know you know. Like critically acclaimed. Yeah. <SEP> That's what they when the thing hasn't won any award. Oh I see. You know. They can't. It's kind of like waterfront property or something if you're you know if you're two miles away from water. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. From Love Canal. Water view. <SEP> Waterfront property here at Love Canal you know. Yeah. But you know critically acclaimed. Oh good grief. Give me a break. <SEP> That's wh-. I mean there's a lot of reasons why I don't go to movies. Uh-huh. And primarily I mean I now I'm probably going to going to upset you. But people who bring kids irritates the heck out of me.
sw2113.txt:Uh the last movie that I saw. I I don't go to that many. So I'll just have to talk about the ones that I went to see. But uh it was AWAKENINGS with uh Robin Williams and uh Peter DeNiro. Okay. <SEP> Yes. Uh-huh. Have you seen it. No. Unfortunately I haven't. I heard it's really good. But. It is. I just have to take my hat off to Peter DeNiro. <SEP> Uh-huh. He is one of the best actors I've ever seen. It's. There's a point where. The uh the show is about these uh catatonic type people that. This doctor discovers a drug that brings them back to the the living more or less. But it wears off. Uh-huh. And the way it wears off is he goes through all these spastic you know uh. It starts off with like a tic. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then it gets to where he can't you know control his movements at all. And it was just so realistic. The way you know you have to just keep reminding yourself that he's an actor. Uh-huh. What does uh. Is. Robby Robin Williams does he have a funny part in it? No. It was very serious very se-. <SEP> Oh how does he do serious. He's good. He's he's talented. Boy he is. I've only seen him in funny stuff. And so. I know. Me too. But uh well what was that show um Gar- uh Garf-. I want to say Garfield. But that wasn't it. <SEP> Yeah. Uh GARP THE WORLD ACCORDING TO GARP. Yeah. THE WORLD ACCORDING TO GARP. He wasn't always funny in that show was he. I didn't read see the the movie. I read the book. But I. I did too. That's why I was thinking it couldn't be just a totally funny part. <SEP> Yeah. In fact it got some pretty serious deep parts in it. So. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Well what have you seen? <SEP> I think the last movie that we went out to see was DANCES WITH WOLVES. Oh I saw it. Good. We've both seen one. Did you cry through it? Yes. The whole way. <SEP> It was telling a friend I I said I only cried twice. But each was about half an hour long. So. Where did you cry. Um let's see. When I each time that I thought that the Indians were going to get killed I cried. Uh-huh. <SEP> Um I cried the first time when the um the wagon man got killed when they attacked him. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. And uh I think from there on all the way through the movie. Let's see what else did it. Um what other parts. I can't remember any of the other parts right off now. I cried when the horse got killed and when the wolf got killed. <SEP> We-. I don't remember when the horse got killed. Oh th-. When he was riding back to the settlement and they shot his horse out from under him. Oh yeah. And then he uh the next day he looked out there and saw those buzzards you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that horse has been such a pal to him when he was alone. Yeah. You can tell I'm an animal lover. You can hear my dog. <SEP> Unfortunately we don't have any animals. So uh. Yeah. It was a beautiful story. It really was. It. There was a lot of pretty scenery too in that movie. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> What did you think about the buffalo scenes. Oh I thought it was awful and so graphic. That was. <SEP> Yeah. I mean I hadn't even imagined it you know. I think we all heard the story of the slaughter of the buffalo. Uh-huh. Um I had a friend who had fixed some uh chili buffalo chili and about a week before went to see the movie. <SEP> Oh oh. Of course they raise them now you know to eat. Uh-huh. Yeah. It's not. But she we were both feeling so guilty about enjoying this chili after seeing that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well at least you know that it wasn't same situation that the buffalo died in. No. It wasn't. Um I thought the scenes when the buffalos running though were beautiful. Like that was great. Oh yeah. <SEP> And there were so many of them. I didn't know that that many buffaloes alive much less in one place. Yeah. Really. So that was pretty. And to think about how it just changed the whole landscape you know you could follow this this beaten down path. <SEP> Yeah. And it sounded like thunder and earthquakes and that sort of thing. I wonder how they kept up with them though. It seemed like the buffaloes were moving so fast. I know. <SEP> I guess they graze though. That wouldn't be a problem. Yeah. Yeah. Uh have you seen any of the behind the scenes uh of of that movie. No. Huh-uh. It was. They tried to keep it you know as very close to real. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean like Kevin Costner did all of his own scenes. And uh they had to teach a wolf how to to howl. Oh. That's the part they had trouble finding was wolves. <SEP> I guess they're just not domesticated. Or or. Yeah. What. They just don't howl that much anymore. Uh. That'll teach them in a couple minutes huh. I could bring them in with my dogs and set a siren off. And that's all they'd have to do. <SEP> Yeah. Well that's funny. Well I think we've made it. <SEP> Oh is that five minutes. Is that. I don't know. Is it five or three. Okay oh. I'm not sure. I'm not either. <SEP> Okay. Well I think we're we're we've done okay though. Okay. Me too. Well thank you for calling. Well thank you. <SEP> And I hope you enjoy some more good movies late-. Yeah. You too. Bye bye. Bye bye.
sw3417.txt:Yes. Um I guess my initial view is our tax burden hasn't gone down in recent years despite our total tax burden despite tax cuts. Uh-huh. But among industrialized nations we have one of the lowest in in the world. And in. Of the matter. You get what you pay for. If we're going to have national health insurance which seems likely it's necessarily going to involve more taxes. Uh I suspect I take the view that cutting income tax rates has been good for the the economy that most other countries have a higher share of the tax burden in various kinds of sales taxes uh energy taxes particularly and that to the extent we need to raise more taxes that's the direction we should look. <SEP> Right. Well I guess I kind of have mixed feelings. Um you know you always sit there. And out of each pay check so much comes out of it. And you wonder you know where's it all going. Where's it all going? And we have such a huge uh national deficit. And and I guess a lot of times there's questions wondering well if it's doing a whole lot of good. I know there's a lot of social programs out there that need help. But you kind of always wonder well where's where's the money going? Well one one one of the big tax that has gone up a lot in this year is the social security tax which in principle is going into into a big trust fund. <SEP> Uh-huh. But that is a particularly regressive tax uh. It's a tax on the first dollar earnings. And Senator Moynihan's uh proposal to to to cut there I think wou- makes a lot of sense. I'm sorry. I couldn't. I think Senator Moynihan's proposal to to cut the social security tax which isn't really going to going to beef up up up the social security program could make a lot of sense. <SEP> Right. Right. Yeah. I agree with that. As far as other countries I'm not um I don't keep up on it too much as to far as what you know as what they're do-. I know. We were in Ireland last year. Uh-huh. And I know that the tax there is extremely high much higher than we pay here. But but as far as other countries I'm not uh up to par on. Oh yeah. <SEP> I think Japan I think Japan is probably about equal to ours. Uh-huh. And other major countries are higher. Our friends were amazed that the sales taxes the cost of things when they went to Canada not so long ago. <SEP> Uh-huh. And as a whole most other countries have a higher level of cradle to grave government services. And it's a real real. Right. They're they're real trade-offs there. <SEP> Right. Yeah. But and and you sit there and wonder um. I guess this doesn't really have to do with taxes but just money in general and and um wondering if you're going to have enough when you retire to live on. Uh I. That's that's a scary thing that there's no no real knowing about. Uh the the there's a lot of inflation risk that isn't taken care of in most private pension plans. Uh-huh. Yeah. That's true. But um are you involved with the legislature up there. Or which. No. I'm at the National Institute of Standards and Technology. Uh part of the Commerce Department. Here in Gaithersburg Maryland. <SEP> Uh-huh. Okay. <SEP> Uh-huh. I was just wondering since you said Washington D C. And you and you picked this topic. I was just kind of curious. Well well. I I I didn't pick it uh. <SEP> Oh you didn't. I mean um I like I don't really recall. I may have filled out on the on the form. But I I certainly certainly have the feeling I've been given topics different from the ones that I mentioned before. Oh did you. See I haven't placed any calls. Did they automatically assign the topic? Yes. Yes. When you place a call topic is given to you. <SEP> Oh I didn't know that. I thought whoever made the call could choose what topic. Because I haven't made any calls yet. I've just received some. Oh you should try it. <SEP> Oh I didn't realize that. Okay. Yeah. Because it's kind of a it can be a rather controversial subject depend on who you're talking to. Uh many of the subjects are. Uh taxes taxes especially. Um one thing that has kept our tax burden high and this will change somewhat in the next few years is the is the level of def- of the defense budget. Exactly. And that's that same subject.
sw3756.txt:Okay. Have you painted something lately? Yes. I have. That room I showed you. Yeah. <SEP> And then since then we have painted the bedroom. Oh yeah. Another bedroom. Yeah. I showed you that one too didn't I? The brown one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. The one that looks like a fudgesicle. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh heavens. Well I painted the outside of my house and one bathroom. <SEP> Yeah. But I get I have that problem with the the ceiling you know the uh the blown blown ceiling. You know where you get around the edge. Oh yeah. <SEP> Well that is hard. Now I asked Janice or somebody recently how you do that uh when you paint the ceilings you know where you have got that textured stuff that they have special rollers that are real soft and furry that you paint that with. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well how do you get the edge though? How do you get the edge? The the straight edge? <SEP> You just have to be real careful. Oh I see. We use uh uh a two inch brush with uh on a slant. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And that mostly does it even though you still make mistakes. But. Huh. Well are you going to paint the outside of your house too? Well yeah. I think I am going to do it this spring actually. Oh really? <SEP> Yeah. There are six houses. See the people that own the house they uh pay for anything like that that we do. As far as the the materials. Oh nice. There are three houses on this street the same color of yellow out of six houses. Yeah. <SEP> So I am thinking I am going to change it to uh something you know. The brick is multi color. Mostly earth tones. Uh-huh. I think I am going to put something like a brown on it on the outside. And maybe a little deeper brown in the entry way or something so it will stand out a little. Oh that will be nice. <SEP> Huh. What color did you paint. Or two tone or two tone. You know. <SEP> Yeah. There are some columns that could be painted a different color too. Uh-huh. <SEP> What color did you paint your house? White. On the out. But I have a problem. I can't get up high. And we can't paint the chimney. <SEP> Well you have got to get one of those ladders. We have one of those ladders. We are just not willing to get up that high. Oh yeah. <SEP> A friend of mine that lives out in your neighborhood he has done his house. And that is what he. I was out there last week. And he has finished everything except the chimney. Well we did too. We did it in the fall. And it it's just too high. It is really scary. But and the only thing I would consider doing a professional maybe doing that. Yeah. But it. Other than doing our own work I prefer it to a professional. <SEP> Well our house in New Mexico it was stucco. But we had all this trim to paint and lots of it. Yeah. And we did basically seventy-five percent of the house. And then I was afraid to do the eaves way up high and stuff. Uh-huh. <SEP> So I hired this man to come in and do it. A young kid. Uh-huh. And he came with with his own raf-. What do you call those things? The blowers? <SEP> No. Those where you built like a rafter thing. Oh oh oh oh I know what you are talking about. Uh. Scaffold. Yeah. Scaffold. That's it. <SEP> He came and did it that way. And I think he charged me a hundred dollars to finish up. Huh. And literally I wouldn't have done it with the scaffolds because all the places that I had left for him were above huge humongous cactus. It's. <SEP> Yeah. And if he fell he was dead. And he knew that. So. Oh my. So that was worth it getting a professional for that. <SEP> Yeah. Plus he cleaned up my mess. Oh I think that is what we might have to do with this chimney. But other than that it was pretty easy doing it ourself and caulking it and everything ourself. <SEP> Uh-huh. It wasn't too bad. I mean you think. How much did it cost you for the paint for the outside? Shoot maybe a hundred and fifty. <SEP> Yeah. Since it is a one story. But we did uh like two heavy coats over it. But then that way you know you are assured you did a good job than you are you know if you hire someone to do it. Yeah. <SEP> But that friend of mine that painted his house out there in your neighborhood he went to uh I guess to buy his paint. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And yet he bought like seventeen gallons. My word. And anyway he when he checked out and he was using his charge card too. They only charged him for one gallon of paint. Like thirteen bucks or something. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh my word. <SEP> And he had he had the uh he had already carried a ladder outside and told her that. Uh-huh. And she wrung all that stuff up and made a mistake on the price of the paint. Uh-huh. <SEP> So she had to start all over again. Uh-huh. And when he got outside he noticed his receipt was like thirteen ninety-nine or something. Oh my word. <SEP> And he saw. So that was really worth it. Painting his own house. Yeah. It was like over two hundred dollars worth of free stuff. Oh my word. <SEP> Oh my word. Well he really saved in that way. Yeah. But yeah. I think we are going to do uh another bathroom. But I think I will probably just do it in a roller. I want to do it about the same color. And just be a little. <SEP> Uh. Rollers are so messy. We never any more. Oh I know. But it's that it's the textured wall. Well a little paintbrush.
sw3551.txt:How big is Provo? Um. That a little town or or a bigger city? <SEP> Um it's not one of the bigger ones. It's probably um I compare it to the size of Plano maybe a little smaller. Plano Texas. Oh. I talked to someone that was only a couple of thousand in her town I think. Oh really? No. Yeah. I forgot the name of the town. I thought maybe it was you. <SEP> Oh well anyway we're supposed to talk about education. I certainly have some ideas since I'm studying it now in college. I'd say first of all they need to go back to spending more time on the basic reading writing arithmetic in grade school. Uh-huh. Because they really teach you about forty percent less than they used to. And it shows up. That's one idea. Do you have any? <SEP> Um I don't know. I'm pretty I think I'm pretty satisfied with um. I gre- I grew up in Plano. Uh-huh. And and my dad is actually on the school board there. So I kind of kept up with a lot of things that went on. Yeah. It's. Plano uh improved greatly in the last twenty twenty-five years. <SEP> Yeah. That's for sure. It used to be the pits. And Arlington is excellent now. But I'm just speaking overall across the country. Oh. <SEP> Yeah. Something is definitely wrong. Uh-huh. And uh one thing they don't spend as much time just teaching reading and writing. So a lot of kids are just being promoted from year to year. And they truly can't read. <SEP> Right. So I don't know how they expect them to uh pass history when they can't read anything you know even read a word problem in math. So um that's definitely a problem. Another problem is you're going to keep the smarter people in the system too long paying the wages they do. Right. But um. <SEP> So do you what do you think is good about the schools? That is good about. Well it depends on where you are. They're all so different. That's another thing about the United States. Yeah. There's no national curriculum you know. I mean what they'd be teaching in an Arlington school they may not be teaching in a Plano school. <SEP> Uh-huh. And in the same school district you may even in an Arlington seventh grade for instance you may have an English class. You may have half literature for the whole year. Whereas in another one they're going to concentrate on grammar and give you a little literature. Grammar. It's up to the teacher in other words. So that's kind of o- you know that's kind of odd to me. <SEP> Yeah. It depends on uh what school you're in and who your teacher is actually. Uh-huh. Or is how you end up. Overall Arlington is good one of the better ones in the state. So I guess we lucked out when we moved here. <SEP> Uh-huh. So yeah. That's the thing is just to look at the school system in the area that you move into before you. Uh-huh. Of course we have a slight problem in that uh the number of the illiterate in America is mushrooming at this point. And uh you know where our kids might be in a great school we're still paying an awful lot of taxes for people who are on welfare and unemployment because they can't read you know. Uh-huh. So. <SEP> But do you think that there should be um nationwide um curriculum? I don't know. I just read about that the other day. And I had never even thought of it. Actually it makes sense to a certain extent. Because sometimes like a third grade teacher will get kids from second grade that didn't even learn what uh. They should to do the work that she is supposed to teach you know. And according to her plan. Uh-huh. So I guess if there was a national curriculum we'd at least have a certain amount that all kids would learn. <SEP> Right. But uh. We actually rank forty-ninth in the world as far as just plain literacy goes you know. Um. That's that's pretty low that there's forty-eight countries ahead of us that have more peop- more citizens percentage wise that can read and write. <SEP> Yeah. So um unless we want to keep paying paying for these people that can't make it in society we're going to have to do something. Who do you think it should be done through? Uh-huh. I don't know. Obviously nobody's smart enough to have figured it out yet. So I probably can't. <SEP> But I do think that we have to cut out some of this folderol stuff and go back in the first five six grades and just keep going over and over and over until most of those that are capable can at least learn to read and write. Because they can't even get the menial job without being able to read something nowadays you know. <SEP> Right. Uh you can't you can't even work an answering machine if you're at work and had to get a message or something you know or fill out an application to work at McDonalds if you can't read. Uh-huh. So uh I think that's that's a start at least going back to the basics in the early grades. <SEP> Yes. Yeah. And um they say that the average English student nowadays does at least fifty percent less reading and writing than they did twenty years ago. And that's a big jump. I believe that. Did you go to school in Plano? <SEP> I did. Through high school. Uh-huh. Uh kinder-.
sw3146.txt:Okay. Hi Nancy. H-. <SEP> Well do you do a lot of dining out? No um. We don't although we enjoy it. Um we do it more when we have company come. Uh-huh. Um what about you? <SEP> Well we do s- some dining out. Um I I do a lot of cooking. So um mostly like when we go out you know it's my husband and I. I we don't go out too often as a family um unless it's like a fast-food kind of thing. But um but we do enjoy dining out. One of our favorite places here in in the Dallas area is Atlantic Cafe. I don't know if you have you ever been there? I've heard of that. But I haven't been there. Um where about is that? <SEP> Um well actually there's the Atlantic Cafe and Cafe Pacific and uh. Oh okay. I I've been to Cafe Pacific. Have you? Th- now that's down in uh Highland Park. Right. <SEP> It's Highland Park Village. Did you like it? Yes. Uh. Oh I love it. Before we moved to the area my brother uh lived in Dallas for a number of years. <SEP> And we came up one time when my father was visiting. And we all ate there. Uh-huh. And oh their seafood was wonderful. <SEP> Oh it is it's fabulous. It really is a great place. Now where is the Atlantic Cafe? Atlantic Cafe is down on I believe it's on McKinney. Oh okay. <SEP> Um and o- originally the two the the guy who owns the Cafe Pacific and th- the guy who owns the Atlantic Cafe were partners in the Atlantic Cafe. And then they they separated. And the guy started Cafe Pacific. And I loved them both. I really do. I think they're wonderful. That's our favorite. You know what we'd really like if if we just have a a casual evening is Houston's. Have you been there? No um. But I've heard that's really good too. And. It's wonderful. The only thing is you have to wait. You have you have to expect to wait at least an hour. Oh. <SEP> So you have to go knowing you're going to be sitting there there for an hour waiting to get in. And a- as long as you know that it's okay. But they have I think one just about the best prime rib um anywhere in the area. Oh. Oh okay. <SEP> I love it. Uh-huh. And my husband really likes their ribs. So it's hysterical. We go in. And we sit there for an hour waiting to get in. And then we get there. And we don't even look at the menu. You know right away what you want. <SEP> I know right away what we what we want. Yeah. Yeah. Well we really enjoy prime rib too. And uh actually the the Steak And Ale out here uh we've gone to uh. My in-laws also enjoy prime rib when they've had some of their specials on Sunday Monday or Tuesday night. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And uh the time we went the prime rib was really good. <SEP> Was it? Really? I've nev- I've I've been there for like you know lunch. Uh-huh. But I've never been there for dinner. And it was good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> Oh that's great. That's great. Another nice place for for prime rib is Baby Doe's. Oh I've heard about that too. <SEP> Maxwell's nice. Have you been there? But no. We've uh I guess we eat out even less than I realize. And I didn't think we ate out very often. See !. Baby Doe's is nice. Oh. <SEP> And one place I'd never been that I would really like to go to uh is Lawry's. I've heard that's real good Lawry's Prime Rib? Yeah. Yes. I'd I had heard that too. Um. <SEP> I've I've never been there. But I've heard it's real good. Have you been to the little uh not for prime rib but the Cafe De France um right here on Central Expressway? Oh okay. Yes. <SEP> Yes. Actually they have one in Richardson that I've been to. Uh they have real nice lunches. Have you have you been there for lunch? Or. Yes uh. <SEP> Yeah. Primarily lunch well and breakfast sometimes. But uh during the week they often have a a limited menu choice but uh very reasonable complete dinners for six ninety-nine that included the soup an- or salad entrees and accompaniments and dessert. Really? <SEP> Really? And uh the. My husband and I like veal uh a lot. Uh-huh. And their veal dishes have been good. We've tried different ones when they've had them as one of the. <SEP> The specials. Uh-huh. Have you ever been to Biffin's? Huh-. <SEP> I keep hearing about it. I keep hearing the advertisements of it. I. Yes. No. And and they keep saying you know oh it's wonderful it's wonderful. I have not been over there. And I was thinking you know it's supposed to be a family place over near Plano Super Bowl. Right. And. <SEP> And uh I've I've not been there. I haven't either uh. One place. And I've only been there for lunch. But uh I went with a friend. And we met her husband um down on Greenville. Down near the Highway Twelve area is Gershwin's. I've been there. Oh I we just we-. <SEP> That was nice. It was. And we had the uh we both enjoy mushroom soup. And Linda had told me they had the best mushroom soup. And they did. It was wonderful. But uh and we just had soup and salad so we could make room for the dessert which was a chocolate sack. <SEP> I don't know if you tried. But or s-. Oh. <SEP> I've heard of it. Where where it's made. It's like it's like a. It's all chocolate like made like a paper bag. Yes !. And it's filled with what whip cream and and strawberries and something? It yes it had a sponge cake and whip cream. <SEP> Yeah. And it had strawberries kiwis and raspberries in a raspberry uh puree. <SEP> Oh. And and we shared one the three of us. Oh. And it was plenty because it was very rich. But uh I wished I'd had a camera. <SEP> Oh. It was beautiful. Oh I bet it was. I bet it was. Uh. <SEP> The last time we went to Cafe Pacific it was Father's Day. And we took another friend with us. Oh. And uh for dessert we thought we had just stuffed ourselves. And so we had they had uh like a berry assortment. It was it was raspberries and blueberries and and strawberries on a plate with like a custard on the bottom. Oh. <SEP> And you know they did like the raspberry puree just kind of like in a in a decoration on the. You know how they do the plates real fancy with the decorations and then piled the berries and shaved chocolate on top of it. Yes. Yeah. Oh. <SEP> And it was outstanding. It sounds wonderful. It was really really relatively simple. But oh it was good. It was really good. Well that's uh one of the things th- that I do enjoy when you get a good restaurant. Uh I love fresh berries. And their their fruits are always exceptional. I don't I'm know. They must have a special source for getting them because even at the Farmer's Market uh you can't find them like that. <SEP> You can't find them. Yeah. And. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know i- I'm originally from Connecticut. And uh I was home a few years ago. And my sister and brother-in-law were going to take us out for dinner. And uh I was really amazed you know. The the restaurants up there were kind of quaint. You know they were real real pretty. But they lacked the service. And they lacked the at- the just the I don't know. The restaurants down here seem like they have uh. I guess there's so much competition that they really have to be good. Uh-huh. And I thought I would really miss that. I would too. Because well because we don't go out very often. <SEP> When we do go out um in a way it's like a little mini vacation I guess. And uh it is it's a whole experience. Of course you want the food to be good. But the atmosphere and service I think are important uh too. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you know in order to survive in this area I think they have to be good. Yeah. Because the ones that aren't so good don't just don't make it. Um that reminded me of a place for lunch that's a little off the beaten track. But it is wonderful. It's called Cafe Max. And it's at Plano Road and Campbell. They have the most wonderful salads. They do what they call a salad sampler which easily could feed two or three. <SEP> Oh really?
sw3561.txt:All right. Well. Um short term I don't think anything's going to be done about it or probably should be done about it. Right. <SEP> Uh are you saying you don't think anything should be done in the short term? Uh the short term the recession is getting getting top attention. Yeah. I I think that you're absolutely right there. The other thing is is that we've got these um these all these bank defaults going on and and savings and loan defaults and and uh uh. <SEP> And that effectively adds to whether it's officially on the books or not. Right. Exactly. Um. And that's got to be paid. Exactly. And and uh so this creates a pretty serious problem that's going to continue to be with us for a while to come. Um I'm not really uh sure that I even understand why the administration is proposing for instance tax reductions because it seems to me that if if if they're talking about reducing uh the tax that needs to be paid or the tax that's currently being paid then that can't it seems to me it can't possibly you know help with the the deficit picture. <SEP> It can only hurt the deficit picture. Yeah. Exactly. Um and the the severity of the deficit picture already limits the options available or limits the degree of tax cutting you can do without uh bringing on on serious problems for the longer term. Yeah. Exactly. <SEP> So that that that's the current predicament. Yeah. It see- seems like it's it's a kind of a Catch Twenty-two. I mean it's it's the um. My understanding is what they're try- what what supposedly they're trying to do by reducing taxes is to kind of jump start the economy the idea being that if people have to pay less money in taxes they'll have more money to spend uh. And if they have more money to spend then that will be a spur to productivity particularly commercial productivity uh which in turn will generate revenue. But it it seems like like uh it's sort of a uh a sp- an unending spiral. And it it it uh. I'm I'm not sure that there's any real genuine truth to the uh the idea that that uh that decreasing taxes particularly the kinds that are being recommended bye-bye the Bush administration and things like capital gains taxes and so forth is going to uh result in substantial amounts of money you know for consumers to spend. And uh. Yeah. I'm not sure how I feel about paying on the quest the long term quests that tax cuts are worth at this point. It's probably a judgment of how bad the recession is. Yeah. It uh it would seem to me that there are other things that the administration could do. <SEP> Well well first of all you look to the Fed to fight the recession as indeed it has with interest rates. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I think that's been a positive development. I think what that's done is it's it's it's help keep inflation from um uh. <SEP> Well at the moment we're doing very well on inflation. Yeah. Exactly. That's the sort of upside to the deficit. It's a sort of a piece of luck. <SEP> That's the upside to the recession. Yeah um. I don't know. What kind of things do you think can be done in in uh in the long term? Well can be done or will be done are two different things. Um at various places to look for for cutting the budget first of all I consider more defense cuts than are already planned depending on the world situation. Sure. <SEP> But there are various other areas such as as farm subsidies that ought to be slashed. Uh a lot of entitlement programs like education aid I think uh they should put a in. The Reagan administration took all such entitlements to the poor but left them for the middle class uh. Uh-huh. In the longer term uh we we we'd do well I think to make to make uh reductions there. Also somewhat is to collect owed to the government from various loan programs that people have borrowed. Right. I think that I think that that I agree with you certainly in the second situation. And I think certain entitlements I I'm inclined to agree with you too. Education happens to be one place where I think that we would foolish to um uh. <SEP> A lot of education aid has gone to so-called trade schools which are sort of not colleges. Uh-huh. But schools that teach you trades you know beautician well and often exists only because of the federal programs that they can take people and tell them they can get loans for their full tuition uh and the school gets paid off immediately uh. Oh I see I see what you're saying. <SEP> And then they and then the people default on the loans. And then they don't provide very much education. <SEP> Yes. Well I would have to agree with you if there are circumstances like that uh around uh. And I I I can't confess to having any substantial knowledge of that sort of thing. But but taking what you're saying at face value then I would have to agree with completely. Yeah.
sw2279.txt:Okay. Well personally I don't have any children. I'm twenty-two. And I'm doing my Master's at N C State. Oh uh-huh. So uh uh children wouldn't be very convenient for me right now. <SEP> Well no. Would they. No. So what what how do you spend the time with your children? Well both of mine are boys. They're eight and eleven. Um. <SEP> Okay. And did. And they're into sports. Yeah. <SEP> I mean as a matter of fact that's what we're doing tonight. What what are you doing? Baseball has started. Oh okay. Do do they play like uh like does the eight year old play baseball? <SEP> Oh oh yes. We start here at uh five. Okay. And and in in his league do they have like a pitcher. Or do they have a standing ball or a machine or what? Up until. It's coach pitch until you get nine which my little boy will be nine in May. Okay. <SEP> So he's going to be with uh regular pitching. Oh okay. And my eleven year old of course you know is pitching. Yeah. I I used to play soccer when I was that age up in New York. <SEP> Uh-huh. So. But yes. We're into baseball. And it seems like soon as that over with we get into basketball. We even have peewee basketball here. <SEP> So there's always something. Yeah. And how about how about like on the weekends. Do you do sports. Or do you go out? Both. If we're not doing sports we go somewhere. Do you go how about like for uh do you go for long vacations like a week or something when they have school off? <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. In the summer or like in the Easter time like around now? No. Usually in the summer time. And where do you go? <SEP> Different places every year. We. Have have you been out of the country? No. Oh okay. Well first they always say get to know your country first before you leave. I mean I I lived in places like. <SEP> Uh-huh. When I lived in Washington uh Washington D C I never went to the Washington Memorial. And then when I went back to visit I went to the Washington Memorial. You know I've heard we have a couple of friends that goes to Washington quite often. And that must be the thing. They really hadn't either. They went to the Memorial you know. When they go it's on business. Right. <SEP> It's not really just to getting to sight see. Right. Well it's it's a beautiful city. Oh I bet it is too. But the problem is like first time I went out of here and they took me to Las Vegas. <SEP> Uh-huh. And that was the most boring place on earth. Oh now my husband and I we go different places. But our child- but when we go with our children we usually kind of stay close. Yeah. Did uh did like did you go to Disneyland? <SEP> Oh yes. Yes. Yes. Oh okay. So but um now I don't know. But um but let's see. When I was eleven I went also to the Caribbean. Oh. That that was fun. That was. And uh then after that I. My sister lives in Turkey. So when I was like fourteen fifteen I went I went to Turkey. <SEP> Oh. And this Christmas I went to Turkey. But basically it's a. For the past couple of years I. Since my parents are are well. I'm from Argentina. And my parents live down there. So all the traveling I do is alone. Uh-huh. And uh we were never much of. Uh a very uh family thing you know made like go skiing in Vermont or something. <SEP> Uh-huh. That was uh that was a lot of fun. Yes. But what happens is we used to fight a lot. So there's never much of a family family thing. You know one of those hell family vacations. <SEP> Oh yes. But we try you know I try. My husband also we're involved in everything our kids does. Yeah. Because uh my dad died you know when I was less than a year old. Yeah. <SEP> So I always just had a mother. So I always thought when I have kids you know I really want to be involved with them. Well my dad all he all he wanted to do was get money for us. So he could buy us material things. Material things. Yes. That is. Yes. And and to me you know it's like now I'm twenty-two. But I still feel you know. It's like yeah we never threw a football or something. <SEP> Uh-huh. And the way I was brought up. And he wants me now. He like he you know like he wants to be best friends now. Best friends now. And it's very hard for me. Because you know it's like you grow up to be twenty years old. And it's always the same man. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then suddenly he sees that he's getting old. And he wants to be best friends. Yeah. But uh you know it's like I can only express myself so much. Because you know um everything that he taught me you know that my family taught me which is very hard to change that all of a sudden from one year to the next and say I'm sorry you know. It's like you know I love you. And let's go out and do things together when I don't feel like it you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so that's that whole thing that he'll say when like like. I've seen my uncle and his family you know does everything together. And you know his kids are you know. When his little girl was five years old and everything they uh they would go to the beach. And she could go to sleep at two in the morning you know. Oh uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And uh I was brought up the same way. It doesn't matter what age you have. Just so long as you can get up to go to class the next morning you can stay up you know. Uh-huh. But his what he does is when he gets home he separates his work from his house. <SEP> Yeah. You have to. Yeah. I mean you honestly do. Now I have friends that I love to death. But and they have children. But their children does anything. We have to take them and you know to do it. Yeah. <SEP> And that really gets kind of aggravating after a while. Because you're saying Well I work full time too you know. Yeah. Yeah. But uh it's just it's just something that you know. My theory is you know when when you have kids and all you you want to do well. What I'll do is you know like. I mean you might have problems. But it's not your kids' problems you know. Yeah. Oh yeah. And you got to try to be with them as much as you can. And to you know like. Thing is is that you know like if if they would ever happen to have a drug problem suppose that they could feel comfortable coming to me and saying I got a problem you know. <SEP> Problem. Uh-huh. And uh and that would make any parent feel good and bad at the same time you know. Yeah. First of all you're coming to me. And let's see how we can get rid of the problem you know. And that's uh that's very that's very hard to do. Because once you're best friends with your parents then I think everything go a lot better. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I agree with you very much so. Now we waited several years before we started having children because we was still in college. And we knew time wise or and money wise too. Yeah. Would it would not have been a good idea to had them then. Yeah. My my father was raising four ki- oh well three kids before he had me. So it was uh you know. You're trying to support uh four kids. And it's pretty hard you know. <SEP> Yeah. And I I told him listen you could have had a lot of money if you would have only had two kids. Uh-huh. Yeah. He says yeah. But then I wouldn't have you. I go yeah. But then you would have a lot of money. <SEP> That's right. But you can't take this money with us though. Yeah. That's how I keep looking at it. But you know like four I mean fou- four children is expensive especially when you consider like especially for me which I'm paying out of state tuition. I'm paying you know three thousand. No. What is it two thousand six hundred dollars for one semester. <SEP> Oh. And you know people say you know it's expensive to think it's college. But if if everybody would be a little bit responsible you know. It's like. What does it what does it cost. It costs five hundred dollars a semester suppose. Now they go to a state college. And they live at home you know. Uh-huh. And well it costs two hundred dollars for books. But you know seven hundred dollars a semester. A lot of people can spare that if they planned ahead you know like. <SEP> Oh yeah. If you cou- if you can. Yeah. I mean it's like if you plan a year ahead you can probably save up seven hundred dollars you know one thousand four hundred dollars to send your child to college you know. Yeah. <SEP> What are you learning to be? Oh oh excuse me? What degree I mean what are you wanting to do after you get out of college? Well I I'm doing computer science computer engineering. <SEP> Oh that's. My husband's into uh computers. Yeah. And and now I'm looking for a job before they have to send me back home. Uh-huh. Because since I'm an international student they want to send me back to Argentina. <SEP> Yeah. Well my dad wants me to go back. So. And you don't want to? No. <SEP> No. No. No. Because if you go back there then you can never get out. Oh. Like you don't have any money to to get out. <SEP> Oh. So uh and uh I was thinking you know like Oh my God you know I go back there. And then and I get married there. And now I have kids there. And then I'll never leave the place you know. Then you'll never leave. Yeah. I know. And that's that's what happened to my brother. He came to school up here. And then when he went down there. He was just so bad off you know from not being able to stay up here that his life just went down the drain. <SEP> Oh. Uh-huh. So. <SEP> Well maybe something will open up for you. Yeah. I've been calling a lot of companies. There. Some of them are interested. Well at least for a year and a half I can work. Uh-huh. So. <SEP> Well may-. Well I've enjoyed talking to you. All right. Same here. Okay. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3148.txt:Okay. Um. Where do you live? In Plano. <SEP> In Plano? Yes. Where do you live? In Dallas. Oh okay. <SEP> Uh the air pollution isn't too bad in our area. So we're very fortunate but I know in some areas it's really it it really is bad. Huh. Um I was trying to think uh. Something we were watching the other day. And they were doing an overview of Los Angeles uh from an area that was up higher. And you literally could see the band of smog. That uh. I've never been out there. But it was it was quite evident that it was a real brown area. <SEP> I haven't either. Uh-huh. And. <SEP> Well I think it would be terrible to live in an area like that. And unfortunately I think there are a lot of areas that are that that bad. Yeah. Particularly in the areas where there are industries uh where they are burning a lot of coal and oil up more up north I guess uh. Yes. <SEP> Yeah. I think it's a bigger problem. With the car pollution anti-pollution devices. I think uh air isn't as bad it once was from the cars because we certainly have plenty of cars in our area. Yes. Well I know uh that's been the concern in Europe. They hadn't. Uh we have friends in Germany and uh have family that live near the Black Forest area. And large areas of the forest are being hurt from the cars because when we s- uh switched to the unleaded gas and and had the emission control advice uh devices required on the cars uh. That's something that Europe didn't do right away. And now they're doing that. And I guess it started in the last few years because they have found that in that particular part of the country that's the only pollution that's been there. It's not an area that is industry. But they were losing a lot of uh trees and a lot of. <SEP> From acid rain? Um I guess. From from something that the car was uh was giving. I think it gives off uh in the emissions it gives off gases which combine up in the atmosphere uh and form a a weak acid. Yes. And. <SEP> It just makes the rain fall on the acid side. And after a period of time I think that accumulates in uh trees because they take it up through their roots as well as it landing on the leaves on surfaces. Like you've seen what it's done to buildings even where it's really bad. Yes. Yeah. <SEP> What's interesting several years ago I took a course uh on uh well. It was actually it was put on by the power companies and about the various sources of energy and how much pollution there was. And there wasn't from various kinds of of energy. And uh at that point in time one person that was a speaker brought up the topic of acid rain. And it was kind of pooh-poohed you know. Oh you're making a mountain out of a molehill kind of thing. And it's turned out that that's been very true what he was forecasting about the accumulation of of the pollutants in the air and the acid rain and what it would do to foliage. So it's kind of interesting the change in perspective from when I took that course. Now a lot of people are really afraid of nuclear. Uh I'm not afraid of nuclear having had that course because of how the nuclear that uh they use is not bomb quality. And we're so strict with all our controls in the United States. The chances of of an accident are slight. And it doesn't pollute the air at all. It's safer to be around a nuclear plant then it is to be around a coal plant. Many more deaths have occurred in and dealing with coal plants then ever around nuclear plants. It's kind of funny because people are just petrified at least some are at the thought of nuclear. Yes. So I don't know. In Europe there's a lot of dependency on nuclear power. And they recycle the fuel. And then instead of of. Some people are really afraid to recycle the fuel because they're afraid it could become uh bomb quality. But that's the only sensible thing to do is recycle and reuse the fuel and not store it down in the ground. As far as I'm concerned where it could eventually perhaps there's some problem uh pollute the groundwater. So I don't know what the answer is. The best answer of course would be solar or uh fusion or something clean. Yes. <SEP> Well we've got a problem on the line don't we. Yeah. I I get that sometimes um. My line gets some static. I don't know why. Uh-huh. But uh solar of course would be the clean the cleanest. Well I know it's um. <SEP> We did have a solar water heater when we lived in Houston. And uh oddly enough I thought our part of the country was ideal. I can't hear you at all for all this static. Oh. I don't know what to. Usually it's the other phone I have trouble with. It must just be on the line. <SEP> Can you hear me? Now I can again. Okay. <SEP> I don't know what uh I I don't know what the problem is. But uh when we lived in Houston we had a solar water heater. And we had thought this part of the country would be ideal for solar homes and solar energy. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And we have enough clouds that uh there are other areas that would be better suited. That surprised me because I think we have a tremendous amount of um sunny days. <SEP> And and it. Yes. It can be used. And it can help. But uh that was a problem that they were still working on. But. <SEP> Oh yeah. It it's still got a long way to go. Well I. It's just you know a possible solution in the future I think maybe to help in some ways. Yes. <SEP> It may not in all ways. Maybe they'll come up with fusion. You know con- be able to control it. I don't know how long that'll take. But one of these days. Because that's perfectly clean. Yes. It's just we can't control it. Right now it takes more energy to cause fusion to occur then you get out. So it isn't not at all. And you can't control it unless you gotten a huge electromagnetic field. So that's not going to work. At least not now. But uh who knows what the future will hold. Uh as far as energy goes. I I think with solving some of the energy future energy problems we'll probably solve some of the pollution problems as well. Uh I hope so. <SEP> I do to. I like to be optimistic. I don't like to be pessimistic about these things. Well I do think um. I mean you've already mentioned several things I think uh just the change in attitude and the fact that more people are aware there is a problem and more people are interested in uh. We have one earth to live on. Yes. <SEP> And we got to take care of it. Yes. Well and and for the future generations too. Uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I've noticed students are are much more you know young young people are much more receptive to ideas about the environment and protecting the earth. Yes. And so if we can raise it uh you know generations with those concerns we'll solve a lot of our problems. I'm afraid. I know I was part of the me generation where they didn't so many of them didn't people didn't care. You know. It's whatever you know. Recycle well if it's a problem forget that. Uh not throw the trash out the car window. And leave it in the car and then throw it away? How horrible you know. <SEP> Now I've always done those kinds of things because I just didn't like messes. And.
sw3093.txt:Well this is the season for vacations. And uh I guess for places I like to go I enjoy going to the beach and having having outdoor being outdoors somewhere. Someplace that's very different than Texas. Right. And I. As far as maybe maybe as the summer heat comes along I would sort of like going somewhere where it's not so hot. And being able to be outside enjoy outsor- outside activities. So. <SEP> Yeah. Enjoy going places where. I enjoy playing tennis. So I like to have a tennis court there. Or or if it's at the beach the beach is great. A pool is great. And I. Where where do you usually go? Oh well let's see. We have plans this year to drive up to the uh to Colorado. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we will be going to Estes Park and Colorado Springs. So. Uh-huh. One year we went to the southwest corner of Colorado into Durango and north of the area there. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I. Boy that's a nice a nice place to visit. It's really nice at. There's a nice nice train ride that goes up to the city of Silverton where they used to do a lot of silver mining. Right. And uh and then actually north north of that is another town and a smaller on a smaller scale I guess than Silverton. But I and then there's lots and lots of real of mountains that are covered with uh boulders. <SEP> Uh-huh. So I guess people Jeep through that area. And we did not have a chance to do that. But I sure would like to go back there and do that again. Right. We are uh we have not had a vacation in several years. So be our first chance in awhile uh. We are going to go to uh Destin Florida which is a very nice beach area if you are not familiar with it. I have not been. But I have heard it's wonderful. <SEP> Oh it's it's gorgeous. Uh we used to go quite a bit uh before I moved out here. We were closer and uh used to go almost every summer uh and rent a condo there on the beach. Uh there's quite a few uh there's a lot of development of of condominiums there on the beach front. Right. And uh so they have uh they are very very large condos. And they have quite a few rooms and uh so we we will usually rent one for about a week or so. And. Right. And the beach is nice. <SEP> Go down. Oh. The beach is really nice isn't it. <SEP> Yes. It's uh it's beautiful white sand and very clear blue green water and a lot of nice waves usually uh. Oh. Sea shells. <SEP> Enough enough to make it. I am sorry. Sea shells. Uh there's not as many sea shells along there uh. That's the only thing that they really do not. They have some but not not so much. Yeah. <SEP> Um if you go further down uh you will usually find some but not right in there. Uh I do not know why it is. But uh it just. It seems not it seems not to have as many there right there. But uh we we enjoy it uh. It's. The place where we stay is we usually stay at the same place every year. And they are like I say right on the beach. So. Oh where do you stay? My husband always wants to go to Destin. We just have not gone that direction yet. It's a place called Jetty East uh J E T T Y E A S T. And it's uh called that because it's at the very end of uh a jetty there which is uh sort of at the end of this little little point. Okay. <SEP> And uh it's a at the very end. It's the last set of condominiums there. And it's uh it's very nice. Uh. It's not very expensive uh. You can. I think we are going to go with another couple and their kids. And uh they have a we have a uh I think it's three bedroom or two bedroom uh condominium which will sleep I do not know quite a few about six or eight. And uh cause it's got you know pull out couches and all that. Right. And uh I think it's going to cost us per couple about three hundred dollars for the week. Oh. That's nice. <SEP> Yeah. It really is. Because uh the uh you know it has got its own kitchen full size kitchen and everything. Great. And this one I think has two baths. And it's. The one we got is on the on the beach side. So. Oh nice. <SEP> We have got a beautiful view and balcony. And uh just. You know it's really a nice stay. Uh. In fact we stayed there on our honeymoon. We I had won a trip to the Bahamas but did not get to take it on our honeymoon time. So we instead went there uh and loved it just as much as as if we had gone to the Bahamas. We in fact we stayed an extra day or so because we liked. Oh. The uh the particular ro- uh uh uh suite we had gotten was very nice. And so we decided to stay. Great. <SEP> Oh. But uh it's a pretty nice place. You will need to try to go and stay there sometime. Well we have just we have just. <SEP> It's a little far from here. But uh. Are you driving? <SEP> Yeah. We are. We are. It will take uh a day and a half to get there probably. Oh. So. Well we are. The neighborhood that we live they are switching to an alternate calendar this year. So it. Starting well starting at the end of July we will have two vacation weeks in October and two vacation weeks in March. <SEP> Uh-huh. So that will be an interesting turn on vacations for our family. So I. Uh what does what does that mean alternate? Well it's. What it truly is supposed to mean is nine weeks of school three weeks of vacation nine weeks of school three weeks of vacation. <SEP> Oh. Uh-huh. And uh in and in the summer would be more like a two month two month break. <SEP> Right. So and they hope to boost the they hope to boost the learning of the children. Just the retention of the material for them. I see. So uh. <SEP> Kind of scattering the vacation out throughout the year. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's. So anyway so maybe maybe within a year we will see how that falls. <SEP> Right. We will head for we will head for Florida maybe in somewhat of an off season instead of summer. Right. So uh. <SEP> Okay. Well that's probably ne- all we need to do today. Okay. Alright. <SEP> So long. Thanks a lot. Bye-bye.
sw3427.txt:Well what kind of car uh are you thinking of buying next? Uh more than likely it's going to be a Chrysler. You like the Chrysler products do you? <SEP> Uh Chrysler LeBaron. Yeah. It won't be a Ford. I've got a Ford Mustang now. And I hate it. Do you really? Yeah. What year is it? <SEP> It's a eighty-eight. And why don't you like the Mustang? It's um. I've had one problem with it after the other. I'll be darned. <SEP> The pa- the paint's peeling off of it. And there's no reason for it you know. Fix or repair daily or find them re- road dead. Well you know the old sayings about Fords what they stand for. There you go. <SEP> Well uh. That uh. I uh. It's. My electrical system shorted out like two or three times. And it's been torn up since April. And I and luckily everything was under warranty. So it's only costing like a hundred and forty dollars to get it fixed. It would have been like two thousand. Well we've always uh we've always had Oldsmobiles and uh been very uh happy with Oldsmobiles. But uh my wife thought she wanted to get a Ford Mustang. And then she kind of changed her mind and thinks her next car ought to be one of those uh Mitsubishi Eclipses. She real- She likes uh likes those. <SEP> Those those are nice cars. She has a sister that lives in uh Phoenix that has one and uh really uh enjoys it. Well what uh what things do you consider when you buy a car? Um the gas mileage for one thing. And I've I've I've always had like stick shift. I want to the next car I get I want it to be automatic. I see. <SEP> I uh I I hate driving anyway. And then and changing gears at stop lights and stuff is really getting on my nerves now. Yeah. Especially when you're in high traffic areas and have to mess with that all the time. Yeah. <SEP> And you know when you work nine to five or eight to five and you're in rush hour traffic to and from work unfortunately. That makes it very frustrating. And I look. And one of the things with Chrysler right now is is their the warranties that they have. And I I feel like their. Everybody I've talked to that owns one has has has been real pleased with it. And I like the the driver's air bag. I like that. Now this is a LeBaron? <SEP> Uh yeah. Well all Chrysler products has it in there. But LeBaron would be the next car I get. Yeah. I sure like the uh convertible those rag top LeBarons. They really look sporty. Yeah. Yeah. I like I like that too huh. But uh I I couldn't afford the insurance on one of those. Well uh we always. This last Oldsmobile we bought uh it's an eighty-seven. But we bought it in eighty-eight you know right at the end of the year when they were trying to get rid of them. <SEP> Yeah. And uh we found that uh we found a real good interest rate. You know when they're trying to get rid of those cars at the end of the year like that they really come down on their prices. And uh uh you know we looked around at used cars. And we really couldn't uh afford the payments on a used car. Because uh if you go to the bank and try to get a loan they want to charge twelve thirteen percent you know. And we ended up I think with like a four and a half percent interest rate on a brand new car and the payments. Well that's what I'm paying on mine now. I had to get like a first time. My dad's always cosigned on on my my loans or whatever. And this is one when I bought. I got my Mustang this time was by myself because I got on my own or whatever. And um I had said. They they said it had to be like a first time buyer's car or whatever. And they're charging me unreasonable interest. But I've got eight more payments. And it's paid for. Well that's great. <SEP> But I got it when I got it when the eighty-eights first came out. It's a it's it's a good car I mean I got in eighty-seven I guess in like November or something like that. And. Uh-huh. Well when our kids were younger we really wanted a two door. Our first car was an Oldsmobile back in seventy-seven. It was a two door Cutlass Supreme. And uh it just happened that when we looked for our our new car they had a thing going with Oldsmobile. And if you'd buy a a new Oldsmobile they'd give you four hundred rebate because it was their seventy-fifth anniversary. Uh-huh. I belie-. Yeah. Seventy-fifth anniversary. So in addition to everything else we got off the car all we had to do is show them our uh papers on our first car. And they gave us another four hundred dollars off on it. So we we got a four door this time. And I sort of went more for the uh the comfort factor. And uh I liked the smaller cars. But I'm a bigger person. And I I really like comfort you know driving along the road and stuff. <SEP> Well that's another big factor of mine. Next next car I get's going to be a four door too. Something with some room. Yeah. Because I uh my Mustang is is is two door with bucket seats. And you buy groceries and stuff like that. And if you try to take anybody you know go to the show or go out for supper and you go as a foursome.
sw2290.txt:Okay. So are you a freshwater or. Mostly freshwater. I. <SEP> Freshwater. Yeah. I I used to fish uh when I was real young down in Galveston with my parents. And I never really got into that too much because you have to get in the boat really to do anything. And I didn't know anybody who had a boat now. So I don't fish too much in saltwater. Uh-huh. Most of my fishing has been in the saltwater. Uh mostly deep sea fishing for grouper and bottom fish. Oh really. <SEP> Oh neat. And uh I have caught one or two small sharks. Oh really. <SEP> And uh yes. What'd you do with them? Put them back. You didn't get a big kick out of killing them like some people do? <SEP> No. No. No. I love shark steak. But uh the ones I caught were never large enough to really do anything. Do they have a limit on sharks. I mean is that like a a sport fish. Can you actually catch those. And there's no limit. Is there a limit? I have no idea. I know I. My home is in uh Pensacola Florida. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it's they do a lot of shark fishing in that you know in the gulf. Right. And um there's a certain period of time during the year they have all along the gulf coast from I guess from Galveston to Mayport they have uh shark tournaments. And you know there's part. Either as part of or separate from the uh bill fishing tournaments they usually have so I have not done uh much freshwater fishing oh for you know lake lake fishing for bass and so forth but uh maybe some what they call brim and those sorts of things but nothing. Right. <SEP> Oh really. Right. <SEP> Uh-huh. I think I've been trout fishing once. I've never fly fished. Have you fly fished? Uh no. I haven't. I don't know that I could do that. That looks awful tiring. <SEP> I've tried it once. Did you. Yes. Uh a friend of mine. Didn't like it? <SEP> No. I could never get the hang of it. It looks complicated to me. It's a rhythm or something. <SEP> Uh-huh. I usually ended snagging my uh fishing partners or the trees along the bank. Catching tree bass. Right. Yes. Almost got an owl once. Did you. <SEP> That would have been something. But uh. So do you do you fish mainly for trophies. Or do you do you eat what you fish. <SEP> Oh no. No. No. No. I used uh when I was uh working in Florida I used to do a lot of surf fishing mostly for relaxation. Uh-huh. Right. <SEP> You know there are people who fish. And then there are people who catch. Right. Well I'm a fisher. You just like to sit down and watch it right. <SEP> That's right. I've never caught that much. But uh. Really. Oh and occasionally we'd go out on a you know full day trip you know three or four other people and do either again bottom fishing or or for grouper. Right. <SEP> Right. Or I used to catch you know I've caught a few worthwhile snappers red snappers and gray snappers and so forth. That's nice. <SEP> What about you you a. Well most of my fishing is done at um area lakes around here freshwater lakes. Uh-huh. And um most of it. I haven't been really in a long time. Last time I went I actually was in Galveston trying to saltwater fish. And it just wasn't working with my freshwater tackle. That was real fun. <SEP> Um but um I went fishing at I don't know if you've ever heard of uh Lake Worth. It's a fairly new lake in Texas. Oh yes. And uh we went fishing there last memorial day. And I caught my first bass that was actually big enough to keep. I was so excited. And uh that's really about it. Mostly just the lakes around here. And I fish to take home and cook. <SEP> I don't I don't get too much joy out of just sitting and watching. I get a little bit of relaxation from it. But mainly I um I want to say I brought something home. I want to say I did this. I was out there for a reason. <SEP> The last time I went uh bass fishing. I was with my daughter a friend of hers and well a friend of mine and his daughter. We I was the only one who did not catch a single fish. Really. <SEP> My daughter caught fish. His daughter caught fish. He caught fish. Everybody but you. <SEP> I did not even I did not even. I have been I was out on a party boat a few years ago. And we we were grouper fishing. Or you know actually we were uh snapper fishing. Everyone on the boat was catching snapper snappers except guess who. It had to be you. I ca- I. Couldn't catch one to save your life. Huh. <SEP> That's right. I would go from one side of the boat to the other. And uh the uh the party boat captain could not understand you know. He even even he started baiting my hook and holding holding the uh the fishing rod. <SEP> How funny. Just hoping maybe he could pull. Right. And it was it was really really really bad. Uh I as I said I am a fisher. I'm not a catcher. Right. <SEP> But uh I enjoy it though. I don't really get out as much as I uh as I would like too. Yeah. And they do of course you know. Here in. We're only just a few not a few minutes we're you know forty five minutes to an hour away from the eastern shore here in Maryland. Right. <SEP> And they do a lot of fishing there. Of course what I used to like to do though is go snorkeling for scallops in some of the bays or uh or oy- for oysters. Oh yeah. That would be fun. <SEP> And uh that I was able to do when I could go in and go down and actually pick them off the bottom. Right. Hand picked. <SEP> That right. The weirdest fishing experience I ever had. People to this day are still trying to figure out if I really caught what I think I caught. We were in uh Rockport which is close to Corpus. Uh-huh. And we had been fishing in a canal. They had all these canals up through this one little retirement area. And uh we'd been fishing in the canals. And all we were catching were catfish. And we were pretty bored with that. So we thought well maybe there are some crab in here. We'll try to catch some crab. So I got my chicken and all my little net and everything. And something. I had a rock to weight it down. Something grabs and just runs with it. And of course there's no hook. So it can't be a fish. <SEP> Uh-huh. I'm sure it's not a fish. Right. And crab they don't bite like that. They don't just run with your food. So I netted it. And it was the ugliest fish I've ever seen in my life. It had real teeth like human teeth. And it looked archaic. I I had no idea what it was. I called my father long distance just to describe the thing. And it had the rock in its mouth not the chicken. But the rock itself is what it had grabbed. Um. They say it's a dog fish from everything I've described. It was brown with these little white dots. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it made a loud almost a croaking noise like a croaker does. Uh-huh. It it was the strangest thing. Oh I'll never get over that. To this day I don't want to get in the water anywhere around salt water because I'm sure one of those fish are there. <SEP> Well we used to. I guess the weirdest thing I've ever caught is uh in some of the inlets and the rivers around Delaware. Uh-huh. <SEP> They have a fish that's called an oyster cracker. I don't know if you've ever heard of it. I've never heard of that one. And it has a huge strong mouth. And they actually uh use their teeth to open oysters. That's where it gets its name obviously huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And this is the ugliest fish I have ever seen. And I mean and they come in all si- you know. I've I've caught them from you know three or four inches long up to uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I guess the largest one I ever caught was probably eight or ten inches long. But just huge ugly things just terrible. Huh. Can you eat them? <SEP> No. No. Ooh. I I don't think I'd want to even if you could if they're that ugly. But. They just they just look as though you do not want to do anything with them. That's like this dog fish. It was it scared me to death. <SEP> Uh-huh. It was u- it really it didn't look like it looked like it was something out of the dark ages that just never died. Well the first time I went surf fishing was in. And I threw my line out. And the first thing I caught was a sand shark which was probably a foot and a half or uh two feet long. <SEP> And scared me to death. Oh. I had never seen anything. And then I was fi- fished for another half hour or forty-five minutes caught a few white fish and so forth. And then I felt something relatively heavy. And I thought oh really here I'm really going to get one. <SEP> And I.
sw2840.txt:Do you have any particular thoughts about the school system? Well um I I think that in in uh. Recently with the. I'm not sure if it's more a problem with American families or a problem with the school system. They seem to be burdening the school system more and more with problems any problems that a child might have whether it's actually a school related thing or not. And I. <SEP> I say agree with you a hundred percent there. Yeah. And and well it's gotten to a point where the schools are expected to take care of everything. Yeah. <SEP> If uh you've some kid who doesn't have uh who's from a broken family the schools are supposed to fill that void. It's gotten way beyond teaching uh you know teaching classes and maybe providing extracurricular sports activities or something like oh were kind of traditionally the school's roles. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. It's interesting. Because uh we're just having conversation on this uh with a couple of people yesterday. And I was expressing my frustrations that uh some of the so many problems I work in a high school are that kids don't have a a degree of self-discipline which may be reflected in society at large. Uh and you can't expect in a classroom for a particular course an hour a day to counteract uh sixteen or seventeen years of influence at home. Right. Um and it's seen more so because when you call parents up many parents won't even recognize that there is a problem. And I'll say they'll say oh well our kids my kid. I've never heard anything about this before. This is the first time there have been problems. And and you wonder don't these parents know that teachers talk. And you know we do check with other teachers. And other teachers find the same things in this child. <SEP> Right. And you know how do you tell your parent's the parent hey wake up and smell the coffee. Right. But um it it is a problem. And I'm not sure just uh how how the school system could operate in a vacuum on it. <SEP> Yeah. Whether maybe through a commitment of the P T A uh and the parents being informed better that in fact that the problems that are nationwide are problems um of society and that that the school can only do so much on it. Yeah. <SEP> Well then then again when you have uh a society where a certain percentage of the parents are uh doing drugs in the home uh either unemployed and don't care about a uh just a have their own problems how how do you expect the school to um or how do you expect the. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> You can't really expect that parent who's quite frankly a loser in life as it is to to care about the the situation with their child. That's right. Uh-huh. <SEP> And. You know what scares me too is that we have yet to see other the biggest effect of the crack children uh in the school system. Right. These are children that are born with low deficit attention deficit. <SEP> Right. And gosh what's going to happen when these kids start coming into the school system. That's really scary. Yeah. But there are I think there are a couple of areas where the school system can improve. And this is something that I see. Too many times students get diagnosed as mo- slow learners. And in fact they're not. They're behavior problems. <SEP> Right. And so they get put in in in our school system in a class that's limited for skills children that have really have to master skills. Uh-huh. And that's not their problem. Um at the same time I've seen we we have a an international population. There's no bridge area for students coming out of the E S O L which is English for Speakers of Other Languages program. <SEP> Uh-huh. The. Once they're past E S O L they get out. They got thrown right into the total mainstream. Right. And uh there really needs to be a bridge some sort of transition for that. <SEP> Right. So the school systems can improve both in standing up for splitting classes you know having learning dis- learning slow slow children in slow classes but not mixing them with behavior problems. Right. And then you know the case where they put the behavior problems in the average classes. You get these kids that are average students but highly motivated. <SEP> Right. And then you throw in kids that are not motivated maybe bright but they're discipline problems. And you sometimes. The average classes really are problems because you've got such a mixed bag there. Uh-huh. <SEP> Right. You know the gifted and talented are fast classes. There's really not that much of a problem with. But it's. Well I I've seen more uh incredibly intelligent underachievers than than uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> I personally I will I would take a person who's motivated and a little uh less intelligent than the person who uh is one of these very intelligent people who just kind of isn't motivated to do anything. That's. Yeah. I remember I had a college professor who once said that genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. <SEP> Yeah. Well I not to toot my own horn here or anything but I I was graduated from my high school. I was the valedictorian. And I know that there were a lot of kids that were an awful lot smarter than me. Uh-huh. And they proved out late when it came time to take the S A T -s. Mine were good. Uh-huh. <SEP> But they weren't great. Uh-huh. And uh when I got into college I struggled I struggled just to uh get my degree in the in the field that I was in. Yeah. <SEP> Whereas I knew people that in high school were kind of lazy and all. But they got motivated in college. And they did a lot better than I did. And when it. Yeah. I guess kids do mature at different ages too. Right. That's. And you know as a teacher you you try to make be understanding that you know there are different ages. Kids are. Is this a. Got a kid that just a question of maturity. Or is he a problem child. <SEP> Uh-huh. But teachers are asked to diagnose so much. Um there I mean I mean we're have to be. We're alerted. Right. There's all sorts of systems where suicide uh predisposition. I mean we're alerted to what the moment we see something. If we see a child that we have any reason that's on drugs such as if he's got a beeper or if they're if they're flashing lots of money around. We've there are certain things to do. I mean so tea- the school system's asked to do so much. But you can't operate in a vacuum. <SEP> You actually have students with with beepers? This is a we're in a rather wealthy suburb of Washington. Uh-huh. And a student with a beeper immediately gets sent down to the uh principal. <SEP> I mean where. What are the. What could they possibly be thinking. I mean how. It's for drug use. They can't imagine for anything else. Yeah. Yeah. You know it's it's amazing. But uh you get all sorts you get all all sorts of things uh in the schools uh uh. And it's. And you know as a teacher you're alert you're alert for the kid who's very drowsy. You're alert to the kid who suddenly has a um behavioral change. And you refer them to the nurse. <SEP> Right. And so I mean you have to find out whether there's a legitimate reason or whether this is a warning signal. Yeah. Can you how can you how can you expect to. And parents frequently resent when you ask them. Is there a problem that we should be aware of? <SEP> Oh yeah. I I I was uh sitting in the barber shop. I'm an officer in the Air Force. And I was having my hair cut. Uh-huh. And the barber got a call while I was there uh from his son's school. His son's in high school. And his son was failing gym and uh and having trouble with a few other things. <SEP> But you know it's like uh this guy was like why now there's no problem with my kid. My kid's a great kid and all this. The kid had missed all these classes. And basically he his answer was Oh I gave him permission to to miss. Uh-huh. Yeah. The denial mechanism is really strong. And so many parents are facilitators. <SEP> Yeah. I mean they're manipulated by their children. Right. I've been fortunate. I have uh a son who's a sophomore in college up in Massachusetts at uh Amherst. <SEP> Uh-huh. And my other son is a senior in high school. And he's going on to Williams. And I mean they're really super. They're both national level swimmers. Sure. And where we've been very fortunate. But you know they had to be held accountable too. <SEP> Right. I mean you know at some point a parent does help their kid but in in some ways. But but you have to say at what point isn't the help becoming negative. Sure. And I think this is where the school system at is suffering and not through any fault of the effort of the school system. <SEP> Right. But gee it was good talking with you. It was good talking to you too. Yeah. So there are people throughout the country that feel the same ways that you do and and are connected with the schools. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I've had interesting conversations on several subjects not uh not just this but different the different things. Uh-huh. <SEP> It's amazing how the you know people you talk to have some interesting conversations. And uh it's too bad that all this stuff is just being thrown into a data base and that none of the ideas or thoughts are being used at all. Well we are though. Yeah. That's true. Listen. Good luck. Take care. <SEP> Yep. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw2932.txt:Well Carol since today's subject is our homes. Why don't you tell me about yours. Okay. I live in Plano in a four bedroom two bath house which is the area's dominantly three bedroom two bath. So I'm just a little bit different than typical uh. And of course the Plano area is basically with alleyways. So everything around here is set up that way. Which I think is a little bit different than most areas in the houses the way they're constructed. And it's a brick house with uh some wood. It's real nice. I like it. How about you? Well I I certainly hope so. We have a a classic ranch up in Denton. Ranch style home I shou- I would hate to think that anybody thought uh the lot we live on as a ranch. Uh it's in a subdivision and one story. It started out life as a three bedroom house and now has no two car garage and has uh the two extra rooms enclosed. I suppose we still only have three effective bedrooms. But we gained a playroom for the kids and an office out of enclosing the garage. <SEP> Are most of the houses in your area three bedroom two bath? Almost a hundred percent. I I can't think of any four bedroom houses in the subdivision. Ours is probably the closest to it. You know how realtors are. They'll say oh this could be five bedrooms. Yeah. If you had two people that don't have any clothes it could be a five bedroom house. <SEP> Yeah. To. Don't need a closet. The only thing about mine um I think there's probably about oh when I go down the street I can just pick out houses that are that are identical to mine. And usually they are the four bedroom um. But they're spaced out oh I'd say maybe three on a two block period. Because it's all different builders up here. So it's kind of hard at that point to you know classify some of the builders. But most of the builders all built three two. But the one thing my house is a little bit different. And I can pick it out again because it's not typical. Is I've got the oh what do you call a uh double ceiling double high in one half of the house. So like the den and the living room are all double cathedral ceilings. Uh cathedral ceilings. <SEP> And uh the kitchen is norm. And the bedrooms are norm. So it just goes down the dining room the family room and the living room that way. And I love the space. It just it's uh. Luckily I came from a house in Colorado which had the cathedral ceiling. And I just lucked out and walked into this one. And of course I felt the same airy feeling which I liked it real well. So it's a nice thing to move into. But again it's not typical in this area. You can just spot them because the ce- the roof is so hi- much higher. But uh. Well I hadn't thought about it in that sense of the high roofs. We have cathedral ceilings in uh two rooms. In the uh family room and in the master bedroom. And those are are pleasant. Yeah. Well it's like when my son goes up into the up into the furnace area over the garage. Yeah. <SEP> He can walk. And he's six foot. And he says oh come on up mom. I'm not going up there. I'm not going up there. But he says there's plenty of room up there for a room. So that means if I knock out the wall in my family room I could make another room overlooking my family room from upstairs with no problem. But um I'm not that ambitious. I tol-. Maybe someday when I feel really ambitious and an- get angry I'll start poking holes up there but until that time. But uh I've noticed the houses around here are basically it's one story and they're all basically two uh bath two uh with three bedrooms. And we're. Ninety I would say about oh about ninety-five percent no I guess may- probably a hundred percent of them all are mostly brick uh with some wood. Right. <SEP> But it's it's basically all brick. The next subdivision over from me is total brick. And the one on the other side of me is about the same as mine. But uh the one on opposite the street now they're total brick. And they're basically almost all three two. They're all three two. But of course they have a little river going down their area too which is kind of nice. If it's the kind of river I'm thinking of better them than than us you know. Are you talking about a a real river creek? No. It's a creek. They've put little fountains in and such. Well that's nice. Uh I came from Mississippi recently. And the rivers that we had there were the ones that came with the rains. And they didn't pay any any attention to banks and that kind of stuff. <SEP> Oh. So you're just as likely to fl- wake up and discover you're in two inches of water. Do you have a lot of property I mean a lot of yard around your house now in Denton? Uh it's a third of an acre. I don't think that's a lot uh. In fact I have been real disappointed in the six years that I've lived out here about lot sizes. I'm more accustomed to a one acre lot being a standard and the two acre being what most people have. <SEP> Yeah. When you get down closer in to the newer tract homes you find almost like there's no lot line at all. They're built practically on top of each other. That's true. I know I was. An and while while there are some advantages to that there's less time spent outside making it look nice and taking care of things. Uh I just feel hemmed in by that. It's not as comfortable a living for me. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well this subdivision here has got. Oh there's enough to put oh I'd say uh what twelve feet between each house on each side. Well I've got more on one side than I've got on the other. But I'm like you. I came down from Colorado. And there was more land up there around a yard with a big full back yard which here I look out my back yard and I can see the gate. I mean the fence is right there. I mean just don't run too fast. Or you'll hit it. And I'm not used to that either. I mean I could see people putting swimming pools in the back yard all around me. But to me you put the swimming pool in your back yard. And you've lost your back yard. Entirely. I mean uh sure. I mean you've got a little place on one side or the other. But uh to me they're not that big enough for a pool. But you know they're going up. So. But it's uh it's great for mowing. Fro- from that aspect you're right. And and it doesn't take nearly as long to get out there and weed it by hand and that kind of stuff. <SEP> But yes. I'm used to uh walking out the back yard. And you can play catch across the back yard. And you've got plenty of room to even play a small game of baseball but don't do it around here. No. The one. That's sort of what drove me to Denton when I first came out here in eighty-five. I started looking. And it seemed like the further I got away from Dallas center uh the more lot came with the house and and the lower the price at the same time. And it just seemed like there was a ten thousand dollar drop for each city. <SEP> I hadn't thought about it that way. S- so moving up thirty-five I stopped when I got to Denton. Uh. It ju-. Well see now with our jobs mainly hitting downtown Dallas we couldn't go too much further. But we pra- we went that way. It was the schools and the cost of houses. So we kept going out until we figured we hit a point where we need the traffic time to get into work. And that's where we stopped. It was the tham- same problem. But I think Plano's. You all both you all both work downtown? <SEP> I got layed off by T I. Oh well this is a wonderful thing that that you're doing here still helping them out. Oh I ye-. Uh but you were working downtown. <SEP> No. I was working at the Dallas site. My ex-husband was working downtown. Oh. But I have uh no T I as far as I concerned they've been great as far as layoffs is concerned. So I have no problems. But as far as the housing I would like personally I would like to move out of a four bedroom house and go with something smaller. But prices in Plano there isn't um there isn't a section in Plano you can really move to without getting caught. And uh it my price right now for what I pay.
sw2285.txt:Okay. Well like I was saying Burlington's crime it doesn't involve children. And what you see on the T V -s from you know in Washington and New York. So what I believe the people want. The subject is is big city crime which is something that I don't have any first hand experiences about. But I have you know concerns. And I have a few ideas of um how to combat it. Uh-huh. I mean I don't I don't think ideally you know you need money to do everything. So That's one thing. <SEP> Uh-huh. That that's that's crime that you can't fight it if you need that money. So. Right. Yeah. Well when uh we lived in San Antonio. I grew up around San Antonio. And it's always been a very large uh city and increasingly growing. It's has kind of the split population. Um there's a lot of retired military uh individuals that live there. And then there's a very large Hispanic population there. And the one thing that we noticed that over the years has gotten worse and worse is Hispanic uh gang crime in the city. Oh. <SEP> And that has uh been the worse thing that we've seen happening. Does it spread out of the neighborhoods into the more the uh retired people's community. Or does it stay in the bad neighborhoods? Um the majority of the actual gang crimes like the pat- the drive by shootings and stuff stays in the neighborhoods. But the crime spreads out into the more affluent divisions through robberies rape and uh car crime. There's a very large uh or very high percentage of car theft. And San An- San Antonio's not far from the border to Mexico. So a lot of the uh cars go to uh you know shops. And they take them apart. And a lot of them go over the border especially like Mercedes. A lot of those those in the the Z uh the Z cars the Datsun cars end up over the border. And uh. So that's a big concern if you live there is to really lock your car up. <SEP> Very much so. Very much so. In fact for a while there they had downtown if you were to come to a stop light they had a rash of where people were when people were stopped at stop signs that people would get in their car and hold a knife and hold them up. So now ever since then when you drive into the city most people keep their doors locked while they're in the car until they get down there. And once you've reached the the river walk area which is the tourist area it's usually pretty safe during the day if you're just kind of cautious and don't go down the back streets or alleys and um you know or alone. If you stay with the groups and along the area where they have the river patrol cops it's very nice. But at at evening um again you they have the high tourist area the river walk area which is nice. But you don't want to get off the beaten track. Um there's a lot of parking garages there because parking is very tight. And so you don't want to get caught in the parking garage uh alone. Oh my it sounds like um San Juan Puerto Rico. We were there just well for a lay over. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um well it wasn't a lay over. We were we had we were staying at the other end of the island. And we drove into San Juan to catch our plane. Uh-huh. It was at night. And this boy really wanted to go on the beach. And they look at you crazy. <SEP> Uh-huh. You don't go on the beach. Uh-huh. Well it's a big tourist town you know. Don't they don't people go for a walk on the beach at night? And they said no. It's very safe in the daytime. <SEP> Uh-huh. But at night they even have the policemen come around at dusk and sound their sirens pretty much telling people be wary you know and get off the beach. It's just so sad you know. It is just really so sad you know. It is just really so sad because you can't enjoy anything any more. Um in San Antonio I don't know what the answer is. Education I think is a lot of it. Um so many of the kids are drop outs. Um uh there's a lot of drugs that go on and that they just have hopeless lives. They they lead themselves down hopeless tunnels. I think education helps a little bit there. Um then again I don't know really what steps there are that they. Well what they what they say they try to do is to get the kids um early and young. <SEP> Uh-huh. And what we have here in Burlington which it doesn't cost a lot of money but they have a kids council that they have all these after school activities for kids. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. They set up kids with elderly people in the winter time they shovel their snow. They have a big brother big sister program. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. They have bottle drives. They have cleanup outings. And they have also organized fun activities like gyms going to the beach and playing volleyball at the beach in the summer. And they have gyms open. And it seems that the younger you can get them and get them involved with programs after school you might keep them. <SEP> Uh-huh. But you again you need that one on one like a big brother trying to keep the younger kid you know tell him hey stay in school. It'll get better you know. So that your mom doesn't have a job. <SEP> Uh-huh. And she doesn't work. You don't know. You can be better than that. You don't have to live on the you know for a street life. Uh-huh. But. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's good that sounds like they've got a lot going on there. Yeah. But it's so cheap they don't have a problem here. I mean um they can deal with that scale. Uh-huh. They might have five hundred troubled youths. <SEP> Uh-huh. When you have five thousand troubled youths plus when you're getting into th- well the kids now it's twelve years old. And they're selling drugs. Uh-huh. And they've got a fifteen year old that's their boss that is carrying a gun. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. It's just it's the morals of the people which I mean I guess we everybody's responsible for the society. But if I had a child that that did things so bad. It's not they don't care about anybody. <SEP> Uh-huh. These people they're stealing from they're just the big bad rich guy. Uh-huh. And we don't have it. So we deserve it. And we should take it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. I don't know how you combat that. I I don't know where you start or with a lot of these kids. Um so many of them all they see is just the gangs. Yes. And unless you can take them out of the environment enough to where they don't have the peer pressure from the gangs as soon as they come home from school. Well I think a lot of it is the parents are totally irresponsible too. We're talking these kids are fourteen years old. <SEP> Oh yeah. The parents might be thirty years old. Uh-huh. And I'm thirty years old. And I'm kind of irresponsible. But I have the morals that keep me from you know. If I was going to go out and drink or do something I wouldn't do it in front of my child. These people you know they bring their their Johns home. And they bring their drugs home. And the kids are just sitting there in the same room. <SEP> Uh-huh. It's just that they have absolutely no no morals. Uh-huh. And it's really sad. <SEP> And I don't know how you combat that. I rea-. I don't know what the answer is to that problem you know. But I like your idea of education. Uh-huh. I mean if the parents aren't supplying it they've got to get it from someone else from the schools. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> And what do those kids do. They get it at school and come home. What do they do then. I I feel I feel for them. I don't know how to make it better for them. Or you know because it they can't remove themselves. They can't just leave and say okay well it's not acceptable. I'm leaving the big city Mom. And I'm I'm going off you know. When they're ten they have to live in it. And Uh-huh. Yeah. It's really sad. Like if they did have a big brother big sister program. Those those people trying to help the kids. The parents might have hostilities towards them you know Like you're judging us. <SEP> Right. I think so. And uh. And I'm not good enough to raise my child which basically is true. Uh-huh. It's it's it's. I'm glad I don't live in a big city just because I mean not just because I wouldn't feel safe. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. It's just because that I would be reminded every day of something that I don't see. Yeah. And I might see it on a you know a SIXTY MINUTES special. <SEP> Uh-huh. No. In San Antonio it was like every day. It was just a matter of who was shot that night. I know it. But San Antonio is considered a nice clean city believe it or not. I mean they have all kinds of nice write ups about it. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh yeah. But But there's a lot of them. But any big city has a bad section. It's very prevalent. A lot of the crime is very prevalent. Yes. They're very bold it seems. <SEP> Uh-huh. Very much. When we moved here to Monterrey it was a big change because it's such a small community. We're just above Carmel. And um there's hardly. Most everybody seems pretty well employed around here. And um those that aren't. There's Celinas which is about a fifteen minute drive which is mostly migrant workers. And there's a lot of crime there um migrant Hispanic farm workers people that are down and out. And uh they all seem to congregate in Celinas not so much here in Monterrey. So it's it's pretty quiet. You know. We walk the streets at night. And uh people run in the park. And you know you're just. Have your normal smarts about you then you really don't have to worry. Or. Really. Even uh even in the worst crime areas in Burlington. I I can walk the streets. I wouldn't. I if I did it every night I think there would be trouble in our house. Uh-huh. So you wouldn't get confronted or anything. <SEP> Right. But I don't think you would uh. Someone might grab you mess around with you. But they're not going to grab you steal you- your money and slit your throat which in a lot of big cities. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. I mean that's what you you're going to have to expect that to happen. People are just totally unfeeling. Uh-huh uh. I didn't know that about Burlington. I'll have to keep that in mind.
sw3237.txt:Okay. So you said that you live in Coppell. Uh-huh. So what is your house like? <SEP> It's a two bedroom two baths duplex. Oh well that's neat. Brick and uh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Is it one you're renting or buying? No. We own it. Yeah. Well our side. Yeah. Yeah. Well that's kind of neat that you can even though it's a duplex you can still buy. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. That's good. Uh-huh. Yeah. Do you have any children? <SEP> No. Huh-uh. Do you? Yes. I have two children. And our home is really too small for us right now. Ours is too. <SEP> We outgrew it when we moved in. Yeah. We moved from an apartment that was really small. <SEP> Uh-huh. And at the time we just had a little baby that was five months old. Uh-huh. So we moved into this house in Garland. It's in one of the older areas of town. <SEP> Uh-huh. And one thing I really like is it has big trees everywhere. Uh-huh. You know lots of shade and squirrels and birds and real pretty. <SEP> Um. But the the house is real small. Yeah. It has less than a thousand square feet. <SEP> Oh wow. Yeah. It's real little. You all are cramped. Yeah. And now I have a daughter. Now my. The one that was five months old is seven years old. <SEP> Uh-huh. And the one I have another one that's three and a half and have all these clothes and toys and stuff that we're just trying to find places to put. Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh. Uh-huh. How many bedrooms is it? Well they advertised it as a three bedroom house because it has a built on addition room you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But the room that's built on doesn't have a closet. <SEP> Oh. So um the people that lived here before us did use it for a bedroom. Uh-huh. But we have always just put like our computer and extra toys and books and. <SEP> Uh-huh. You know it's kind of a catch all room. But it sure is nice to have it when the kids come over to play. <SEP> Yeah. They all go out there to play with the Barbies and that kind of stuff. Uh-huh. So. <SEP> How fun. Yeah. That works out good. And I'm thankful I have two girls because they're in bunk beds. And so you know they can share a room and uh make for more space that way. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And how old's the youngest? She's three and a half. Uh-huh. Yeah. So um and right now we have their clothes on uh like double racks you know in the closet. <SEP> Uh-huh. We made a higher and a lower. Uh-huh. And it works out fine. But they're just about to get too tall where the dresses are beginning to drag you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. And um we're going to have to figure out a new idea. But we're we're kind of looking around and wanting to move into a bigger home uh hoping to be able to do that within a year or so. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. So that would be nice. <SEP> That's what we'd like to do. Yeah. Is Coppell a nice area to live? Oh it's a wonderful place to live. And they. I don't have any kids. So I don't really know. But they say that we have wonderful schools. Well I think I've heard a lot uh about Coppell schools that they're real good. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's neat. Um. Do you do you hope to have children. Or are you not planning on having any. Or. <SEP> I don't think so. No. I see. Well do you have any pets? <SEP> Oh of course those are my kids. Oh yeah. I have two dogs. Uh-huh. <SEP> Well do they stay inside. Or. Yeah. They're inside dogs. Well that's that's neat. <SEP> They're my babies. Yeah. Well what are the colors in your house? <SEP> Uh um kind of a mauve and gray. Oh I bet that's pretty. Uh-huh. And then the kitchen's kind of a a country pink and country blue. And it's all done in cows. Uh-huh. <SEP> I'm a cow nut. Oh that's neat. I like cows too. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> So. Well our house was redo- uh. Our house is very old also. Uh-huh. It's like thirty-seven years old. <SEP> Wow. Yeah. And it was redone before we moved in which. I'm thankful for that. But the. It was redone at the time probably when earth tones were in. Yeah. Everything is. <SEP> Yeah. Like the carpet's kind of a tan and brown and has um paneling in the living room and lots of lots of tans and lots of browns. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But the good thing is you can bring out other colors from that. Oh yeah. Yeah. You know so uh that's worked out good. In the in the kitchen they put real pretty blue and tan um wallpaper had done it up with blues. <SEP> Uh-huh. So that's nice. But yeah. Oh sounds pretty. Yeah. We've enjoyed living here. <SEP> It's close to my uh oldest daughter's school. Oh. And that makes it really handy too. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And she really likes her school. So. Good. And we are so close to shopping. And. <SEP> That's an important factor there. Yeah. How about in Coppell? I've always imagined it kind of out away from everything. Well you know now we have that new mall in Lewisville. Oh really. <SEP> And that's just like a mile or two from our house. Oh well that's nice. But when we first moved to Coppell it's what six years ago we didn't even have a grocery store. Oh wow. <SEP> And now we have four. Oh. And Coppell's not really big enough to support fo- four grocery stores. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> So. But it does sound like it's definitely growing. Oh much very much. Yeah. <SEP> In fact it's about the size now. I moved down here from Chicago what twenty-three years ago and to Lewisville. Oh uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> And Coppell's now about the size that Lewisville was when when I moved down here. Oh I see. Well when we first moved here we moved here from Lubbock. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we almost moved to Lewisville. That was our second choice yeah behind Garland. Oh really. We at the time we thought we might buy a mobile home.
sw3883.txt:Okay. So how do you just figure. Well you know it depends upon our weather here. You know. Today was a beautiful day. It was like uh uh summer day. It was seventy degrees. So so I dressed in uh uh a light weight skirt. Wow. <SEP> It's a uh ultra suede skirt and a blouse with a sweater cardigan over it. Uh-huh. Because I had some appointments at the office today some interviews. And so I had to dress up anyway. And then I wore heels you know. Uh-huh. <SEP> But when it rains a lot which is has been doing here a lot lately uh very often you know wear uh pants and boots you know. Oh. So how do you dress? Well um I'm going to talk about when I was working as a teacher and when I was working at now. <SEP> Okay. Um when I was a teacher um in Utah I would generally wear um dresses and heels and things like that. Uh-huh. And even when it um rained and snowed I just braved it. And I wore heels anyway. <SEP> Yeah. And. I I can see. I I've been a teacher so has my daughter. And I know that we very often wore heels despite the fact that it was tiring. I know. <SEP> It might kill you to go up and walk up to the door. That's right. But you're going to look nice for the kids. <SEP> That's right. And it always makes you feel like you're a bigger person than the kids right? Oh oh yeah. Well I need all the height I can get. Yeah. I do too. So to be taller than some of the boys in the bigger grades uh older grades I had to wear heels. Oh yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. We too. Um. If it was real- it looked really dangerous then I would wear boots. But then I would change um into heels as soon as I got to my desk. Uh-huh. So um. <SEP> Of course we wear uh an unlined boots you know. It has a heel on it. They're the kind of boots that I wear to work. And we wear them you know. They're a leather boot that you wear. And as I said they have a regular heel on them high heel. Oh. And they wear them we wear them a lot with shirts and things. Uh it's kind of a. I can't say constant down here in Texas that you wear these boots. They're not a cowboy boot. But they're just a real pretty boot. But they keep your feet nice and toasty from the rain. Oh. <SEP> As I have a private high school that I run here and so when I'm interviewing a parent of course I feel like I need to wear heels you know and look like I'm a business person. You know because the children will tease about where's your motorcycle if you wear boots too often you know. Sure. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Huh. Well um. <SEP> Of course you probably wear coats a lot. Yeah um. The first two years I was in a room where they didn't heat it. So I did. Oh my goodness. So then you had to. Yeah. And then the third year we um got heating. So it was nice. <SEP> Yes. Then things improved right? Right. Uh-huh. But of course here we wear a light weight jacket a lot you know you know. Oh that's nice. <SEP> And uh that's very seldom. We it depends upon our winter. We have a few days you might wear a coat winter coat you know. But most of the time you can wear a sweater. And we just don't wear coats much. We often laugh about even when it turns chilly. We're wearing something lightweight or no jacket because we're so used to running around like that. Uh-huh. Oh. Nice. Well. It's really different. Let's put it that way. Are you not teaching anymore? Uh no. We we moved to Iowa. And um I'm working at a day care right now. <SEP> I see. And so the way I dress is really different because I'm working in the nursery room with kids from six months to like twenty months. Oh so you don't wear heels anymore I'll bet. Yeah. I wear uh tennis shoes and jeans and things that you know are sort of um. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. More practical. Not. Yes. It doesn't matter if I have to wash it a hundred times or something. <SEP> When you were teaching did you ever have uh uh a blue jean day or anything like that? Yeah. But I never wore jeans because um I thought that was too casual. Yeah well. For. <SEP> I know that some of the schools they have uh country western day or something like that one you know or tacky day. And I always thought it was kind of out of got out of hand when the teachers looked real tacky too. Yeah. Really. It's all right for the students. They look tacky a lot. But I didn't think teachers should you know. Yeah. That's how I feel too. <SEP> Yeah. Do you like uh uh Iowa? Um oh it there's some good things about it. But I've seen. A lot of things I'm not used to yet um. Where did you live before? Um we lived in Utah before. And and I grew up in California. <SEP> Oh well that's quite a change from California to Utah.
sw3200.txt:Okay. I'll let you start. Do you all keep a budget. And how do you hold to yours? No. I I never keep a budget. My budget or philosophy I guess is spend as little as possible. Well that's that's good. <SEP> And uh and it's it's sor- sort of always worked. Especially for these times. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh but that depends you know on the individual if they can I guess have self-control. Well that's a lot of it. Uh I know we tried several different ways. One time we tried something that really worked. But we didn't keep it up. I passed it on to a friend. And she won't quit doing it. She loves it. And that was the envelope system. Where you go ahead and decide about how much based on what you did last month that you are going to spend. Uh-huh. And you put the cash in envelopes marked for that. So you have one for entertainment and one for groceries et cetera. And then for some reason taking it out of that envelope and seeing it in cash instead of in check form uh causes you to realize how much is left. And she even writes down on the envelope as she subtracts and kind of debits on each envelope what she's buying. <SEP> Uh-huh. And then at the end of the of the period pay period if she has any left that much is for fun or entertainment. Uh-huh. And they kind of work it that way. We tried for a while. And a seems like the problem that they were having of all the of all the things that worked was not planning enough for the incidentals that we couldn't think about. <SEP> Yes. And those are the ones that will kill you. You know the accid- the accidental fee or the car repair or the things that weren't supposed to be every month. Well yeah. I I couldn't probably be bothered doing that every month. Uh-huh. <SEP> And and ever since. That's what I mean. It was a hassle. Uh well we've been married almost thirty years now. But uh my husband got paid once a month. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So you learn to get. That's that's kind of hard. <SEP> Right. You learn to get through you know to the end of the month. And uh. But do you sort of self budget even. I mean you wouldn't like on payday think boy I can go do this and that and this and that. You kind of think this is got to str-. No. You kind of divide it in fourths in a way don't you? <SEP> No. Because if you charge things uh you pay all your bills at the beginning of the month when you get paid. Right. Or you get paid the last day or next to the last day. Right. <SEP> You pay all your bills. And there isn't anything left to spend anyway. Well that's true. What we're in the process of doing right now is paying off our credit cards entirely. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we're going to go ahead and try to just live on what we earn instead of guessing ahead of what we probably will have next month. Well yeah. We we tried to to to. Oh. <SEP> Or we are paying them off now. Yeah. We're not there yet. Uh there was a time when maybe we didn't take all of them off. Uh-huh. <SEP> But you just sort of had to watch what you put in because you hate to pay those finance charges when you see how much it is. Uh-huh. That's right. <SEP> That's right. And for most of uh. I mean I'm a substitute teacher. And I've only substituted I guess for the last fifteen years. Huh. <SEP> So there's only been really one working. Uh-huh. Same here. Uh-huh. And uh it it works for me. But I can't see that it would work for probably the majority of people. Well I could say it's kind of. You know that's that's good. You ma- you probably have a little extra than you have to have to. You know what I'm saying? <SEP> Yeah. And so that that's the difference there where sometimes like I know if we've had an especially bad month and we're just almost getting down to payday then I think if we could really budget. We tried one tim-. I know when we were planning to buy the new car and we hadn't had a car payment in five years we had to go ahead and write down each month what it was that every penny went for to see how much was going to be left. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And that was a real eye opener. Uh-huh. It it is when you do it that way. <SEP> Uh-huh. But to to have lived by that every week would have been tough for me because sometimes I'll spend less on groceries but we'll go out. So it's kind of hard to say this is how much you're going to spend going out for fun. This is how much you're going to spend. It's kind of hard. Well we we eat out a good deal at this point. Do you? <SEP> I I started subbing just to go on a vacation and saved all that money so because I knew that you couldn't you know spending five thousand dollars on a vacation or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Right. <SEP> Right. We were going to go for ten weeks uh in nineteen eighty. Oh. <SEP> So I started working in nineteen eighty-seven and just saved for three years. How nice. Uh-huh. <SEP> But the. What minuscule amount I made. But that way you just didn't put it on your credit card. W-. Well that's. <SEP> And and it was paid for. And it made a big. And you enjoyed it better probably. Yes. Yeah. <SEP> And so I think that that's difficult for most people. But then my father was very Scotch. I think so too. And you know you never could afford anything although we could afford everything if he wanted to. Um. So if you're out like in a department store and there's a sale you're just real careful not to let your urges get hold of you? <SEP> Yes. That's that's excellent. That's what I'm working toward. I think you're probably much ahead of me there. And I'm working on it. And I never worried about saving money because we just we're in the savings plan at work. And they took it out. So. Same here. Same here. <SEP> I uh. And I think though that we need to have some liquid around that you don't have to go through the company to get. Uh-huh. You know? <SEP> Well we never had too much of that. Yeah. But then we never had any really emergencies that uh. That came up. Yeah. <SEP> And we didn't buy really new or expensive cars. I think the most my we're looking at cars now uh we ever spent for a new car was like six thousand dollars. Uh-huh. And they were mainly used cars. Well that's the best thing to do. My husband said the other day it was the worst mistake we ever did to buy a new car because it wasn't worth it from the day after. <SEP> Yeah. So. So. You know we've been rather rather frugal in that. In that respect. Rather frugal. Well that's that's going to payoff on retirement. <SEP> Yeah. So. Well it uh. I guess we've completed. Do you think we've been here to in-. <SEP> Well each time they used to call in and tell me their space is limited and to please uh.
sw3830.txt:Hello? Hello. How you doing? <SEP> Fine. I'm Lee with uh uh. I'm over here in Plano Texas. Okay. Let me ask you something can I run a minute and shut my radio off? Oh sure. <SEP> Okay. Oh. Okay. Where are you calling from. Or where are you at? <SEP> Arlington. Arlington Texas. Arlington. <SEP> Yes. Well there's a lot of s- stuff going on in Arlington these days. Yes. Not all good stuff. Are you involved in any of that? <SEP> No. No. No. I'm not not personally. Well uh what benefits do. Now do you work? <SEP> I'm going to school right now. Oh you are? I can tell you about my last job or whatever you want to talk about that or my husband's or what I think. Okay. <SEP> Yeah. I've got a lot of. Because I I work for myself. <SEP> Uh-huh. And so uh there's a lot that I that I guess I do miss uh a lot of benefits from working for a big corporation. I miss uh insurance and uh the steady paychecks that come. Yes. <SEP> Right. Yes. But uh. <SEP> Yes. I've been in my own business Mary Kay in fact. I'm selling in out now to go to school full time. And I enjoyed the freedom of having that you know. Oh is that right? Go to work when I wanted to or not. Uh-huh. <SEP> But you know the benefits weren't there. Yeah. So. I uh I own part of a roofing company. <SEP> Oh do you? In the in the Dallas Fort Worth area. Uh-huh. And uh you know unfortunately we we were part of a of a bigger bigger company. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they uh you know we we had all the benefits there. And and I do miss that. You know. Yeah. But uh on the other hand I I uh I enjoy having the the time that I have with my family and being able to you know work when I want. <SEP> Right. Yeah. Uh-huh. And. <SEP> I think today the thing that I uh would appreciate the most. Uh because my husband gets his medical through his company. But we have to pay for mine. Uh-huh. <SEP> And we're the only one I'm the only one that's being insured. And and we pay the same amount that someone over there that has four children has I mean. Oh is that right? So it's kind of. Yeah. <SEP> And I would. I really. And the way medical expenses are I think that's probably one of the biggest benefits to ha- you need to have. It's. Yeah. <SEP> It it. Yeah. I'll tell you what. That is the single most uh benefit that I that I enjoyed and I do miss. <SEP> Right. Because I looked into picking up some uh medical insurance for my just for my family you know just. And it is unbelievable how much you have to pay for it. It's out of sight. <SEP> Right. It's out of sight. And uh yeah. Even at a group rate I couldn't believe how much is our. Oh yeah. <SEP> Even at a group rate. Uh it's it's unbelievable. And uh the amount that you have to pay for you know for kids. And and if you want to add dental to it I mean that's that eats even more. Right. It goes up. <SEP> Right. So yeah. I guess what the other benefits that uh that I uh that I miss I guess is uh you know some of the bonuses and stuff that that goes on with just being involved with a big company you know. Uh-huh. And course these days you can't count on that because. <SEP> Right. Uh you know I feel bad for the people that are involved in that uh G M deal there in in Arlington. Right. And I'm sure it will be you know quite a few people are affected by that. So. <SEP> Right. It's going to hurt the city. Although uh I will personally tell you I used to work at a bank. And I would see the G M people come in when they were they would shut down to retool. Uh-huh. They were paid that whole time. And I don't know if you're aware of this r-. Oh really? <SEP> Yes. They come in there. Just they go off fishing and stuff and come in and every Friday and go to the safety deposit box. And I'm sitting there making a hundred dollars a week you know. And And they had all these gr-. Is that right? I I really believe they have done this to themselves in a way because of the unions being so stocked. The union. Yeah. <SEP> And right now anybody's that's laid off from G M will have a full year's paycheck. I just read this in the paper the other day. Is that right? Plus probably an additional six months through the the worker's stuff that they have at at uh through the company. So I'm sor- you know I'm sorry it's happening because it's going to hurt. Yeah. <SEP> But I don't feel as sorry for them. Well. If my husband were laid off tomorrow we'd get one more check. Really the. <SEP> And that would be it. Yeah. Really the ones it's going to hurt is is actually the the businesses around in that area. Yes. <SEP> Oh yeah. That's already hurting. You know that's the ones that that that's going to hurt because they depend on that uh. <SEP> But I think there's a case where benefits have gotten. They voted them in. And they got so good I mean like two dollars for a prescription no deductible on the medical all these things you know. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And it made the prices of cars go up. And and you know the. Uh-huh. <SEP> I we I believe in unions. But they went too far. Well I'll tell you I I've had my fill of unions. I mean I can't make eighteen dollars an hour. I. <SEP> I mean I know someone out here that makes eighteen dollars an hour. Oh yeah.
sw2131.txt:What are your m- music interests? Uh just about any kind of music except acid rock. <SEP> I I don't care for acid rock. Me too. Oh. <SEP> But uh I grew up with country and western. Yeah. I did too. But uh. Just about any kind of music. And then. <SEP> I even like classical music. Yeah. Uh I'm pretty diversified too. I I don't I don't like acid rock either. I I grew up in a small town. So uh the only we only had one radio station. So it was country music. Yeah. But then uh when I. <SEP> Yeah. I grew up with Hank Snow and Lefty Frizzell and Hank Williams and all of those old country and western songs. Oh really. You're older than I am. But uh I. Did you happen to see last night the special on Channel Two with James Galway? We don't get Channel Two. My uh our cable doesn't. <SEP> Oh. I wish we got that what. But. That is fabulous. Was it? Well we don't get Channel Two. <SEP> We. Yeah. When he played DANNY BOY it just almost brought tears to your eyes because he can make that flute sing. <SEP> Oh really? Yeah. And uh it was tremendous. Now he he is a uh. Actually I did. I played flute for almost ten years. <SEP> Yeah. And and uh so I I I appreciate his too his his mus-. Yeah. He he he's from Ireland isn't he? <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. And it was uh mostly all Irish tunes. Was i-. Yeah. They had a band with him that uh had a harpist and another flute and then a guy that played the bagpipes plus the uh tin whistle and a couple of violins and uh drum. Yeah. <SEP> Uh-huh. And they they played all the Irish jigs and so forth. It was just fabulous. Yeah. I he he is really good. Yeah. I I I come from a musical background. <SEP> Yeah. So uh uh I've played fl- flute flute and piano. So I I I have a b- big appreciation for music up to a point. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I I'm getting now to the age where I don't like the new stuff that's coming an- and much of the new stuff that's coming out. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. My husband says I'm getting old. Yeah. I love uh I li- I especially like instrumentals. Do you? <SEP> Yeah. I love to just lay back on the couch and and turn a good good instrumental on and just close my eyes and listen. Yeah. That's that's nice to do that is. I've got a I've got a I've got a two year old who's now getting. I'm getting well versed in in kiddy music. Yeah. I'm I've never played an instrument in my life. I've always wanted too. Yeah. <SEP> I've always wished my parents had forced me to learn the piano or something. Yeah. But uh. But I I'd just love to be able to go to a party or something and sit down at the piano and bang out music. I was one of the forced ones. <SEP> Oh I could never do that. And. I was never that brave. But uh yeah. <SEP> I guess the closest I've ever come to participating in music is singing in the choir. Yeah. Oh yeah. I've I've done I've done that at church too. Yeah. I haven't done that in a long time. <SEP> Yeah. So let's see. What els-. Well what kind of music do you not like? Well like I say the acid rock. I just do not ca-. An I don't care for rap music either. Oh go-. That's not music. <SEP> Uh-huh. No. That is not. I don't know what that is. But that's not music. If I can't understand the words I don't want to listen to it. Well it's it's it's not it's not music. It's just it's just uh uh talking in a beat. It is just it's not exciting at all. <SEP> Yeah. It doesn't it doesn't give you relaxation. Yeah. You can't dance to it. You can't do anything to it. <SEP> Right. But I and I love I like orchestra music too. Like the Boston Pops or or anything. Yeah. D-. <SEP> Yeah. Have you ever been to the to to the Dallas Symphony? <SEP> Uh-huh. Have you? Is i-. Are are they good? Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. They're good. Are they? I I have I have never been. And uh we went and saw uh L- L- LES MISERABLES. <SEP> Oh really? Oh the music in that was fantastic. I I've heard I've heard that that is a really. <SEP> Yeah. I heard that was hard to get tickets to. Yeah. It it uh. I can't remember how far in advance we reserved tickets. <SEP> But it was out you know out at the State Fair Music Hall. And uh it was well worth the price. Yeah. Yeah. That was a real. Was it? <SEP> Yeah. I I bet it was. Yeah. I I really bet it was. Is that the only uh musical. Do you go see a lot of musicals? <SEP> Just just ever so often you know a real a real good one like that one. Yeah. And. That that would be that would be nice. <SEP> I went and saw uh I think it was uh SUGAR BABIES. That was good. That had good music in it. Was it? How how. I can't I don't know what that's about. Uh that was the one with Mickey Rooney. And uh oh what's that real oh not real old my wife she is old too dancer uh. <SEP> I can't think of her name. I got it right on the tip of my tongue and can't say it Helen something. Uh uh uh I think I know who you're ta- oh I know who you're talking about. Real long legs and dark hair. She's got black hair. <SEP> Yeah. Okay. I know who you're talking about. I can't think ever her name either. I can't think of it. Yeah. That wa- that was that was. I remember that being uh here a few years ago. <SEP> Yeah. But uh. Oh oh the last country music. My my parents still uh really like country music. <SEP> Yeah. And they they like uh they like the Oak Ridge Boys and the Statler Brothers. Oh yeah. Yeah. And and uh well my my my my parents. <SEP> The Blackwoods. Yeah. My husband likes uh country music real well. And he he likes some of the new groups like Shenandoah. Yeah. And yeah. He really likes Shenandoah. <SEP> Alabama. Yeah. Yeah. Well yeah. Alabama. Uh. I think I think they're a bit over exposed. <SEP> Yeah. I get kind of tire- get tir- tired of every other song being Alabama on the radio. <SEP> Yeah. Either Alabama or Hank Williams Junior. Oh I I've never cared for Hank Williams Junior. <SEP> I never have either. And I never have figured out how he won uh entertainer of the year for about three or four years in a row. Oh. <SEP> Oh we we watch those award shows too. We enjoy watching the country and the Grammies and stuff. But I just I just don't care for him. Yeah. I just never have. I don't. <SEP> I guess probably my favorite all time country and western song or singer is uh probably Eddy Arnold. Is is it? Uh-huh. Okay. I I think I I know who that is. Uh-huh. I think my parents have have uh some of his records. <SEP> But uh I got a I've got about a hundred and or had a uh some uh I sold some of them I had about a hundred and fifty old seventy-eight R P M records of country and western songs. Yeah. Wow. <SEP> Smiley Burnette I don't know if you were old enough to remember him him. I've heard the name. He was uh played in the old western movies. He was the sidekick of Gene Autry I believe. Huh. <SEP> Or they. I think his name in in the movie was Froggy. And. I've I've never seen a Gene Autry movie. Had a real raspy voice. Huh. <SEP> And uh. Some of those old ones of course Bob Wills Miss Texas Playboys Ernest Tubbs and Red Foley an. No. I never have. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Those go back quite a way. Yeah. I took them up here to Collectors Rector- Records and was able to get a little money for them. Yeah. <SEP> But uh my m- mother and dad use to uh own a restaurant. It's hard to. Oh yeah. <SEP> And he had uh they had a uh nickelodeon of course in the restaurant. Yeah. And when they would come and change the records the guys would the guy would give her the old records. Well that wou-. That's neat. <SEP> So that's where I got my. That would be gr- great if they weren't too worn out at the time. Yeah. <SEP> Of course there's not a whole lot of market for seventy-eight R P M records. Is there not? You you'd well you'd think there would be. Well the problem is most of the record players now will not play them because you have to have that needle that uh particular kind of needle. Well that's true. <SEP> Oh yeah. And uh they just won't play on a modern day uh phonograph. <SEP> Well that's a shame. Because I I we go to antique stores a lot. And you see seventy-eights a a lot at at the stores a- a- at record stores. <SEP> Yeah. You'd think there'd be a market for. Yeah. I'm I'm sure you could find old players for them. But that would cost a fortune if you could find them that worked. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Oh. <SEP> Of course they you know just don't have the quality of records nowadays either because you you get that scratchy sound. No. Uh-huh. Well those things were big and thick weren't they? <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. You could kill somebody with them. Yeah. Th-. Warped real easy. And the ones you buy. Go out and buy one now. And they're just so thin and flimsy. <SEP> Yeah. And they just they're not meant to last at all. Yeah. Ne- neither are tapes. I I bu- we buy cassette tapes. <SEP> Yeah. And machines will eat them. Yeah. And so the best bet any anymo- these days are compact disk. Those things are practically indestructible. <SEP> But I I guess you know the old country and western music you. Back then when I was a kid there wasn't that much T V. Oh no. So that's all you had to listen to was the radio. Radio. <SEP> And uh. Tha- that's just what just what you had. We-. Plus. Yeah. I think it was better back then to. Th- there's too much T V now. <SEP> Yeah. And the radio is you know more exciting really than than television. Yeah. Kep-. Your imagination. <SEP> Yeah. I- i- kept. And yo-. It just didn't vegetate your mind like television does. Yeah. I remember mother and dad always turned on the Grand Ole Opera. Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Was it on the radio every week? Yeah. Wha- what day what day was that on. Do you ha- can you recall. <SEP> Uh uh seems like it was on a Friday. Uh. Friday or.
sw3525.txt:They tell you what our topic was? I think golf isn't it? Right. <SEP> How much of a golfer are you? Are you a hacker? You bet. <SEP> I'm fifty years old. I've been a hacker. I think I think I played better golf when I was fifteen John than I play right now. I know I Oh I know I did. <SEP> I know I did. And uh. Course I know I watch my thirteen year old play now you know. And it's like they don't have a muscle in their body. Oh I know. It's just unreal. I you know I'm a guy that plays. If I play a lot of golf I play six to eight times a year. And that's about it. I figure that's my retirement game. I really. I come from a family of golfers. <SEP> Uh-huh. I mean I was raised by a man my stepfather who with a two handicap I mean he he he he could get down on his knees and hit the ball I mean further than most people could hit it. Sure. And my mother who is now he's my stepfather is dead but my mother who is now seventy-one I can remember her being I believe a sixteen or a fourteen handicap. <SEP> But but uh all they did every day in their life was to play golf every. They'd leave work and go to a golf course or a little country club they belonged to back in Richmond Virginia and just uh play nine holes of golf. Yeah. That was their deal. They. <SEP> That's what it takes. You you need to play that often to get a really good handicap. But uh I just I just never could do it. I have a brother-in-law who is uh an ex-college coach and like a pro. And he has a very good handicap and plays good golf. Sort of like the non golfer golfer of the family. <SEP> Well I went to. I decided this past year that I was going to get out and start playing a lot more. And I I went after it. And did and I really didn't find much improvement. Fact ever time I'd start trying to correct something it seemed like the score would go go back up. Oh really? Yeah. I I think I need to uh. Yeah. <SEP> I probably need to take some some more lessons uh more current and uh and practice more often. Yeah. Spend more time on the. I think I'm probably the same way. Lessons do help. I know ever year we buy. I go to this Ducks Unlimited dinner. It's a hunter's type affair. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I buy in in Austin Texas. I go down to Austin. I live in the Dallas area but I go down to Austin and go with my good customer and friend of mine. Uh-huh. And we always buy this weekend at a at a country club in the hill country. You know at uh Horseshoe Bay. <SEP> Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'm familiar with it. And we just have a ball. And we play three days in a row three different courses. And course believe it or not by the end of the third day and the end of the uh third course my score has gone from you know a hundred and twenty down to about a hundred and five. So. <SEP> Oh yeah. If you play regular I think it makes a big difference. You bet. So it that makes a lot of difference to me. Yeah. Yeah. I well I've also found too I I try to work out regularly. And when I am doing that uh and feeling loose and that I swing better. I I I get through the ball better. Uh and I also if I. I found as I've gotten a little older here I worry less about my distance. You bet. <SEP> And I. My control is a little bit better there. Yeah. Uh so. That's super. I haven't learned to hit the ball easy. And I just sort of. <SEP> I'm always wanting to hit it hard. And that's something my stepfather never could teach me you know just to relax and hit the ball. And you know so subsequently when I do tire out from playing like twelve fourteen holes my you know a lot of my energy's gone. When I do swing it's an easier swing. Uh-huh. And I do actually hit the ball better. <SEP> Uh-huh. Have you ever have you ever tried a one iron? No. I have a two through you know two through wedge. I hit a two iron awful lot. Off now off the tee. I don't hit a driver off the tee. Uh-huh. That that's why I need my driving lessons. <SEP> Well you know I put mine back in my bag this year too. And I I used a three wood rather than a driver. That helps. Uh I had a lot more control on it uh. I sacrificed distance. But I wasn't in trouble every time I got down the fairway. Well that's that's a good idea. I think this next year I'm going to I'm going to attempt to play more. And I'm going to do the same thing. I I laid off my woods about three years ago. And I just use a two wood off the fairway. And I'm a fairly strong person. So I get a pretty good little drive. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I and I guess control my irons better you know. If you'll take lessons the first thing they put in your hand is an iron. Oh yeah. Absolutely. And uh I still remember that watching myself and my son. So but I think the key is you just need to you need to play more often than I play. <SEP> Yeah. Well I I read recently here they say if you're playing if you're scoring well you should play more. If you're scoring poorly you should spend more time on the practice g- uh range. Right. Uh I think there is less flus- frustration factor there too uh. Makes good makes good sense. <SEP> So but I I. The one iron is something I've been thinking because my driver's gone so badly lately that I I should pick one up and try to start. Apparently they're very difficult to play with. But with practice I would imagine you could groove that swing too. And I play with a fellow that can knock a one iron. It's incredible. Oh yeah. And but and his accuracy is what's so startling with it. And I. And it but it's an iron that he's really practiced with. He has used a lot. And uh it would be fun to get that good at a with an iron. Uh distance iron. You bet. <SEP> My cha- my challenge of the game is just if I can get off the first tee when everyone's standing around watching you I'd be great after that. That boy. I just. If I get off the tee box and I and I've you know you know anything from a hundred fifty to two hundred yard drive through a straight I just want to get down and kiss the ground you know. <SEP> And get away without embarrassing yourself. Right. Because.
sw3045.txt:Okay. Uh do you own a P C by the way? I'm guessing you probably do. I don't have one in my home here. My um parents have one. And they live just about three miles away. Oh. <SEP> So we use that one. I see. And my in-laws also have one. And they're almost as close. Right. <SEP> They're in Richardson. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And what kinds of things do you use it for when you us- when you go to their hous- houses to them? Um usually uh word processing something um such as oh forms for things uh. Yeah. <SEP> Also I have a nine year old that I've been home schooling for the last three years. Oh. And we got. Uh the one that my parents have is an Apple Two E. Uh-huh. <SEP> And I have a sister-in-law who is who works in the Fort Worth school district. Uh-huh. And so she got me copies of uh several of the Apple programs for school programs. Great. <SEP> Yeah. And so we use those. And there's some. Whenever we go over and visit grandma the kids love to play the computer game. So that's part of it. Oh sure. <SEP> Um my husband has used the one at his folks house for mostly business things. Uh his resume his uh letter. Yeah. He's been applying for jobs and things so that type of thing. Uh forms for his photography business and that kind of thing. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Well I tell you once you get used to having them you you get spoiled really quickly. <SEP> Yeah. Uh. I'm uh. My father had a software company. Oh. <SEP> And they have a bunch of computers leftover from that. Uh-huh. And we're hoping that they can put together something for us here that we can have the word processing here. Yeah. <SEP> But um they're kind of old older. Right. So I'm not sure that we'll be able to do get too many other programs for it. Yeah. Yeah. Um I n- I'm a a writer by profession. And uh when when I was first here in in Dallas or in Plano um and was finally able to this is oh been like fourteen years ago we moved here. And I was finally able to afford a new typewriter and I got an I B M Selectric. I thought I had died and gone to heaven because I thought oh they're so wonderful. <SEP> Oh. I have one of those. Yeah. Well then um. <SEP> Mine's broke at the moment. But. Yeah. Ours really needs to have some work done on it. But but then my husband um worked at T I. And I got a um this has been years ago he doesn't work there anymore but he got a um uh the the T I professional and brought that home. And I learned Wordstar on that. Oh. And boy once that happened there was just no way that I could ever go back to doing anything of length of the typewriter. <SEP> Yeah. I learned I I learned Wordstar uh. I did some typing for my father when he had the company. Uh-huh. And so I learned that on there too. That was. Yeah. Have you ever used do you use WordPerfect ever? Have you ever used WordPerfect? Or. <SEP> I haven't. That's the one that my father. Well I guess I have used it once or twice. Uh-huh. Uh it's the one that's on my father-in-law's computer. Right. <SEP> He's got on I B M. Yeah. Yeah. That's probably where you've used it. And uh so that's the program that they're using there. Uh-huh. Yeah. Um. I have that on my uh computer here. And also um I do some work at U T D. And uh that's what they have there. And it was just so nice to be able just to step into the position and and already know the langu- you know already know the the software. And um I don't know from my own experience um. WordPerfect is just so much better than than Wordstar at least the version of Wordstar that I used to have. It may be improved by now. But. <SEP> That's what I've heard. Yeah. It's uh Wordstar was never very intuitive to me. I mean you know you. Some of the commands just had nothing to do with you know what you were supposed to be doing what they what they did on the com- computer. But uh. Uh-huh. I mean like going um forward and backward a word or up and down a line that sort of thing just you know didn't match with the kinds of keys you were using. <SEP> Yeah. You had to memorize it. Yeah. <SEP> And. And but WordPerfect is just a lot more intuitive in a lot of ways. And you and it does a lot of things too that if you if you do any kind of uh research or anything like that where you have to uh use footnotes it is just wonderful. Because it keeps track of all your footnotes. Oh. <SEP> Oh that's neat. Yeah. And if you add it if you put a footnote in in the middle you know if you come up with some new piece of documentation and you put that in the middle of your paper and have to footnote it you just change um it just automatically changes all your footnoting numbers for you. Oh how wonderful. So you know it's just. <SEP> That I had heard that that was better. That was a better one. Yeah. Yeah. And I think about how it used to be if you were doing a paper and you had to go back and retype everything. And oh it was just awful. So um I don't know I think we have just become really spoiled. But I think it's a nice kind of way to be spoiled. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I agree. So um well I have not really paid much attention because I. Clock. <SEP> Although I think we've probably been talking at least ten minutes. So um if you um unless you have some other things you want to talk about as having to do with P C -s. Not too much. What kind of what kind of things do you write? Well um I was a technical writer for many years um. <SEP> Oh. And my husband and I actually met in a computer company. Um I was a tech writer. And he was an engineer. And uh so I did tech writing for a number of years. Go talk to Daddy about it. <SEP> Excuse me. Oh sure. Go on and talk to Daddy about it. Tell Daddy I unplugged it for you. But you don't need to drag it down the hall. Got a problem huh? Um. <SEP> Daddy Daddy came home and found her playing with the telephone that I had unplugged. Oh. Trying to figure out what all that was about huh? Yeah. But um I have. Um that that was the majority of my writing although um I have also done oh free lance magazine writing and some educational writing. And um for a while I had a um uh a partnership with a in an advertising agency with another woman who is a an artist. So I did some advertising and P R. But. <SEP> Huh. Um now I'm actually I'm I'm not working anymore. I'm a student I'm a graduate student. So I'm doing a lot of writing. But uh now all of the sc- scholastic majors though. Yeah. I've done a little a lot of different kinds. But I I just know right now that I couldn't have put out half of what I did if that much without the being in computers. So that's been really great. And uh I'm so I'm real spoiled. <SEP> Yeah. I'm anxious some day to have one here. Yeah. I'm. And they just talked to the other day other day about setting something up again. So hopefully pretty soon we'll at least have the word processing. Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> My nine year old I've decided to teach her how to type using the computer. Good. So. That's great. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. I've. Well those are skills that she certainly w- is going to need early on. And you know the and it seems like it's getting earlier and earlier with the children. <SEP> That's right. So um I think that that would be a real a real uh advantage to to her to have that and uh do it early. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. So. Uh do yo- d-. We've been we've been uh writing a story together. Oh neat. <SEP> And so I and I wanted her to put it into the computer and then print it out and make a book with it you know. Yes. Right. <SEP> Oh great. And so I decided well if she's going to do that it would be a whole lot easier if she could type. Right. <SEP> So we'll slowly learn just to type here and then then put the story in. That's great. Well that's a that's a skill that she can use for the rest of her life. So. Might as well start now huh? <SEP> Yes. Yes. I agree. Well Nola I have enjoyed talking with you thoroughly. This is really going to be fun I think. <SEP> Yeah. And um my husband is a ham radio operator. And I think about all the people that he talks to all over the.
sw2304.txt:All right. All right. What are some of your favorite foods? Mine well. <SEP> I imagine in Argentina you've got some great foods. Yeah. Well we got um a lot of uh European dishes. Uh-huh. We got we got what some people call the best beef in the world. <SEP> Yes. So it's uh Bishu. Like every Sunday you go out. And you buy all these parts of the cow. And then you just cook them over a grill. That's. Like in our house it's already built in. There's this whole special place in the back. So you can make a barbecue. I've had I've had that meal in New York uh where they bring you a plank sort of with all this wonderful beef parts of beef cooked and barbecued. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. And it's marvelous. And then. <SEP> I have to find a place around here that has that. Well they have one in uh they have an Argentinean place down in Georgetown. So. Okay. I'll keep that in mind yeah. Um. <SEP> You serve that yourself or the for a family? Excuse me? You ever serve that yourself when you have company? Oh no. Well see the problem is I'm only twenty-two. <SEP> Uh-huh. But like like when I'm down at home. Yeah. And like somebody says okay when are when are we having this you know. And I'll cook it. <SEP> Oh. You know like you have to prepare the fire and then put the sausages on. And then you know you put all these different meats which take different times. Do you buy them um separately at you know an American grocery store now. Or do you have to. You don't you don't go buy it from a wholesaler. No. But what happens is in Argentina they have like all these little places like the fruit stand and you know the dairy and products and whatever. <SEP> Little butcher shops yeah. And so. Yeah. I've lived in Mexico. So I know. And so they got they got the meat place. <SEP> Yeah. And so you just go there. And you can't find chicken there. You got to go to another place to find the chicken. Yeah. You have to you have poultry place. What do you what other what dishes do you serve with it? Well basically it's what we call it impenadas which is which is like. <SEP> Yeah. The turnover. The stuffed turnover. Right. Meat turnovers. <SEP> Oh I love those. Uh-huh. And then we also put sausages on a bun. And then that's that's to start out with. Yeah. And then what you have is also like you know like three different kinds of salad. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh that's about it. Do you remember when you were in Washington Sam the Argentine baker? Uh no. <SEP> It used to be in Georgetown years ago. He moved. I guess he he retired and went back to Argentina. I guess in nine- the early seventies. Oh okay. Yeah. So that mus- that's before your time. Yeah. <SEP> Your parents might remember if they were here then. No. We were only there for two years. Okay. I mean he was wonderful. We used to get the most marvelous impenadas and other Argentine things. Yeah. <SEP> And uh what I what I also eat now since I graduate. I have an Italian roommate. And. Yeah. I'm Italian. Are you? <SEP> Uh-huh. And since being Argentinean we also have a lot of pasta. Yeah well. And you know. <SEP> Because there're many Italians in Argentina. Yeah. And my mom you know like makes like what we call niokes and all this stuff that it's just you know everything like lasagna and everything. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. My grandparents my grandfather came to the United States through Argentina. Oh okay. <SEP> This was around the turn of the century. Actually actually a little bit later like nineteen thirteen nineteen twelve nineteen thirteen. Yeah. Yeah. At one point one third of the population of Argentina was Italian. Like pure Italians. <SEP> Yeah. Well I'll tell you. It's interesting because when we cook here. I'm of Italian descent. My husband is Chinese. Okay. <SEP> So we and we both love Continental cooking French cooking. Okay. So we cook uh. Our meals are well. We don't we don't usually mix. I mean that sometimes. Right. <SEP> Well if we're entertaining we'll do a Chinese recipe. Right. Yeah. And um there are really easy recipe. That is you know with Chinese you always have several dishes. <SEP> And nowadays with microwaves. You can steam many of the things in a microwave. Yeah. I don't know if you have one. Yeah. <SEP> And if you like Chinese food you can take filet of fish and put a little bit of soy sauce and a little bit of sesame oil on top of it and chop some scallions and a little ginger and just cover it with some uh waxed paper and steam it just until the fish is done. Okay. Okay. <SEP> Okay. And it's a wonderful um flavorful piece of fish. Is it? <SEP> Yeah. Because I was at you know. It's like when you when you go buy fish you know. Uh-huh. Well like I buy like the fish. So you can do it in the microwave the breaded fish. <SEP> Uh-huh. And yeah. I've seen you know the filet. Yeah. Buy a fresh filet of fish a nice one at the fish mar- the fish counter. What kind of fish? <SEP> Um any white fish. Sole is good uh um flounder. Okay. Sole or flounder is real good. And even grouper. So we put soy sauce and sesame. <SEP> Little bit of soy sauce and sesa- sesame seed oil. Okay. And not too much soy sauce. Uh some chopped up scall- um you know slivers of scallions. And slivers of ginger. And then just cover it and put it in the microwave for just just two say two minutes check it after two minutes to see if the fish flakes. Okay. <SEP> And if the fish flakes it's done. Don't overcook it though. Okay. Because I got I got um one of those little uh microwaves. The ones that take forever to boil a cup of water. Well you see just check it you know during. Yeah. <SEP> And another quick dish if you like um do you know what hoi sin sauce is. It's that sweet Chinese sauce? No. I don't. Well if you go in a Chinese store ask for hoi sin H O I S I N. Wait wait wait H. <SEP> H O I. H O I. S I N or S E N. S I N. <SEP> Either way they'll spell it. Hoi Sin sauce. It's a very sweet dark sort of a purplish plum sauce purplish brown. And if you take uh little pieces of pork and you fry them like little cubes of pork. And you fry them with garlic and a little bit of couple dashes of hot pepper and then mix some hoi sin sauce with sherry just a little sherry to thin it and stir that in. You can even put a spoon of ketchup in. Okay. Okay. <SEP> Okay. And that makes a great pork dish with a sort of a spicy sweet sauce that you can serve over rice. Uh how much uh how much pork do you buy for two people. <SEP> Um well. For two people um Amer- if it's American style I buy a half a pound. If you know we if you're just serving that. But if you're serving another dish with it say the rice dish um well with guys pretty healthy appetites I'd probably go a third of a pound. Right. <SEP> And then you know you could. Yeah. I could probably go half a pound. And you can always you can always heat it up again and save you know. So it's just it's just since I'm from Argentina I just love meat. <SEP> Yeah. And we. You can also do the same thing using um if you have ground beef. Okay. <SEP> Just stir fry the ground beef. Drain off the oil. Use the same hoi sin sauce and some of the frozen mixed vegetables. Okay. Just stir that in. And you've got a very colorful side another dish. And how much does it cost? <SEP> Um the hoi sin sauce? Yeah. Oh a dollar twenty-nine a can. Oh okay. <SEP> A can would serve you for for you know for quite a few um meals you know. Yeah. Okay. I thought it was maybe like you know like five fifty or something. Oh no. No. No. No. No. It's not expensive at all. It's one of the Chinese cooking basics. Oh okay. <SEP> Yeah. Well listen it was good talking with you. Same here. Hope you enjoy your recipe. All right. Thank you. <SEP> Okay. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3115.txt:All right. And and your occupation is teaching? I'm a I'm a substitute teacher. Substitute teacher. <SEP> Is is this Pat I'm talking to now? Yes. It is it is. Yeah. I'm a substitute teacher in I believe the same school system we both work in. Right. Well I was just trying to make an introduction here. <SEP> Oh okay. But oh and and I haven't told you I'm going to be at a different school this year now. Oh. I've just gotten a another job at an elementary library at Barron. <SEP> Well I bet you're you're you may dress differently then for that. Right. I. Well not really. I've got the every day I've got to uh read to kindergartners. So I'm going to be down on the floor with them. I've got about forty kindergartners I'm going to be doing working with every day for uh you know a half hour. So I'll be I'll probably be wearing slacks as often as I do because I'm I'm if I'm going to be down on the floor messing with them I'm not going to wear nylons and you know nice nylons and dresses. Well What I wear sometimes depends on on how cold I think the school might be or what room I might be in since I'm a sub and have different rooms to go to. And always carry a sweater. <SEP> Right. Well of course you've been at Clark enough that you know it's always cold. <SEP> Yes. But you don't know uh I guess at some of the other schools you go to unless you've been there. No. You try to layer so you can add or or or take off. Subtract. <SEP> Right. And it's it's interesting to notice when you go to different schools that some are a little more fancier than others and have a very casual uh. I I think some of the dress codes are different at different schools. That's one of things one of the things I ask about you know whether whether she would allow slacks. And she said she doesn't have a problem with that. She just didn't like sloppy dressing. <SEP> Uh-huh. And and I said well you know that was okay. And I'm. Basically I just you know I wear slacks year round except every about once a week I try to wear a skirt. And and in the winter you know I just add a maybe wear longer sleeve shirts than I do in the summer. And add a heavier jacket or you know wear jackets more in the winter than I do in the summer. Uh-huh. That's about. I don't I don't really work in a profession that requires that I wear a business suit and you know look really. <SEP> Right. And well for me sometimes they even have dress up days. Or they you know have have spirit week that that you wear your different outfits. Yeah. And you have to have the color for that particular school if you if you choose to participate in spirit week. Right. <SEP> And one might be a hat day where you have to come up with some sort of hat. And you never know that though sometimes when you're going in do you? <SEP> No. But because I sort of stick to several schools uh I'm usually aware that there might be a spirit week going on and and might might remember to do it. Right. Right. And then many schools on a particular day during uh I guess football season maybe all year long they wear the school colors for uh game day which. Right. <SEP> On what Thursd- Thursday. Right. It might be Thursday for the high schools. And it may be Friday for the senior high schools. Right. Right. So that would kind of give you a a clue I guess. And and sometimes you get the long term stuff. So you're aware ahead of time of what's going on. <SEP> Yeah. That. So that's. And I don't know you know. I I think about well the dress code they have for the kids you know. Are. They put one on the parents or the teachers and say they have to the men have to wear ties. And there can be no blue jeans worn. And because some of the teachers I know wear uh dress up jeans not sloppy looking jeans but tapered jeans that they've had dry cleaned so they have got the crease. Uh-huh. And uh you know they'll wear it with a nice top. And and uh I don't know that that looks that bad. But if you're going to tell the kids they c- have to dress up I guess you can tell the teachers that too. <SEP> Yeah. It it. I see that the. I think the elementary school teachers or maybe even the middle school teachers dress a little fancier than than some of the high school teachers I think. Uh-huh. But it I think it varies it it just so much. Anything anything can go. Uh-huh. <SEP> And you can see in some of the departments in some of the schools like history at Clark they're all pretty fancy. But they're just sort of into clothes. And then there's other departments that aren't. Right. Right. Right. <SEP> And they'll just wear your common ordinary you know whatever you might might say. Yeah. There's a couple teachers up there that that do dress up more than others. <SEP> Right. Right. And so you try to maybe follow those if you know you're going there. You don't want to dress too tacky because you're going to be in the same room with them. Right. Well and you always. Course it's a standing joke you know when the when the men come in in a a tie and a suit coat you say you know what have you got a job interview today. Or there there's There's usually yeah there's usually something going on that that uh and would would uh cause that to happen. <SEP> Or you're going to be observed. <SEP> Yeah. And I I don't know how a coach would feel if that teaches health or Eng- you know English or whatever that they had to wear a tie. I. Some of those male coaches that might really. Right. They go around in their little coaching shorts or parachute pants. Right. And a T-shirt. <SEP> Right. That I didn't ever understand. I mean we've got coaches that teach health for five periods and then have athletics sixth period. So. Yeah. Well at Vines the coaches don't do that. Whether. <SEP> They they dress pretty good I would say. And then they go to their coaching. And they they put their shorts on there. Change then. Well see that's what I would think. <SEP> Uh-huh. That's what I would think. But they they don't look you know they don't wear their sweat pants or or anything. They're they dress like any other teacher would in in a classroom situation not in P E. Right. <SEP> Course we had had one coach one period he'd teach P E and the next period Health and then a period of P E. Those I can understand. And and that's hard. <SEP> Yeah. You know so he just left warm-ups on. But but uh no. I think really probably they could they could uh really. And I don't know if if they put make uniforms the thing for the kids. I guess the teachers will have to follow suit with a dark skirt and a white top. And. I don't think we'll ever get to that. You don't think so. <SEP> No. I don't think. I think we're going the opposite direction. It's the parochial schools that I guess many ti-. They've had uniforms for years. I r- don't really know if they still do. Well some of them yes they do. And and it's not at some of the private schools. It certainly makes it easier to dress. But even there's a couple public schools in Dallas where where the kids wear uniforms and the teachers you know dress in accordance with that. <SEP> Uh-huh. Well it's certainly cheaper and easier in the long run I think that you don't have to be concerned about your wardrobe. Uh-huh. Well I I think it would make a difference at school. I I don't think we should be spending time saying somebody's wearing torn clothing or wearing sh- too shorts too short. Or they've got the really short skirt and the black nylons and the high you know. I mean it's a lot of trouble to to take care of that. <SEP> Uh-huh. And of course the kids say then why bother just let me wear what I want. And and yet we can't to that either. I'd like to see them go to to not necessarily a uniform but saying that they've got to wear a button down shirt. You know. That would that would alleviate any T-shirts with sayings on them. But if they could wear a button-down shirt and a pair of dark slacks and they could buy them anywhere they wanted. And. Yeah. But I doubt that that would come ab- that that will come about. And then the girls. <SEP> Just. Right. Yeah. I I. I don't. No. Not in Plano. <SEP> No. Not. They may get a-. Yeah. But they said in the Dallas schools that that helps their educational process there. <SEP> Well I think it does. It it takes their minds off of of trying to compete. Highland Park's thinking about going that route. Uh-huh. So it. And then I think that's going to push teachers to dress a lot more professionally than they do. <SEP> Yeah. I I don't think a lot of teachers are very professional. But. Yeah. I agree with you on.
sw2226.txt:Uh books. Yes. Mainly I read the Bible these days. <SEP> That's very good. I do too. Good that's great to hear. Uh and Christian literature. Uh-huh. Uh I've kind of. I used to read a lot of uh novels. But it seems as though if you really want to set a t- side time to read the Bible and you work and and whatever uh that pretty well takes up your time for reading. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. It does. It. And I I been praying that God would put a desire to read the Bible in my heart. And he really has. It's getting to where a just really want to read it. <SEP> That's good. That's good. It it it's uh it's hard for me to find time also to read. Uh a lot of times I do just read magazines and stuff like that for you know because I don't have a lot of time. But when I do get to sit down and and read I like to read the Bible. And I like to read. I read to my daughter a lot too. Do you? <SEP> And uh I like to read you know Bi-. I have Bible storybooks. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So I like reading those to her. And she really enjoys those. So that's good. And it and it's kind of short because we don't woe don't have a lot of time to to read. Uh-huh. <SEP> So it's real enjoyable. For both of us. Yeah. Have you ever read any of Frank E Peretti's? <SEP> Frank E. No. I guess I haven't. Uh THIS PRESENT DARKNESS and uh uh I forget the t- the other. Well he uh he's also written a lot of children. How old is your daughter. Five. Five. Okay. He's written some children's books as well. And they're all spiritually uh oriented. <SEP> Oh really? Yeah. What's his name again? Peretti. Frank E Peretti. <SEP> Frank E Peretti. P E R E T T I. I have to look for those. Uh-huh. Yeah. Do. Because uh I love to read his his uh children's books just. <SEP> Just to read them. Well that's good. Yeah. Oh they're good. They're great. That's good. And it's like uh uh usually about a family of uh archaeologists and the spiritual fights that they get into like uh uh digging in old ruins and running across like uh the old gods and things. <SEP> Uh-huh. Oh. <SEP> Yeah. Oh that sounds pretty neat. Yeah. It is. It's real exciting. <SEP> Oh I'll have to look for those. And it also teaches them spiritual warfare you know. Right. So. <SEP> Well that's neat. Well I I have a. My daughter has PRECIOUS MOMENTS collection. Uh-huh. And I like that because it's a it's real easy to uh follow for her. You know uh gosh if if I read straight out of the Bible to her she'd never understand any of it. Well it's hard for me. <SEP> That's right. It is it is real hard to to follow and understand. Uh-huh. <SEP> And uh I've got a Bible that uh has a little bit of a uh a glossary in the back. And it helps explain who people are. That's that's about the hardest thing is who's related to who. I know it. And especially it's hard to keep your interest in those begats. Yeah. <SEP> Yes. Yes. It sure is. But but it is good reading. And it's good for us and and everything. Uh-huh. That's right. <SEP> I really do enjoy it. But uh I also. But then on the other extreme I like to read uh uh I guess ho- I don't know horror Steven King type books. Uh-huh. Yeah. I've read a lot of his too. The. And I I like that. That's good fun reading. Yeah. Can't put them down. <SEP> No. You can't. You really can't. They are good. And ooh they just they're just so suspenseful. Uh-huh. Yeah. I really do enjoy his. Uh there's another guy. Oh what can. What is his name. Oh durn. You would well. You know when you're recording you can't re- remem-. <SEP> I know. Uh oh Dean uh Kratz or Kranz. Or. Judith Krantz? Y-. Who? <SEP> Judith Krantz. I know her. Uh no. It's a guy. Oh okay. And he he writes the same thing though. It's that real gruesome horror stories. <SEP> Oh. Ooh. <SEP> Yeah. That's good. Yeah. Koontz. Uh his last name ends in a Z I know that. Yeah. Oh I think I know who you're talking about. Uh I've seen. I don't think I can pronounce it either. But. Yeah uh. <SEP> Yeah. I'm in a book club. And I think I've seen his books in there. Uh-huh. I've never read any of his. But they're real. I kind of got burnt out on Steven King though. It seems like it's all the. <SEP> Did you ever read the uh uh oh. It's one of his first books THE STAND. Yes. That oh that long thing. I know it. And that seems like all of his books have kind of come from that I mean. <SEP> Yeah. They do kind of follow or Are similar. You know that. Uh-huh. I love that book though. I thought it was great. <SEP> Yeah. It really was. And I loved THE SHINING. Ooh yes. That was that was my favorite. Oh those hedges when they started moving. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. Whenever they they made that into a movie I was thinking oh my gosh if they show that I'll just die. For some reason that scared me more than anything. <SEP> Yeah. That is. He just brings stuff alive you know. Yeah. You could just visualize everything. Uh-huh. <SEP> That's. And that was a pretty scary movie too. Yeah. I think they did a pretty good job. But they didn't follow it exactly. Yeah. <SEP> But they did give it you know do it justice. Uh-huh. That's right. But uh most of the time they don't with when follow books very well when they make them into movies. Yeah. That's true. I liked IT as well. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah uh. That's another big fat one. I did too. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. That was good. I liked uh I also liked uh CUJO. Did you read that one? Yeah. <SEP> And. Except it broke my heart. Yeah. I'm a dog lover. <SEP> Me too. And then uh NIGHT STAND. Is that NIGHT. No. It was uh. <SEP> DEAD DEAD ZONE. That's one I liked. What? DEAD ZONE. Oh yeah. <SEP> That was a. I've read that one too. That was a real good one. He's written a lot of books. <SEP> Boy he just sits down eight hours a day. Just like any other job. I know it. <SEP> Right. And then he has some under uh another name. That he's written. That's right. That one about the Gypsies or that hunger. <SEP> Yeah. Or s- uh. Yeah. Uh I think his name was Bachman. He wrote under the name of Bachman. Yeah. Richard Bachman. <SEP> Yeah. He is really interesting. Yeah. He's so prolific. Yeah. Ooh I wish I could do that. Oh I know it. And I have gone back. And after I I graduated I read some of the old classics that I just bluffed my way through and have found that I enjoy them quite a bit too uh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I do too. I love old good old. Once you can get into the language. You know the l-. <SEP> Yeah. It's like it's English. But it's not the same English they speak today. Right. So it's kind of hard to keep you know at it. But. <SEP> That's true. But I. They're worthwhile. Literature? That's that was one of my favorite subjects in school was uh literature. <SEP> Yeah. Me too. I used to love those old good good old books. Uh-huh. <SEP> I didn't mind doing that at all. Nathaniel Hawthorne is pretty scary himself. Yeah. Yeah. I liked uh oh. Gosh why can't I think of their names. Uh shoot. The one that wrote uh WUTHERING HEIGHTS. Uh wasn't that Jane Ehre? No. <SEP> No. That was another one. He wrote JANE EHRE too. Yeah. Yeah. Uh well you know who I'm talking about. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. Those are good old good old books and classics. Yeah. Uh-huh. That's right. Right. Right. <SEP> Sure is neat. That's why I like to watch that MASTERPIECE THEATRE on channel thirteen because they'll take a classic and and uh televise it you know put it into a viewing format more or less. Yeah. <SEP> Right. Right. <SEP> A lot of people just don't have time to read nowadays. Uh-huh. I know it's it's really hard for me. I work two jobs and uh have my daughter and teach Sunday school and go to school myself. Do you? <SEP> So it's it's hard for me to sit down and read. Well I can imagine. But when I do I just just love it. Yeah. Yeah. Me too. <SEP> Well I think we've accomplished five minutes. So. I think we have too. <SEP> Thank you very much. It's good talking to you. You too. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
sw3776.txt:I uh spent four years as a university professor. Oh really? And. <SEP> Yeah. I I spent three years. I'm teaching in public schools and elementary school. Oh do you really? <SEP> Uh-huh. That's great. I taught in Utah. And uh Did you teach in California? No kidding. <SEP> W-. I did. <SEP> Uh-huh. I did uh. You sound pretty young for a university professor. Well I was pretty young. I was uh. I had never intended to do it. And I was uh uh given the opportunity after I'd started a management consulting firm to teach in in uh uh one of the business schools in the California State University system. <SEP> Uh-huh. At any rate uh the topic is fascinating because one of the things I've done for the past few years is uh research the problem from the point of view of uh uh what appears to be working best and how you can explain it theoretically. Uh-huh. You may be familiar with cooperative learning. Have you ever. <SEP> Well you can you can tell me a little bit more about it because I don't think we did that in Utah. Well the cooperative learning is a technique that was tried initially to integrate the public schools. And uh what what it involves basically is the use of peer groups. And the uh teacher becomes a uh a sort of a consultant resource person to the cooperative learning uh to the learning cooperatives I guess they're called. Uh-huh. And there are uh some fairly sophisticated approaches that are used in the high schools with point systems and things like that so that people uh gain a competence with respect to the material. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh I think that the combination of uh technology and techniques like that together with marketplace forces will bring about a revolution in the way we learn. Uh I think there is a direct threat to vested interest in the public school system uh that will stand in the way of that progress being a little faster. Uh school systems are in too many states dominated by administrators. Uh-huh. Yeah. And uh both teachers and parents uh complain about the uh uh the cost and ineffectiveness that results. So my feeling is that uh the the problem is is uh significant. There are plenty of good people uh available to uh offer people educational experience. But that we just have to re- reallocate and reorganize the resources to do it. And uh I think certain techniques and technologies will influence all of that as well as research uh uh of the sort that people like me do looking at theories of behavior and how they can be used to improve performance particularly uh accelerate the the pace of learning. <SEP> Uh-huh. And my feeling is that uh those kinds of things will solve the problem eventually. I don't know what form it will ultimately take. Uh uh but I think that the future is pretty bright because people recognize that we're paying an enormous price for uh inferior quality when the people involved really aren't inferior. So it must be the way we're managing the process that uh. Yeah. I see what year saying. Yeah. I totally agree. I I don't I don't think it's it's a matter of of uh talented people to do it a- both as quote unquote students and as teachers. But clearly what's happened in this country is the school system's been asked to assume a great many responsibilities in the past thirty years that weren't existent uh. <SEP> Oh yeah. Uh-huh. You must see kids with real significant problems uh in some cases. Uh course I always see the. I don't know how hard how hard is it uh in the public school system in Iowa City? Is it is it uh deteriorated a lot. Do the people say. Are they pretty happy with it. Or. <SEP> Well I I haven't taught in Iowa. But I've taught in Utah. And uh people there were saying that the way that the schools were going a lot of people were going away and going to private schools or else going to home where they taught their kids at home. Or you know anything but the public schools and the ones that did have you know the kids. Right. Even in Utah. <SEP> Yeah. Well Well uh maybe it was the area I was in. Well Utah's a place where you wouldn't think that problem would be very severe. But a lot of schools had a lot of transient uh families and a lot of families who were on the poorer side. And. Yeah. You so you saw a fair number of troubled kids. <SEP> Yeah. I mean like you said how they were the schools are doing more things for the kids they thought than they were thirty years ago. I mean they were the school I was teaching at the the year I left they were considering providing hot lunch for or hot breakfast for the kids. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> As well as hot lunch. And.
sw3506.txt:Now is it Stacy? Angie. Angie. I'm sorry. <SEP> Okay. Well now so if you were going to have a dinner party what would you make? Um let's see. Uh I like seafood. Uh let's see. Uh shrimp steamed she- uh shellfish with maybe herbs. Uh spicy lobster with lem- linguini. That sounds good. <SEP> Yeah. Now what is uh what is uh the steamed shellfish you said? Uh-huh. And what would that be like a clam or uh. <SEP> Right. Okay. Yeah. Uh I think hors d'oeuvres are good too. Uh and that way you can have a variety. Uh. So if you have a a dinner party and you're going to serve uh seafood for supper what type of uh hors d'oeuvres would you serve prior to the meal? <SEP> Uh. Like cheeses or fruits or vegetables or. Yeah. Fresh vegetables would be good. Or uh just. Probably not nachos and dip huh? <SEP> No. And would you uh would it be appropriate to uh drink with the uh prior when you have the hors d'oeuvres? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then when you serve the meal what type of wine would you have with uh with the with seafood? <SEP> Oh all these hard questions. Uh what white wine? That would be my guess. <SEP> Yeah. And And then uh uh dessert. I'm not really a drinker. So I'm not I don't know a lot about that. Something sweet? <SEP> Oh goodness. Uh chocolate something chocolate. Uh. You must like chocolate. Yes. Well let's see. Usually when we have a dinner party I always I like to grill. <SEP> Oh you do? So we might have some cocktails ahead of time and maybe some uh some dip uh some cheese. One of our favorites is uh to take some let's see Philadelphia cream cheese I think is that what comes in those little blocks? And pour cocktail sauce over the top of it and then get these little canned shrimp and uh wash them and cool them and then dump them in the uh sauce and then take crackers. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. And then you just dip the cracker in the sauce with the clams and the cream cheese. And you have a real nice dip that goes good with a cocktail. And then I like to barbecue like steaks or pork chops. And then we have uh s- oh lot of times we'll have baked potatoes with them and a salad. Uh-huh. And then uh I don't know what we usually have for dessert. Cake sometimes. But uh that's what we would do for a dinner party I guess. <SEP> That sounds good too. But that's I guess when you talk about dinner party that's probably not uh that's more for like when friends come over. Traditional. <SEP> Right? Traditional. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't be the big uh snotty kind. <SEP> I just started I just really started uh uh learning about that. And I bought a Martha Stewart. I don't know if you've heard of her. Huh-uh. <SEP> Her cookbook. And she talks about catering and uh you know goes into goes into all that and the different types of uh uh different types of parties you know different types of foods. Oh well do you work in a uh in a setting where you uh are in the food business? Um my father owns a restaurant. Oh in uh Is it in Dallas? <SEP> It's it's just a uh c- a cafe. So it's not really anything you know that I want to. It's not the same. Uh it's in Lewisville. Okay. All right. So you graduated from which high school? <SEP> Trinity. Trinity. Okay. And that's a public school or private? That's public. Huh okay. I have to get to know this area a little better I guess. Uh well is your father's cafe uh one that you could cater out of? <SEP> No. Uh-huh. It's not. Um and he's not interested in letting his twenty-one year old daughter experiment with it probably. <SEP> Uh. Well let's see. What else for catering. Uh. Let's see. What about Hawaiian luau. Oh that would be good. <SEP> Could have uh uh fruits and and pineapple uh. Let's see uh. And you could actually go with uh a chicken if you wanted to. I think I think decorating your food is you know really.
sw3750.txt:Yeah. Okay. So you enjoy camping? Oh yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I uh like you I haven't done any in quite some time except for what I call living now which is which is very close to camping. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. <SEP> Is it? Uh-huh. Yeah. You know I uh camped in the Boy Scouts. And you know my dad and I went out sometimes. But uh even my first uh eight or nine years of working I camped almost all of the time because I was in construction. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. And it is cheaper to pitch a tent and cook your meals out by the fire than it is to rent an apartment add to stress. Yeah. I mean when you have to have it you have got to have it. <SEP> Uh-huh. And you know in those those kinds of situations uh room rent which is outrageous. Uh-huh. Yeah. So my buddy and I we just camped. <SEP> Uh-huh. And we figured what the hell. We did it when we were kids. And we loved it. Uh-huh. Of course we didn't really rough it that much. When when I was in high school. He is a couple years older than me. And uh he graduated and went off to college. And uh during the summer we would camp out at the lake. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it wasn't very much like camping because we had a refrigerator and a stove. Oh well. Yeah. You know I had a little boat house and floated it out on Lake Grapevine. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh well it was fantastic. We would get up in the morning go skiing uh. That substituted for a shower. Uh-huh. And then we would go to work and uh come back to the uh you know boat house at night. And uh in the afternoon you know it is still four o'clock. You have got four hours of day light good skiing left. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh it was great. Yeah. But uh you know now all my life is more like camping than not camping really. <SEP> Uh-huh. Do you have electricity out there. Oh yeah. Yeah. You've got a phone obviously. Well actually as a matter of fact they just ran the phone three years ago. <SEP> Uh-huh. We didn't have a phone. Uh-huh. They didn't have phone lines. You just couldn't get phones. <SEP> Yeah. And uh we are on the we are third from the end on the electric string. Uh-huh. So we are at the end of the mail route. <SEP> Yeah. Like I said we are probably as far as you can get from the Seven Eleven and still be in Texas. Yeah. I guess so huh. But uh you know right now uh what we did my wife and I is we got a mobile home. One of these twelve by forty-eight's that got repoed And uh swapped them a Cadillac for it and put it out here on the land figuring I would build a house some day you know. <SEP> Uh-huh. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. I'm in construction. And uh you know I just had this place you know to shower up while I was you know out here you know putting up fence and building a driveway and drilling a well and all that stuff you have to do before you can even put a house in you know. Uh-huh. And uh I came home from work one Friday afternoon. And our truck was back. Everything we had was in boxes. And my wife said uh we're moving. <SEP> Uh. And I said where. And she said out to the trailer. And I said oh. She said yep. And I said okay. Uh. So we have been roughing it out here for about three years. But it is not bad. I we have color T V microwave you know. <SEP> Yeah. It is not horrible. But it's it's a lot like camping. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well I grew up in California in southe- in central California right in the valley. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. So it is a forty-five minute drive to the mountains. And uh so my dad loved fishing and camping. So we would go up. First we went up just to uh with a Toyota pick up truck and laid out our sleeping bags under the stars and you know cooked our uh hot dogs by the fire or whatever. Sure. <SEP> But then later my mom and dad got a camper. So uh we have kind of moved up. Became civilized. Yeah. A little bit in the world. Yeah. My mom goes camping you know. She takes her uh motor home. You know she's got one of these huge Winnebago's with a refrigerator and air-conditioning color T V microwave oven you know. <SEP> Yeah. She just. Roughing it for me is going to the Holiday Inn and getting a shower. You know. Yeah. <SEP> But you know she has a lot of fun. Uh-huh. And mostly it is just a way to. She she goes to dog shows. <SEP> Uh-huh. See she shows dogs. And uh you can sneak a dog into a motel. Uh-huh. But you can't sneak ten dogs into a motel. <SEP> No. So she uh you know takes the motor home. And she made a deal with my dad that she would take all the dogs with her when she went dog showing. Uh-huh. And she. If he would buy her a motor home. <SEP> So he did. Yeah. But as far as camping my wife and I have plans to uh not really camp per se but to drive up the uh you know Highway One there in California uh as soon as we get this house finished. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh that's uh That will be pretty. I am going to need a vacation. <SEP> That's really pretty out there. There are a lot of nice places.
sw3154.txt:Okay. Well let's see. Well we keep our paper paper bags lined up in the garage for glass and glass and uh plastics. And uh we make the dump over to the Wal-Mart bins there as soon as they're full. I guess we collect m- milk cartons and whatever p- other plastics are acceptable. Are you in the part of town where uh they have gotten into the other containers yet for recycling? No. No. I didn't think that anybody had those at all yet. <SEP> Well maybe they don't. I I know that was supposed to be in May. And I couldn't tell whether some parts of town had started it or if it was just everybody was was waiting for the delivery of whatever those containers were. Right. Well no. I haven't seen any. So I I thought that it all had all been delayed several times. So I have no idea what they look like. And I'm kind of anxious to see them. Yeah. Th- That's going to be interesting because it's uh we've gotten so convenient and conventional in trash disposal which is uh. <SEP> I look at our big green containers. And I say well they work fine. And I keep mine outside the garage so that I don't have any odors. But it's clearly a place where uh uh. Oh right. It will be interesting to see how well that works. And I am I'm glad the community is doing it. Uh it's one of those things that kind of has to be forced on people. Uh I don't know if where you grew up in your what you saw back uh years ago. But for me the thing that strikes me is I uh growing up in rural South Dakota where hey the farmers brought their eggs to town and the local hatchery would candle them and package them is that uh in the fifties uh you could say we had the recycling going on then that we should have now. Which was all the milk bottles were glass. Right. <SEP> Right. And you got a nickel or dime which in that time was a lot of money when you returned them. Pop bottles all had a deposit on them. Oh. <SEP> Oh of course. That they did. You know actually we had milk delivered to our house in glass bottles. Oh. And we had a milk shoot at the side of the house. <SEP> Uh-huh. You could just leave the milkman a note on what you needed. Yeah. And so you just put the empty ones back out there. And he took them away and put you know put another gallon of glass glass bottle in there. <SEP> Yeah. So uh yeah. So uh you know I look back at at uh my childhood. And I'd say you know they were doing things then that we should be doing now. And so it doesn't bother me at all that we're we're uh kind of starting to put the pressure on people to get away from all this uh throwaway society that got developed in the sixties and seventies. Right. Right. It would be nice it would be nice to see it take a good turn here. It seems like it started to take a turn and then it went away. So I hope that this time it it stays. Just To see stacks and stacks of newspapers just to the trash is just amazing. <SEP> Yeah. So uh you know we when we go dump actually when we go dump our things oh we collect newspapers too and then take them. Seems like there's a pretty well there's a p- pretty continual flow of people coming and dumping glass and dumping plastics. Uh-huh. So that's kind of encouraging. I didn't know you know I didn't know if we started to do that. I didn't know what to expect. <SEP> Yeah. Well I'll have to say I'm I'm the only one I'm good at at this point is the newspaper. Uh taking that to the Boy Scouts and my aluminum cans uh getting rid of those. Right. But on the plastic I have uh I don't have any habits there yet. And I'm guess I'm waiting for the city to to push me in that direction. But But it just seems like on the larger scale that you know the we always talk about in our society is that economic strife things. Well I guess they will shortly. I uh. <SEP> And I think if uh if we just start to put you know the nickel deposit on things like uh was the case years ago that uh it would have more immediate effect uh than. Because I remember searching ditches for beer bottles because they were worth money. Oh right. And it seems like beer drinkers are among the worst for throwing things out the window. And so outside my little town we would uh go out and look for long neck beer bottle because they were worth something. <SEP> Yeah. Right. Do you know I saw in Tom Thumb yesterday I saw the return to the uh the small Coke bottles. <SEP> Yeah. And I don't know if there's a deposit on those or not. I. Well that's interesting because. They're back to glass you're saying? They were glass they were the glass uh. Well let's see. They'd be I don't know maybe ten ounce or six ounce or ten ounce. Sort of a small size sort of a small size and and we anyway we just we didn't stop and look them look at them a long time. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. But and they were packed in the old sort of six pack stick them down you know uh sort of sort of a basket type thing. <SEP> Uh-huh. The carton. The paper carton. <SEP> Right. Right. So I hadn't seen that in a long time. Yeah. Well I mean the. You really look and say a lot of the things we need to do we were doing. And we had all the mechanisms in place with the fold up paper cartons the wood uh racks which now basically you could turn them into the plastic ones that would hold uh twenty-four bottles. And and uh uh I'm not really say going back to good old days. But certainly we were doing things the way we think we should do them now. Yeah. Yeah. Well. <SEP> Well it will be interesting to see how over the next year this all works out because like on the uh grass I'm I know your husband uh doesn't really like the paper sacks. No. He doesn't like the paper sacks. And uh but he but you know he likes to pick the grass up too. He doesn't Doesn't. Yeah. <SEP> I'm the I'm the same way because otherwise uh. Oh I'm I generally listen to Neal Sperry on Saturdays and Neal uh Neal's a person who says I like to pick it up. But I don't believe in throwing it into the uh the landfill. So I have my compost pile. But most of us don't have the uh sufficient lot size to uh to do that. Right. Right. <SEP> Uh so I'm glad the city's willing to take that on. That's nice. I guess they dump it the same place. I wonder where they dump that. Well there's someplace you know. If it's. Because really when I look at what my grass does in in actually about twenty-four hours uh knowing what the farmers do in rural areas they just take their hay and just build a big mound of it and it naturally uh composts or stores. And uh so all you have to do is just place it somewhere and churn it. And it will naturally decompose uh. So you just have to kind of keep in separated. And then uh who knows how they process it from there and what they turn it into. But it's certainly usable material. Yeah. Yeah. Well they must they must keep it separate if they have this date in. <SEP> Uh-huh. They have this day now that it's you know separate from the other trash pick up. Right. But I the thing I don't understand about that is like when. It's one thing to send grass there. But I've trimmed trees and other things which uh end up being something that clearly won't decompose nearly as rapidly. No.
sw3565.txt:You've done. Our most recent series of projects I guess was inside was uh we remodeled a bathroom recently. Well how did it go? <SEP> Well it went pretty well uh other than the fact that we encountered some uh problems that you run across in older homes with plumbing which one thing led to another. And eventually we ended up replacing all the pipes from the sink clear back to the main drain. Which meant you needed to take the wall out and start all over. Gee like starting over I guess. Uh. <SEP> It wasn't one of those. It started out as a Sunday project. Uh-huh. And by by the next Sunday it was done. It wasn't a one dayer. Believe me. Boy that sounds like uh. Course uh I don't know. Once you get it done then you probably won't have that problem again. <SEP> Yeah. It's good for another thirty years. Um you've got an older house? Yes. They are built a little bit more sturdy than. <SEP> Well that's the thing that surprised me because once I got into the plumbing everything in there was copper. Right. And it was all soldered. Oh is that right. <SEP> That's what drove me bananas because you know I'm going to the hardware store saying give me plastic pipe and and cement to fit them together. Yes. <SEP> And nothing wanted to go. So it was like I had to go all the way back to the main drain and start all over. And just start at square one. Really. Uh. <SEP> That was an all day job just to get it plumbed. Well and then if you do it wrong. Fortunately I was very fortunate uh in the fact that uh when I made the installation of the sink and everything bolted up and we turned the water on nothing leaked. Everything went all right. <SEP> Everything worked. And I just said that's marvelous. I appreciate it. That's the type of thing you cross your fingers and are glad when that happens. Well I expected something to leak you know left a fitting loose or didn't use teflon tape on one of them or something like that. Right. <SEP> Yes. Right. <SEP> But it all came together. So I I felt pretty fortunate about that. All worked out all right huh. How about you? Well um well probably the last thing I did was uh paint and wallpaper kids room. <SEP> Uh-huh. And uh I learned to. I used the wrong kind of paint. This wasn't must have not been a very good quality because it just hasn't stood up very well. What kind of paint? It was a latex paint paint. It was flat. <SEP> Uh-huh. And I wonder if maybe I should have used a gloss. Uh but they say you ought to use your gloss mainly in your kitchens and things like that. <SEP> Yeah. That and semigloss for trim work and usually flat for walls. Yeah. But I think maybe uh. I don't know if it was just the. Was it not washable paint? Well it it is a latex paint. But it just kind of is is. So you know so it's supposed to wash you're supposed to be able to wash it. <SEP> Uh-huh. But it um just looks dingy. I don't know how else to explain it. What color is it? It's pink. <SEP> Pink. Okay. It's kind of got uh oh just kind of a worn look to it. I don't know even how to say. Just didn't turn out quite as nice as I would have liked. But. Did you uh require more than one can of paint? I we put two coats on it. And it's a small room. But I think it only took one uh can. <SEP> You didn't have to mix paint then right. No. Okay. We did uh oh. You do mix the color as far as you start with uh white. And then they add the color. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. You know what I'm saying. But. <SEP> Yeah. But you only had one can of paint that you did the entire room with. Yes. Right. And then I wall papered a couple of walls. And uh. <SEP> How'd that go? Well that was the first time I've ever wallpapered. And uh. Kind of fun isn't it. That's an education in itself. <SEP> Really. But uh the dye lots uh must have been a little bit different from. First of all it takes quite a few rolls even a small room if you're trying to match a design. Repeating patterns is what you have to check for when you when you buy your paper. Yes. <SEP> That's what I needed. And I didn't think about that. I got a Mickey Mouse print is what I got. Yeah. And so a lot is wasted. <SEP> Normally it will tell you on the roll how often a pattern repeats. So you know how. See I didn't even think to look for that. Yeah. And then the. One of them was just a different color different color pink is what it ended up being. <SEP> Um. And. When you did your papering did you start in the middle of the wall? No. I didn't. <SEP> Or did you start at the edge? Is that how you're supposed to do? I started at one edge and went over. Then you had to cut around the closet and cut around a window. Uh-huh. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh. I've had my best luck in papering when I start in the middle of a wall. And I'll start with a plumb line. And start in the middle of the wall and and go from there and go all the way around the room. And start right there. <SEP> Do you seem to get it straighter. Is that the advantage. Or what's the. Well you you.
sw3515.txt:Well do you do any recycling? Uh we do here. Uh see what do we recycle? We they recycle. They have bins. Yeah. <SEP> And they also have centers where you can take aluminum cans and uh plastic bottles. And I think that's all they have. Oh. What about you guys? Well we uh. There is a lot of things that you can recycle down here although the only thing I guess I wind up recycling religiously is uh aluminum cans. <SEP> Uh-huh. But uh we've got a we've got a couple of different things uh places uh. They're like unattended aluminum can smashers. And you can go up there and and uh redeem. We've got one that gives you like a penny a can. So if you. Really? Yeah. <SEP> For smashed cans? Well actually you have to give put them in there unsmashed. Uh-huh. And uh when you do that it it basically crushes them and then drops a penny down a little shoot. <SEP> Oh can you can you hold on for just a minute? Sure. I'm going to try pressing one again to make sure that I pressed it hard enough because okay just succeed. Okay. <SEP> Okay? Oh okay. Well I guess I guess. Well I heard it that I heard it that time. <SEP> Yeah. Okay. Well anyways you guys only get a penny a can. Well when you buy like uh canned drinks and stuff like that do they charge you for the deposit? Uh no. You probably get charged like a nickel or something like that. Yeah. <SEP> Exactly. And so it's like they charge you for the deposit. So when you turn in the cans unsmashed you're just like reimbursed. Oh okay. Type of thing. Okay. No. They don't charge us that extra nickel. <SEP> That's sort of nice though. Yeah. It it really is. Really what happens is we just get a penny a can back off the off the price if you want to think of it that way. Uh-huh. So when we get like uh uh a twelve pack then that's like twelve cents back. <SEP> Yeah. So you guys can actually get ahead. Yeah. But uh they have sort of like uh things that you c- you're not like reimbursed for or paid for. Like we can recycle uh clear glass brown glass green glass. Uh and milk jugs and uh newspapers you know. Yeah. <SEP> Everyone does newspapers. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody does newspapers. But that that kind of stuff. Yeah. <SEP> But they they said they can't be smashed or else uh. It doesn't fit in their little containers. And they're not reimbursed by the the people who are over them or something. Well shoot maybe what we ought to do is start sending unsmashed uh Pepsi cans and whatever up there. Yeah. <SEP> Exactly. Yeah. Send it to this address. No. But uh let's see. They said that how ways can encourage recycling uh. I I I tell you what what really works uh at least down here is if there is if there is some e- even some money basically to take care of the gas to recycle it you know what I mean then people tend to do it. Uh. <SEP> Yeah. That's. In other words taking care of the environment is is all well and good. Uh-huh. But if it's going to cost you to take care of the environment they're not quite as uh likely to do it as if uh if you get something back for it. You know. <SEP> As likely to do it. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. That's true. And uh so you know if there are some energy savings or if there is some significant savings anything that they can pass on to the consumer you know it kind of reminds me of using an A T M card you know to get money or doing your banking. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yeah. You know if it's free people will use it. If it costs them something then they're not as likely to use it. Yeah. Exactly. You know. But uh I know we had a problem down here with uh oil people taking oil out of their cars and just putting it down the d- you know the s- the drain sewer. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. And uh all that because there was. Apparently a lot of people you know every time they change the oil. They just dump all the res- their old oil down there. <SEP> Uh-huh. Now they're starting to recycle that stuff. Oh that's good. Uh another thing I thought of I guess to recycle would be like clothes because I mean everybody gets rid of their clothes sometime or other. And one way that we do it sort of in in Iowa is that we can take some of our clothes to the consignment shops. Yeah. <SEP> And that way you know you don't get near enough as as much as you bought it for. But you you got the use out of it. And what you're going to basically donate to a Goodwill or whatever anyways you can get a little bit of money for. Yeah. And so that's something that I've never. Yeah. <SEP> I we're we're new to Iowa. So that's something that I hadn't you know looked into before. But that's one way to sort of get money and still recycle I guess. Yeah. I know a lot of places they uh uh.
sw2397.txt:Okay. Um I guess um this is probably really a good subject for me because I really like to do uh hand work. Uh mostly I do needlepoint I guess. Oh really. But um. <SEP> What kinds of things have you done? Um well I've made a lot of baby gifts. Uh-huh. It seem like that's. Like especially lately there's been so many babies that uh bibs and blankets and things like that. Wall hangings um. <SEP> Do you ever keep any of your stuff? Isn't that funny. No. I do crochet and a lot of uh things like that. And I have very little of my own stuff. And it's kind of embarrassing. People say let me see some of your work. <SEP> Oh well can you do it? Yeah. Isn't that funny. I guess I do have one thing. A friend of mine gave me a clock kit. Ooh. And I I needlepointed the face. And I uh kept that because she gave me that. So. <SEP> That that would be definitely something you'd want to keep. Oh yeah. And it's real neat. Was was the whole face done or just the numbers and and like minute marks? Um basically the whole. Well no. I guess the minute marks. But the minute marks are done they're like hearts. <SEP> Oh. And then the. At the numbers they they're kind of outlined and stuff. It it was quite bit of work. But you know it was a lot of fun too. I really like doing stuff like that. So. I did some needlepoint years ago. And then I got into the Bargello. Oh what's that? <SEP> Well it's an Italian um needlework using using the uh. I started to say the canvas. But the uh huh. What kind of cloth uses that. I I've just gone blank. But it's used with yarn. And it usually takes long stitches over two or three openings in the cloth. Huh. And you weave intricate patterns and use different colors. Like it could be a flame stitch where so rather than drawing a picture you're making a design like a geometric or whatever. And it was used quite often in the colonial times to uh uh to upholster chairs and so forth as well as the crewel um embroidery work that was done on them. Wow that's interesting. What did you what kind of things did you do? <SEP> What I did when I was doing that was mostly pillows you know for sofas and so forth. And I can't find one that I've done. Oh. It's one of those things. I did- I didn't give them away. But I didn't know if it's been my color choice or multiple moves or or what. Yeah. <SEP> And it. I was so proud of them when I got them finished. But I have no idea where they are. What did you call that? Bargello. It's B A R G E double L O. Huh. That's. I've never heard of that before. I've probably seen it though. <SEP> I suspect you I suspect you have. I mean when you described it. Yeah. I mean when you described it it sounded like something you know that would be around I guess. But I've never heard of it before. And it's really interesting. Um I guess I've decorated baskets and stuff before in the past. But I've kind of gotten out of that. I use to do a lot more and sell at craft shows. <SEP> Me too. Really. Yes. That's interesting. Yeah. It is. <SEP> How did you know to choose this subject tonight. That's funny. What. How did you. What kinds of decorations did you use with the bas-. How were you decorating the baskets? Oh basically bows and lace uh ribbons. Um. Um. I really wanted to do. You know so many of them now have the ribbons where I'm not sure how they do it. But the ribbons they make them they like. I don't know how to explain it. They make them hard you know? <SEP> Like fabric that's been stiffened. Yeah. Yes. I've never done that. And those are so neat. I mean I would really like to do those. But Um. <SEP> I've seen some. And there there they. I suspect they're fairly simple because the one lady I've seen I know that does it I've never asked her any questions. But she has three kids all under the age of like six. And and they're all a handful. So it's got to be something she can do fairly easily and fairly quickly. Oh definitely. Yeah. <SEP> When I do um crochet it's usually the lacy Victorian type things like that. Oh. And I stiffen those with a a glue mixture. It's like white glue. And it may be something similar to that that the fabric is dipped in and then um allowed to dry in those those draping bows I mean those draping streamers. I don't know. Oh. <SEP> I was just. There's bound to be some kind of fabric stiffener like that that's very similar that's not going to melt too much with uh uh high humidity in a room. Yeah. That's I think that's what my concern was was it really sure and how they would how they would last. <SEP> Do you know what my concern is? How will I dust this thing? You're right. <SEP> That's terrible. No. That's true. That's funny. So many of my crafts. Well right now I'm looking at a little quilted uh uh hanging. It's like it's a flag. And I don't want to wash it because that would start breaking down the batting and so forth. But it's such a dust collector to be out and so forth. Yeah. <SEP> And most of my things are dust collectors. Uh and I hate to dust. I know. <SEP> So first thing I think of is how easy would this thing be to clean. That's funny. No. I do some. I have really gotten out of it. I don't do it quite as much as I used to. Um I guess because I I went back to school. So I don't have as much time. <SEP> Oh you don't have time. No. And I have two children also. You definitely don't have time. It keeps me very busy. But I really enjoy it when I do do it when I get the chance you know. It's really. It's so relaxing to just sit. And but once I get started I can't put it down. I just. <SEP> I have a similar problem. I've got to have time. Or I don't even want to get into it in the first place. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And so I end up lots of time not doing anything at all. I know. I started a project it's been over a year ago that I swore I was going to finish for somebody for Christmas. <SEP> You just didn't say which Christmas right. That's what I keep telling this person. Well I didn't tell you what year. What was this project? Um well it's a it's uh cross stitch. And it's a picture. And it's a wildlife. It has deer and trees. And it's really beautiful. But it's going to be a lot of work. And you know I've I have worked on it quite a bit but not as much as I'd like to. You know it's just so hard. <SEP> Now this is done in the needlepoint? Uh-huh. Well I should-. It's counted cross stitch actually is what I'm doing. And so it's really since it's counted you know it's really a lot of work. Yes. Yes. I do know. Yeah. <SEP> I have done a little bit of that. But I decided that that's something that demands my tim- my my total attention. Uh-huh. And so I've got to have total almost total silence. I can't really watch television if the pattern is very intricate. It sounds like you'd have lots of shading on that particular piece. Uh-huh. <SEP> Yep. It is not does not sound like an easy one to finish. No. It really isn't. And I tell you really I could just kick myself for even starting it because I have a feeling I'm never going to get it done. I'm probably going to hear about it the rest of my life. <SEP> Oh I'm sure you'll get it done. But it just may not of the original. Obviously not of the original time schedule. No. That's true. I I just don't know when I'm ever. It just seems like there's just never enough time to pick it up and do it. You know it's just really hard. But I really do en-. Like I said I really enjoy it when I do. It's just hard. Just hard finding the time that can be dedicated. Uh-huh. <SEP> And there's there's so many other things that I I have done you know in the meantime like I said so many baby gifts. I've made a lot of bibs and wall hangings. And so you know those don't take much time at all. So it's no big deal for me to pick those up and do them. Do you do you use patterns I mean like a book of patterns. Or do you go out an buy a a kit like for a bib or something like that. No. I usually just buy a pattern book. I have several pattern books. And I just go with those. <SEP> Okay. And then I buy the bibs separate. Usually I think it's a little bit cheaper in the long run. And then I just use whatever colors I want to. I don't usually use the colors they tell me to. Um. And it it depends on what it is you know. But some things especially letters if they suggest certain colors for letters I just go with whatever I want to. <SEP> That's what I would do too. Yeah. Yeah. Or whatever I have. There's yeah there's a few designs I guess I've done myself but not very many. Real simple ones you know I do. I've made I made a little uh little uh little thumb print and made it a bunny. <SEP> Ooh. It was really easy. I mean just just did a thumb print. You know. What. With ink? Uh-huh. <SEP> Oh okay. And then see I didn't cross stitch the actual thumb print. You know that was just the ink. And then I made the ears and little eyes and nose and mouth. That was so simple. Oh that sounds really neat. It didn't take anything at all. <SEP> Did you do did you use like uh a stamp pad and ink. Uh-huh. And then I just. Ok. So you. Just like being finger printed.
sw2436.txt:Well I haven't had too much of a chance to watch T V lately. Yeah. So probably everything I going to say is kind of dated. <SEP> Well I can understand that. It's that time of the year. Yeah. We just my wife and I just recently moved into our house. So we're spend a lot of time on the house and out in the yard and things. But. Um like to keep up to date too. Oh. <SEP> Yeah. Uh-huh. <SEP> I guess in the. Since I got out of college which was about five years ago my T V viewing started to tend more towards uh documentary news programs things like that. Uh-huh. Something that's going to keep mu up to date. I've kind of kind of gotten away from uh being a series watcher having to keep up to date with uh. Oh yeah. I think when you're in college you kind of you have more of a regular schedule in terms of you can watch every week. <SEP> Uh-huh. Yeah. That makes a big difference. So yeah. I I used to. When my kids were real little and I was home I watched. Where I was home where I watched things on a more regular basis. But right now the last things I watched regularly was THIRTY SOMETHING when it first came out. <SEP> Okay. Did you all ever watch that? I yeah I started too and uh kind of kind of worked away from that. Yeah. <SEP> Yeah. I I have a hard time sticking with something like like on T V because it like it gets real aggravating if you miss it for a week or two. Yeah. <SEP> You feel kind of left out. Right. Right. But um right. I know. But I tell you what um. We're really strict with our kids about television. And one night couple weeks ago it was just happened that we were exhausted. And they wanted to watch. And we said okay well we'll sit down. And we'll you know look at what you want to see. Let's just turn it on and see what's on. We could not find anything that had any kind of redeeming value in it. <SEP> I believe that. So you know it was prime time. It was what seven thirty eight o'clock on a week night. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And we have cable. And there wasn't anything on any channel. And the stuff that was on the prime the networks you know A B C N B C C B S was. It was just um dribble. <SEP> Yeah. You know I mean it wasn't even funny. That's right. It wasn't creative. It it was the worst I've seen. I mean I have not watched prime time week night T V I guess in a real long time because I was shocked. <SEP> Yeah. I know exactly how you feel. You know what I'm saying. <SEP> That's right. I uh when I first moved down here moved into the apartment and got cable and I guess I sort of kind of became numb. Uh-huh. Nothing surprised me any more seeing it on the T V you know. <SEP> And then all of a sudden I started paying paying attention to network T V again once in a while. Right. Right now we don't have cable. Right. <SEP> And it's surprising how much it's changed. Uh-huh. The whole moral situation everything is just gone one whole complete direction different. And we don't have any kids yet. But I feel the same way. It's really tough to find something that's going to be good and interesting for the kids. Even even cartoons um. Right. <SEP> Oh. You know you watch some of the cartoons. And kids aren't aren't even going to understand half the humor that's in there. Yeah. <SEP> It's. None of it's probably damaging lot of times. Right. It's just it's just uh like a necessary evil. I mean when we when our children were younger when they were like four years old three years old five years old we just had Sesame Street. And that was about it you know. Right. Right. But now in order to seem you know humane and normal we do allow them to watch cartoons and stuff. <SEP> Oh yeah. Yeah. But it's just one of those things you know. You have to shut your eyes or not listen or something because those drive you crazy if you're if you're in the room. So But it's such a shame because it could be so good. That's right. I don't understand why first of all the public puts up with it. Second of all why the networks think that you know we enjoy that kind of stuff. <SEP> Well that's true. It's hard to believe that nobody can be any more creative than that. That can't be the problem. Uh-huh. It must be the marketing pressures. And you know their demographic studies that they do that show you know that everybody's I Q has dropped dramatically or something. <SEP> I'm glad you said it. And I didn't have to. But that that that's the. I feel the exact same way. I sit I sit and watch some shows. And I'm embarrassed for the people that are even involved in the show. I know. <SEP> You know why do you do this to yourself? Why do you do this? Yeah. I know. I'm trying to think if there's anything I do. You like uh I like stuff that's on Great Performances. And I we used to watch mystery quite a bit and things like that. <SEP> Okay. Stuff I guess that mostly public on public T V. Right. As a matter of fact you know when I was a kid excuse me my parents used to have. We had this rule in our house for every hour of regular T V that we watched we had to watch an hour of public T V. <SEP> Now there's an idea. That was just the rule. And if they saw us watching the something. They'd say all right what did you see on WHAT'S NEW. Or there was some other. The children's program I think at the time was called WHAT'S NEW. Okay. Yeah. So we had to give a little oral report before we could watch our program. <SEP> Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty good. Do you do you watch sports on T V? Are you a sports fan? I can't handle it very long. Yeah. <SEP> I I mean I'm I'm a sports fan. But it's well it's kind of it's kind of like reading magazines any more. If half of the time wasn't spent watching commercials it probably wouldn't be so bad. Right. Yeah. But uh it it's. You're missing an awful lot. Yeah. <SEP> I'd rather personally rather watch see a game on T V than fight the crowds at the stadium. But uh But uh no I don't sit down. Yeah. That's true. The traffic. Uh. <SEP> I'll sit down for the big games the Super Bowl and the championship you know things like that. Yeah. But I don't follow any team. Uh-huh. <SEP> I check the scores the next morning. And I know how everybody's doing. And that suffices me. But I like I like good comedy good humor once in a while. Yeah. Yeah. I I enjoy that. But what do you where do you do you get that come-. <SEP> Well yeah. You don't have cable now. I was going to say they have a comedy channel now. But again you're in a situation where you're watching mostly uh commercials. And then you're you know trying to pass the time to wait until the next comedian comes up. You know what I did. There was a time there where I could tape things. And then I'd fast forward through the commercials. <SEP> Uh-huh. Saved a lot of time that way. Yeah. It works. You bet. Yeah. But that takes too much planning. <SEP> Yeah. No. I don't know. If there's any any series that I pay attention to I try to watch CHEERS once in a while. Now that yeah is that still real good. It used to be real good. But. Yeah. It is. Is it. <SEP> In fact it's I think it's on tonight. Oh. I just got in from outside. So I. Oh okay. <SEP> So I'm kind of out of it. Things like that. And I consider that fairly intelligent humor. You know. Yeah. Yeah. <SEP> You can tell. They pick up the words every once in a while. Right. Right. Isn't it such a long running program. Yeah. Yeah. They do have a good they do have good writers for that. Oh that makes me think. Do you watch SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE at all? <SEP> I try to. Yeah. We try to stay up too. Yeah. It's getting harder and harder. Ten years ago wasn't so hard to stay up. <SEP> Yeah. You know it was it was just automatic too. No matter where you were you stopped and sat down and watched it. I think it's come around again. It's gone through cycles. Yeah. It was. We stopped watching for a couple of years in the middle there. But we started watching again. Uh-huh. But it's real different show than it was when it started. <SEP> Yeah. It's funny now. And it's better. But it's real different than what it used to be. That's right. <SEP> That's right. But you can't be so can't be outrageous. Right. You know if you keep that same format. There's only so long that you can be outrageous. So. <SEP> Yeah. That's for sure that is for sure. Well I guess there are a few things around still. But. Yeah. But you have to hunt hard for them. Sounds like you pretty much agree. Yeah. I guess so. <SEP> Well. Well. Been uh good talking to you. Yeah. Good talking to you. <SEP> Okay. Take care. You too. Bye. Bye.
