sw2617.txt:I have a lot of thoughts about the Vietnam War. I guess I feel like I was pretty young while it was going on. And so there's probably a lot of things I remember and a lot of things that I really didn't have a clue as to what was happening. Looking back maybe some of the things that I know now I'm not sure I do believe it was worth the cost in dollars and lives. That was one of the questions that she asked us to think about. Because we never went to war. I don't think we were committed to winning it and getting out. And I feel like it went on and on. <SEP> And I guess I see such a contrast as opposed to the Middle East War we just had where President Bush went out and got worldwide support for what was happening. I just feel like maybe we went in to be policeman. And I'm not sure that's our role. But. <SEP> I agree with that. I was fairly young at the time too. I really don't have very many memories about it at all in fact. And my husband is a Vietnam veteran. And in looking at the Persian Gulf war that just went on he. It frustrates him because of the support that they have and the support that the Vietnam vets did not have from the people or the administration either one. Don't you think that maybe that's why we had it this time? I do think that it's been too long in coming. But I feel like maybe the American people and the government are aware of the things that we did wrong that we didn't support those. <SEP> So many people were opposed to the war. What it translated into was they were opposed to the folks that were there fighting it. And those guys were there doing their duty. That's right. They weren't there by choice. And. And I think that we learned from that. And I think it's one of those things that you learn the hard way. It was a tragic mistake. <SEP> The way that they have been treated over the years and I believe that's just now turning around. Just now trying to be rectified. And I'm not sure you can undo the damage that was done emotionally on so many of the people. <SEP> I don't think you can. And I agree with you that I think that the time difference between the two wars has allowed a lot of people to see the mistakes that were made in every aspect of it. And I agree with you also that I feel like it was not worth the money spent or the lives lost to fight that war. They're still not settled over there. They're not. And I have a feeling that the Persian Gulf crisis is going to be the same way. <SEP> I think we're going to end up back there in a few years if not sooner. I appreciate the fa-. I feel like President Bush is in a hard spot. He went over there to get them out of Kuwait which he did. And then he has backed out. He has pulled out. And I realize they're still saying you're encouraging us to get rid of Saddam Hussein. So why aren't you helping us? And I think him going in and doing that would be putting us in another Vietnam situation. <SEP> I think it would too. And I don't think the U S will stand for it. I don't think he would do that. I think we learned too much of the effects. <SEP> I agree with that. Whether it was justified or not I know that they probably felt like we were going in for a good cause. I feel like maybe they felt like we were doing the right thing to try and help maintain the democracy over there and beat the communism. But I think somewhere that got lost. In the long term effects of the war. <SEP> And. You have to give Bush a lot of credit for he said that's what we were going there to do. And he did what he said. And he did pull out before it got any further than that where it would have turned into more of a police action. Or more of a political action you getting into their governmental affairs which you really can't do as another country. <SEP> My biggest problem with all of these wars is we spend all of that money on all these other countries. And we have so many problems here at home that we don't address. That we don't get fixed. <SEP> That's right. I know. And that's what frustrates me more than anything. And I believe that we have to have a military. And I believe that we have to have a defense to keep anybody else from walking in and doing it to us. <SEP> But I also believe that we need to turn so much of that inward. I think there's a lot of waste. And they don't if they could just cut out all the fat and get it lean and start addressing some of the other issues. I think we could take care of everything. And quit taking care of all these other countries all across the world who just end up using things against us later on anyway. Ye-. <SEP> I know. I do think that in the Middle East war. I think that maybe a lot of the Arab countries that were so hateful towards the United States have come away with kind of a different attitude. I think that maybe we're not their big bad enemy any more. <SEP> And I think that's good. I think that's a good. <SEP> A lot of good has come from this one. I think so too. And I guess in uh ironic way a lot of good came from the Vietnam war toward this war. Because we said earlier that a lot of eyes were opened after years and years of that war. And. And perhaps the reason that good came out of the Mid East war is because we had the experience of Vietnam. <SEP> So I do think that we've learned from it. I wish there weren't war. <SEP> No kidding. But I do think we learned. And I just hate the emotional price a lot of the Vietnam people paid for nothing. <SEP> They still don't know what they were there for. There was no feeling of accomplishment no goal. We went in. But what did we do. We lost lives. And what were we trying to do. Who knows. <SEP> That's true. And I think you're right. I think you're right there. I do remember when it was over. I remember when they were coming home. But I remember the feeling back then. Right now I feel like this country has been behind this war. There's a lot of people that aren't for war. I'm not for war. <SEP> But I believe that the way that it was done and the way that was handled were right. I don't remember that feeling back in Vietnam. I just remember. Our guys are over there. And it's sad. And we shouldn't be fighting a war. But there was no let's support them. <SEP> We-. The. When this war broke out it frustrated me all the antiwar people and all the demonstrations that were going on. I felt like they got way too much media coverage and publicity. Because those kind of people they're the kind of people who've always got to have a cause whether it's good bad of indifferent. They've got to have a cause. And nobody says because you're supporting the troops that you're supporting the war. That's right. That's right. <SEP> You have to support the people that are there. That's right. <SEP> And for some reason those people don't see that. They don't see it as supporting the folks the people. They don't. And they're just real shallow people. I would agree with you there. <SEP> I agree. And I recall when President Bush said that. He said look. I'm sorry that you're opposed to the war. There's a lot of us that are opposed to war. But you're not helping the people that are over there by what you're doing. And I remember a lot of it kind of stopped after that. But. <SEP> They're not helping anybody. That's the whole point. Not. They're not doing anything for anybody except themselves. That's true. <SEP> And I don't even know what they're doing for themselves. Giving a soapbox to stand on. <SEP> But I'm glad we've learned. I'm sorry we had the experience of Vietnam. And I'm especially sorry for the people that have spent all these years trying to deal with it emotionally. Because until the past four or five years nobody ever really worried about that for them. <SEP> That's true. And I think that's where we as American people really failed them. <SEP> I don't know. Do you have anything else you want to say on this? I guess not. I think this is the first time that I haven't been cut off by the computer. <SEP> I know. We get cut off all the time too. Usually I can talk all day. But this is something to me that's sad. It is. Have a good day. And I appreciate the conversation. <SEP> Same here.
sw2527.txt:. What kind of camping is there in Texas? There are quite a few state parks. And there's a couple of national parks that you can camp at. <SEP> Most of them have pretty good facilities. I don't know if the camping that I've done is really roughing it without a whole lot of stuff. You do backpacking and the like? Done a little bit of that mainly just camping out at the state parks. I've been to a couple in Texas. And there's some real nice ones in Arkansas. <SEP> I think Arkansas has one of the best parks departments around. Is the Ozarks in Arkansas? Part of them are. <SEP> So that's probably a pretty nice place to go. They've got real nice lake system around their parks. One of them the gray it's real nice there a bunch of lakes around it. There's a golf course and just a whole bunch of camping sites. What about you. Where have you. <SEP> I've been camping for years not on a regular basis. But I first started camping out in the desert in California. And then sometimes in the mountains also in California. And then I moved to North Carolina. And I didn't camp for a long time. And then I started to go camping again kind of in conjunction with white water rafting. So I'd go up somewhere and camp overnight and then do some rafting. <SEP> And then maybe camp another night and drive home. And that was pretty good. So I went out and bought a whole bunch of camping gear. And I still do it once in a while. I think we've collected stuff off and on over the years. The more times we did it the more serious we get about it. Where is Raleigh in North Carolina? <SEP> In terms of north south I would say it's a little more towards the northern border of the state and pretty much in the eastern half of it. So what i-. Are you kind of away from the Blue Ridge Mountains. <SEP> It's. An area. The Blue Ridge in Virginia are closer to Raleigh. They're about three hours away if you go due north. <SEP> Of. The Blue Ridge in North Carolina are much nicer. And you can pick those up going west. But then you're talking about six to eight hours. The way it works. But it's a real nice place to go and camp. And there's some pretty decent campgrounds although I don't think the state of North Carolina takes. They probably just don't spend as much money as a lot of other states might. My wife's from the western part of Virginia. We've been down the parkway a lot. But I didn't know how much camping areas there were along there. <SEP> I think there's quite a few. I can't say I've checked them all out though. What's it like camping in the desert and California. That seems like a challenge. It's actually kind of incredible. <SEP> It's really really nice. I like it better than almost anything I've ever done. Just the sky is so amazing. You really can probably count thousands of stars. And it's just kind of nice. I like the. I think the desert has a rare kind of beauty which a lot of people don't realize. They hear desert. And they think of scorpions and snakes and sand and being real dry and lack of water. Course it has all of those qualities. But it also has a certain quality of beauty that you just don't find anyway else except in a desert. <SEP> So it's pretty nice. The movie THE DOORS has some nice desert scenes. Those guys all go camping out in the desert. Of course they drag a lot of drugs with them. But the shots are pretty nice. And it's sort of like that. It's just almost surreal in some places. <SEP> It's very pleasant. Are the temperatures real extreme there. Or the. They can be. You sort of have to choose your season carefully and know what's going to happen. <SEP> I've been camping in Death Valley. One doesn't go in July. But it's beautiful in February. <SEP> It's just beautiful. The days get up into the high eighties maybe the nineties. But it's quite bearable. And then the nights are reasonably warm sixties or seventies. It's just great. It's really very nice. We've talked about planning a trip up through. I have a sister-in-law that lives up through New Mexico and into Colorado and the Grand Canyon area. I don't know when I'm going to get a chance to do that. But. That would be pretty nice. I have been camping on the south rim the Grand Canyon. That's okay. A lot of people like to go down and camp down inside. I was just too lazy that trip to do all that walking especially with my gear. <SEP> I'll bet. That one thing you said about the stars is really true. It's. When you're close to a big city like Dallas the lights kind of wash off the star. So it's nice to get away. It's just amazing how much you miss. <SEP> It. It. It really is. I don't think I ever see the Little Dipper. You hear people talk about the Little Dipper. <SEP> But I don't think I ever see it except when I go get out of the city and go camping in the desert or in the mountains. Otherwise it's just too faint. I guess we've talked as much as we need to on the subject. I think we fulfilled our obligation. Thanks for calling. Nice talking to you. It was good talking to you Robert. <SEP>.
sw3134.txt:I guess we're supposed to discuss the school system. That shouldn't be too much trouble for the two of us? As many years as we've been involved in one. I really feel fortunate in that even though there are problems. They're not a lot of problems where I teach. <SEP> But from talking to people in other districts there are some major problems with dropouts. When I was in Minnesota last summer there was a teacher who said that on a given day she didn't know how many of her students would show up. And sometimes they didn't even show up for class. And she taught in high school in inner city Minneapolis. <SEP> And they just didn't come to school. That's really sad isn't it? And I can not imagine being able to do much of anything when they don't even come to school. Just recently in the paper here were articles about students working. High school students that work and the percentage of hours that they work and how that affects their grades. <SEP> But then the follow-up the next day was. I was kind of glad to see. Because it said that. But for those students who are determined to do well anyway that handling a job was very possible. And that it seemed to have more to do with other factors. <SEP> I think so too. What are their plans after high school. And what's their home situation. You know that. The home is the key. <SEP> I think really is because if the home does not place a high priority on education. <SEP> And the main goal is making money now. And it may be a survival thing for the family which you can understand. <SEP> But there can still be an attitude of. This is a stopgap measure because we need it right now. But that the most important thing is still getting your education. <SEP> Your education. When they said the topic of what's wrong with the public schools my first impulse was it isn't really what's wrong with the public schools. It's what's wrong with families. <SEP> That's right. It's what's wrong with families. And if children come to school insecure and their biggest concern is survival both at home. And society in general. <SEP> They don't know what to expect at home. They don't feel secure there. They don't know what's going to happen just out front of their apartment complex. <SEP> For example that child that was shot. How can they concentrate on schooling? I agree with you. <SEP> I think that's the main problem. And schools now are supposed to solve social problems mental and emotional problems as well as educate the kids and try to provide them with some security. <SEP> And that's overwhelming. At our school we have over a thousand elementary kids. And last year was the first year that we ever had more than one counselor. And that's just really not enough. <SEP> It isn't. And I was talking to somebody that teaches in a middle school. And they said we need more in the middle school because that's when kids are at a tougher and rougher age and all that. But part of my feeling is that if you help them to work through their problems while they're littler then they won't have as many problems up there. I think there has to be at least a counselor. And we just recently had a counselor at elementary. We didn't even have counselors in elementary. <SEP> We have always though had three at middle schools because we had about a thousand kids. And they divided them up between three counselors. But for a good while every year they'd have a different counselor. And they decided that didn't work. They started dividing the kids up so that a counselor stays with her group of counselees through all three years of middle school. They do that here. <SEP> <SEP> And I think that would give them more security in going to the counselor. If they have a rapport with their counselor. If they don't I hope they have the flexibility to be able to change a child that really is in need of counseling help if they absolutely refuse to work with them. <SEP> To change. And occasionally that happens. <SEP> But it is frightening. Because education is the key to our future. It certainly is. And if we have children who are not getting their education for one reason or another then what are we going to do with them? That's right. <SEP> What's going to happen to them? Are they going to be able to work at other kind of menial jobs. Or are they going to be the thieves and the people in prison. And our prisons are filling up faster then we can build them. <SEP> That's no good. I'm on that campus strategic planning committee for my school. And one of the. They have all these different names for things strategies and all these different things. But anyway one of the key things was that we believed that the public education is the best economic value. Then I think they decided to strike economic. <SEP> Anyway the point was what happens when public education fails? Will then people go to private schools? What kind of a situation do they get there. And what are. And what kind of state are we in if most people are going to private schools. <SEP> I think one thing that we'll see is that we won't be educating everybody. There will be a lot of people who will not get even a menial education like in other countries of the world where they don't try to educate everyone. <SEP> That's one of the things that we do. We try to educate everyone. That's right. That's right. <SEP> We're the only country in the world that does. And let everyone have an opportunity to reach higher education if they're willing to work and have some ability. <SEP> They can do that. And one of the Plano school district's goals is that they will graduate every child that is here in the ninth grade. I believe it's something like that. <SEP> It's worded. And I don't know. If we can keep them in school. <SEP> That's so important. Then that helps a lot. <SEP> I think the gang violence is scaring everyone to death too. That new movie out. It's scary to me. I. Really a frightening situation. <SEP> We are. I guess we're both lucky. To be in situations and schools where we don't see that. My folks talk about it a lot in Illinois. My mother was teacher for years and years. And they live in Peoria Illinois. And they're talking a lot about the school situation there too. Shall we wrap it up? <SEP> I would imagine that we've talked the amount of time necessary. I think we have to. So I'll see you when we see you. <SEP> We were in Austin yesterday. The reason that I wasn't at church. And we went to hear James wind ensemble concert. They left this morning for England. <SEP> How exciting. Isn't that wonderful? That is wonderful. <SEP> What an experience. And the university.
sw2828.txt:Kathleen do you believe that there is a problem with our public school system? I certainly do. I think we have a lousy school system. And what do you think that problem is? <SEP> And I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that we don't train our teachers very well. And then we put the schools in the hands of professional educators instead of the teachers and the parents. And then we put too much responsibility on the teachers for things that are really not education. <SEP> They're social services. That seems like you've thought this through quite a bit before. As a matter of fact I just finished editing a book on the topic. So I have some rather strong opinions. That's interesting. Do you yourself. <SEP> And I'm sure they're colored by what I've edited. Do youself have children who are or have been through the public school system? I do. And I was not very happy with the results. I see. So if you were to improve it what would you do to improve it? <SEP> I think I would start with getting rid of about two-thirds of the administrators. And all the auxiliary personnel. The school bureaucracy that exists mainly to perpetuate itself. <SEP> And then I would use the money that we've paying them to provide some special help in training and particularly mentor teachers to work with the beginning teachers and the teachers who may have been at it a long time but have been making the same mistakes for a long time. <SEP> And then let them try some innovative things and see what works. And then have some sort of mechanism for passing that knowledge along to other teachers who could benefit from the same sorts of things. And then from the parents' side have the parents support the school. Get involved. <SEP> Pay attention to what's happening. Talk to the teachers. Talk to their kids about school. And support the institution. And a-. Instead of becoming adversaries to the teachers so that the teacher's in the middle. That's some pretty good ideas. Why don't you do something with those? I've done about all I can do which is get the manuscript in good shape so that it can be published and read by a lot of people. You should run for a school board position. <SEP> That I'm not so sure about. I've got a lot of things to keep me busy. That. Have you done anything like that? Anything political? My mother was on the school board. As we were coming up. <SEP> And that basically is the extent to which our family has been directly. They've always been involved. My parents through the P T A organization. And my mother was on the school board for eight years. But I guess that's more than some people less than others. <SEP> That's more than a lot. I would tend to agree with you that there is a problem. The methods of correcting it I haven't thought through quite to the detail which you have. But I believe that there's definitely a basic perception and image problem with the fact of even being a teacher. And if there was a way to set that image to be a little higher esteem a little more prestige to being a teacher. And with that of course you have to pay them accordingly. If we paid them more it would attract more the higher educated people to either move into that field or to continue in that field. <SEP> And then if you paid them more you'd also be able to demand a higher quality product out of them. I think that's absolutely right. They. The thing that worries me about that is that if you just raise salaries across the board you're going to be rewarding people who've been doing a lousy job. Instead of getting the improvement that we want. <SEP>. <SEP> So we'd have to have some way to reward and recognize the teachers who are doing a good job and give them a pat on the back and respect and some honor and more money. <SEP> And it's a business or an occupation that the results are not as tangible as other ones. It's hard to tell. So it's very difficult to say that this teacher is doing a better job than this other one other than how a person scores in the beginning before the class and then after the class. If there's some gauge that they could make. <SEP> Also I've thought about the idea of making teaching and the. Before you can get a certificate you have a certain residency period. Much like a doctor. Maybe not the four years definitely. But some certain type of position where you're overseen to begin with. That's a very good suggestion. Just something to i-. Rather than throw someone into that environment it. <SEP> I don't think student teaching is enough. I thought that maybe something. I think that at least what I used to observe in student teaching was that some college kid who might not be all that bright to begin with was thrown into a class room with a teacher who was harried and overworked and had too many kids to handle and too many things to do and too many interruptions to pay much attention to the student teacher. <SEP> And then the student teacher didn't stay but about six weeks. <SEP> So there really was no time to try much of anything and get significant feedback that would help the student teacher improve very much. <SEP> There are lots of things that could be done in that line including things like video taping. Because it wouldn't be hard with all the electronic equipment that's around these days to video tape either a master teacher teaching a class so that then students could watch that and criticize the methods used and analyze it. Figure out what worked and what didn't work. <SEP> And then also to video tape the student teachers so they could correct their own performance. That's good as a teaching aid. But more you see these commercials that have Jimmy walking into class late and it happens that the teacher is an instructor who is in New York while Jimmy's in Rome. And the whole electronic classroom idea. <SEP> I don't know if I'm in favor of. I don't think that's going to work. I think especially in the younger years you need to have more of the person contact rather than just the fact that your machine being fed information to learn how to learn. <SEP> Another thing I think would be helpful would be to have some sort of a national curriculum. Because one of the problems with getting good textbooks is that we have such a fragmented system for curriculums that the textbook makers produce a textbook that will sell in Texas and California. And then everybody else is stuck with that regardless of what they want to teach. Is that because that's where the two biggest markets are. Because it. Or? <SEP> That's the two states that adopt on a state wide basis. I see. And so it. I used to work for a textbook publisher. And it was absolutely clear that if you could get your book adopted by Texas then you had a built-in market because there were only about three or four textbooks in each subject. And all you had to do is just get your share of those adopted in the individual school districts. <SEP> And a third of the Texas market with its millions of kids is a heck of a lot of textbooks. <SEP> And then the states that either don't adopt on a state wide basis or don't have as many kids just have to follow along and take what Texas gets. California is the biggest for elementary schools. But Texas adopts state wide all the way through the twelfth grade. I see. Definitely is a national problem that they need to address. <SEP> Sure is. Definitely is. And I hope maybe we're going to get somewhere with a little more attention being paid to it with Reagan's new education secretary trying to produce some new programs anyway. <SEP> Excuse me. I've enjoyed speaking with you. I have got to go. I've got another line calling. <SEP>
sw3549.txt:What are you guys having for Christmas? What are we having? Let's see. I'm not planning the menu. You're not. <SEP> We usually go out to either one of our folks. They both live close to. But I don't know. It seems like a big thing for Christmas is usually ham. Funny you should mention that. I'm a pig farmer. <SEP> You are. It's kind of a hobby more than anything else. But we're going to have wild boar. <SEP> We killed a boar the other day. It was mating with the sows. And you can't use the piglets. So. It's about six months of no use. So we shot him and cleaned him out and had him processed into ham. And we're also going to have a little roast suckling pig because I've got one that's got a hernia. <SEP> And rather than pay the vet four hundred dollars for surgery we'll just cook him and eat him. Is that hard? I tell you what preparing a little pig is a snap. <SEP> I'm telling you real easy easier than chicken. You just. You kill him. You probably. Most guys just shoot them in the head. They go. In a second they're gone. <SEP> And then you just dip the carcass in boiling water pull it out and gut it and just stick it down in a pit with some cloves and some pineapple about three pineapples and cover him up with wet sacks and then start a charcoal fire on top of him. <SEP> And after about six hours you put the fire out and dig that baby out of there. And it's the best eating you ever had. Does a boar taste just like regular ham? Just like a pig. <SEP> Does it. It has a lot less fat. This wild boar weighed probably about three hundred and thirty pounds. <SEP> And he dressed out to almost two hundred and ten pounds. We took the skin and the head and the feet off. And that was about a hundred pounds of just ham. <SEP> How many people are you planning on serving at Christmas? We're not going to eat the whole thing. Eat it all. It would take a year. But we're going to drive up to Kansas City see my wife's folks. And she. What's your mother cooking for Christmas. Her mom's doing brisket. <SEP> I don't. What is brisket? Brisket? It's a part of the cow that they used to throw away. It's just tough as a boot. <SEP> And they used to use it for leather I think. I was kidding. <SEP> But it's a part of the loin the rib cage. And it has a lot of muscle in it and a lot of gristle where it attaches to the ribs. So it's really a tough piece of meat. <SEP> But it's so tasty you can't stand it. So you just take it. And you marinate it for a couple of days. <SEP> And that softens it up. And then you just put it in the oven. Takes about four hours to cook one. They weigh about anywhere from ten to twenty pounds. <SEP> And we're going to have that. What else do you serve with your pig? We'll have cranberries and hominy. And we're big on olives and cucumbers and stuff up here. <SEP> We have black olives and cucumbers and tomatoes. We still have tomatoes. Do you? Fresh tomatoes. <SEP> We just got lots of snow. It started to freeze up around here. There's nothing between you and us but our barb wire and half of that's down. It's thirty degrees this morning. <SEP> But it'll go up to fifty or sixty almost. I didn't know it got that low at night. It's desert. Where we are it's the edge of the desert. It's part of the Great Plains. So in the day time in the summer it goes up to a hundred hundred and ten. <SEP> And at night it goes down to about sixty. We get a fifty degree temperature swing in about four hours. <SEP> So everything that lives around here is real tough. That's trees. We got hundred year old trees that are twenty feet tall. <SEP> That's all the bigger they get. They're just hard as a rock.
sw2252.txt:What is your view do you consider the Soviet Union a threat? I don't know that it's so much a military threat anymore as a. It's real confusing right now to know what kind of a threat it is I guess. <SEP> It takes awhile to get used to something. If the place has completely turned that much around to where they're not what they used to be. It's hard to know anymore if it's a threat one way or another because it used to be so much in the past that whatever the top said the rest fell rank and file in behind it. <SEP> And now that with Gorbachev is introducing more freedoms or expressions of freedom it doesn't look as though everybody's following the same pattern. And. The people who are the staunch military conservative people. You never know Gorbachev's future is whereas in the past it was seen as whoever was the head of the communist party was seen as untouchable. <SEP>. I thi-. The thing that keeps happening is happening so fast and so dramatic that you almost think wait a minute we're getting stuck into something here. If somebody's about to clobber you the first thing they do is sort of say we're ashamed we're not going to do that anymore. <SEP> And I'd like to think that that isn't true. But I. The evidence is that he's let some stuff go the east German situation. <SEP> It's just the whole thing is so incomprehensible. If I'd have been asleep for five years and read it in a book I said that couldn't have happened that way. It's amazing just because of the drain that's been on both economies that our economy is of course been able to withstand that a little better. <SEP> But the Russian economy. They. I don't know what the percentages are. But I heard it one time. It's just some ungodly number just to support the military machine. And finally who knows. Maybe they're finally waking up and saying we can't afford this. The U S isn't the threat that we've always made them out to be even if they're saying that beneath the doors. <SEP> But it's hard to thing that just one person can bring that much of a radical change in that short of period. Even if it is the best thing in the long run it just steps on too many people's toes who are comfortable with the way the situation is. <SEP> I think what I'd have to. I guess to answer the question directly I'm still just a little bit leery of the whole thing. <SEP> What I haven't seen is a great stepping back in the military situation. It's one thing to let us go ahead and sort of disarm. And I even had a thought once that the whole Iraqi thing might have been just a deal to go ahead and let us expend some military hardware. Expend? <SEP> Of course it didn't turn out that way. And that may have been a kind of far out way of thinking about it I don't know. It's interesting anymore the world's getting so small that it doesn't seem to tolerate anymore any kind of the expansionism philosophy that was here twenty years ago. <SEP>. But of course the people who have challenged that or tried to do have not been world powers. So it's easier for us to say to an Iraq you can't do this get back or we're going to force you. <SEP> Or we can do something about it. Whereas if the Soviet Union would have who knows what taking over Mongolia or something like that who is really will we have been more just rhetoric rather than going in there officially or physically and try to remove them. <SEP>. <SEP> The China situation when it looked like that thing was turning around. And all of a sudden it was like somebody in the Red Square or wherever said okay. And that's enough. And the tanks came in and pretty much took care of that. <SEP> And. That. Personally I don't see Gorbachev as being maybe a threat. And I think he's actually honestly trying to do some change. But I don't believe that he in this first pass around being the first one to really turn things around or attempt to is going to be allowed to get away with it either. <SEP> This would be like if somebody was elected president of the United States and suddenly took off toward just some pretty hard by the socialism. And the reaction. The economic. The social structure of the Soviet Union it's coming apart at the seams. <SEP> And I've heard people say it's just like the American Civil War will there be a union or not? It's not the same sort of a thing at all because that the whole Soviet system was put together under total force. There was no. As we are seeing now with a lot of those areas wanting out of it. <SEP> Nobody vo-. A lot. Those people didn't vote to become part of the Soviet Union. They had no choice. That was always kind of interesting. People. A lot of my friends have taken us down the stance of these people are just trying to be free and trying to get away. And I'm thinking more of it from a nationalistic. If I'm a Soviet and if part of south South Dakota wanted to succeed am I going to stand for that. I realize that the origins are different and that we all joined under a common direction and a common bond to begin with and that they may have been forced I'm not that familiar with their future. <SEP> But I. It's easy to believe that they were probably more forced into a pact than a volunteer or willingness to join. But. <SEP> The whole thing was put together by force. There's no real question about that. And some of the countries that were forced in at later dates is the three Baltic countries came in the forties. <SEP> And it's not that they came in it's they were conquered by the Germans. And then just never given back. And then the Russians even took it back from the Germans and never bothered to give it back. <SEP> So. That's a little different situation. That whole a. <SEP> The whole idea if you look at the Russian history and all countries the way it used to be is the only way to truly protect your borders was to have a buffer. And that was the whole idea why they had so many buffers. And maybe countries hopefully are seeing that that buffer isn't going to help you. You can. I guess Israel is a perfect example. <SEP> The reason they have the Angolan Heights all their buffer area is between Jordan and the Sinai and Lebanon was just as a buffer. But as you can see the scuds go right over there. They don't really pay a whole lot of attention to buffers. There's very little that binds you anymore in today's technology. <SEP> I knew a lot of guys in the service when they were sent to Germany they said that's the safest place in the world because if a war starts all the bombs are going to go right over Germany. And they're going to land in other places. That's going to be the safest place to be. That's probably very true. Ve-. That's very interesting never thought of that. <SEP> I guess what they'd have to do to. I really don't know. In the I hope that what's happening is exactly the way it appears. Some reason or other is it's kind of a strange thing we've been trying to make something like this happen for so long that when it finally happens you say wait a minute. Nobody knows what to do. <SEP> What's really happening here. Is it real? <SEP> But you wonder how well this thing. Who was it Boris Yeltsin evidently was elected president of the Soviet for the Russian republic which is the biggest. <SEP> I get confused between which is the Soviet provinces versus which are the Russian provinces versus what are. <SEP> In the center. But you got the great big area that was traditionally known as Russia. And then all these little nationality groups around it that were was there nineteen of them or whatever. And these were all the Soviet economists they had some real fancy names for them. <SEP> Matter of fact when the. What I read when the United Nations was setup in San Francisco one of the first things the Russians wanted to do was bring in each one of these republics as a separate country. As a. So there would be nineteen rather than one. As a vote. <SEP>. <SEP> And the United States said that mean we get to bring in forty-eight. And that sort of. They backed down on that. Died down on that. I thought it was interesting that recently here the Warsaw Pact no longer exists as a military force. But it's merely an economic now. <SEP> Wonder if that. At. What do you get shot by something that's called an economic force or what is called a military pact. <SEP> It's all. You can change the name of something. But I wonder if it's still exists. Although I've seen some evidence that the Russian soldiers are. You. The funny thing there is they're not particularly welcome back home because they're having housing shortages now. What do you do with all these troops that have been taken care of by Bulgaria and Czechoslovakia. And all the. <SEP> And now all of a sudden they're going home. And somebody's got to pay for their. That's what they're saying the whole problem with if we were to demilitarize Europe. What are we going to do with all the soldiers over there? That's not. What's going to happen to the economies that no longer have a million plus people in each country from the U S. <SEP>
sw3328.txt:They just raised our taxes up here about a year ago. They've statewide raises. They raise ours constantly. We just passed a new one. Fortunately or unfortunately it doesn't go into effect because we did not get the United Airlines. Indianapolis got that didn't they? <SEP> And we had passed a provisional one that if they did locate here we would raise our taxes. But at least we thought we'd get something back from that. How do you feel about taxes? It seems like a big politics game. Up here last year the governor was up for re-election. So he said the budget was fine. The state didn't have any money. And then right after he won the election he said we owed a lot of money. So they raised all our taxes. <SEP> And now it's election time again. So they're trying to lower them. So they're just talk about lowering them. But they never do. They just keep raising them. <SEP> I've never seen taxes really go down. Me neither. Actually they're going to here because they didn't have a budget for so long. So they raised the tax rate real high for the last three months of this year. And they're going to lower it for next year. I guess they figure they're going to make up for all they didn't get when they should have had a budget. <SEP> I hope they put that in writing. They say they're going to lower. But I'll see. I feel like the middle class people are supporting the nation and that the rich are not paying their share. And of course the poor can't afford it either. But I really feel like. And I feel like. I'm a middle class person income wise anyway. And I get tired of supporting the whole country. So do I. I'm middle class barely. But I don't think the rich are paying not enough. I think they're paying too much. <SEP> You think the rich are paying too much? If you're in the three percent bracket and they take a third of your check every month that's ridiculous. Why bother working? I don't know many rich that don't have enough tax breaks to. I'm talking about the really rich. They should just tax everybody the same amount no matter what you make. <SEP> That would be fair. I'll go along with that. <SEP> No loopholes or anything. Everybody pays ten percent or fifteen or whatever. I think that would be fair. <SEP> And I. No ifs ands and buts. No big elaborate laws that call for a lot of enforcement or a lot of review. It's just you make this you pay ten percent. If you make a hundred dollars you pay ten percent. If you make a million dollars you pay ten percent. That's the way our state tax is here. I think it's pretty fair. Our state taxes are somewhat based on the federal. <SEP> And they have not gotten it where the withholding is accurate. And you withhold no matter what you do. They withhold what they're supposed to and at the end of the year it's not enough. So you ought to be saving up some every month to make up for all what they should be taking out. <SEP> So now when you sign your W-Two whatever that is then they always say do you want a extra amount for state. Which is ridiculous. <SEP> But it's been that way for the last probably ten years. I guess you have to check yes. Or you come down to the end of the year. And you don't have it to give it to them. Unless you have a lot of deductions. <SEP> But if you have a lot of federal deduction it ends up hurting you state wise. And you end up owing. You may get nine hundred dollars back from federal. And you're going to owe fifteen hundred in state. <SEP> And it's just ridiculous. But I don't know. I've. They just came up with a twenty-five percent increase on personal property in Oklahoma county and that is a chunk. I'll say. I mean twenty-five percent increase. Y-. Is.
sw3174.txt:I work at T I. And we have of course started random drug testing here. And I haven't gotten called yet. But I feel that it's pretty good if they feel like there is a vast majority of the people at the company doing drugs. Do they feel that way? I think that they thought that there was a lot of drug usage here at T I. But I think our latest statistic said something like ninety-nine point nine eight percent were testing negative on all the testing. <SEP> I think it's a good idea just because I'm opposed to the drugs. <SEP> I think it can cause a lot of problems even though they think they can handle it. It's. I don't know. I don't really liken it to alcohol. But yet that can be carried to an extreme too. <SEP> So I think it's a good idea. And I think just the idea that you may be tested might keep you off of them or get you off of them because you're. I don't know that their job would be at risk. Because I think they may put them into some sort of a program to get them off of drugs. <SEP> I would think that. Is that how they do it at T I maybe. That. I. At T I if you get called in and you test positive for drugs then you're put on a program. And you go through the program. And then you're called six months after you complete the program. And if you test positive then you're terminated. <SEP> I guess I draw a hard line. But I'm in favor of that type of thing. That you have people out there that are responsible for certain things. <SEP> And you expect them to do their job. And it is possible that they can't do as good a job as they might do. That's right. And of course they can also cause injury to other people. <SEP> If they're not fully functional mentally while they're doing their job. They could cause serious injury to another people. And you never know. <SEP> They could just go off the deep end on something whatever they're taking at the time. <SEP> And it would be out of the question. <SEP> Also I guess you can get the wrong kind of stuff and kill yourself just by having a wrong mix of or watered down or whatever all kinds. That's right. <SEP> I sub in the schools. So I've had a. They talk a lot about drugs there. <SEP> And I think it's good that they're trying to start some programs down in the elementary schools. <SEP> But I think they can test all they want for drugs. And if they need to do that as a condition for employment. And I know many of them are doing it. I know my son has had to do it for both Sam's and Wal-Mart. <SEP> And I don't know how many others are doing that. And I think that's good because so many of the kids that are on them are sort of bums that they need to get their life straightened up at an early age. <SEP> That's right. And I don't know. It's just a problem that no one is sure just how to handle I think. <SEP> I think personally I'm for it. There's several reason why I could think of right now why we shouldn't have it such as drug testing runs approximately a thousand dollars a person every time you do it. And. <SEP> It's that high? And. It's very expensive. And. <SEP> I didn't realize it was that expensive. It's not like a normal urinalysis. <SEP> It's very expensive to run them. And I didn't get a raise this year. Because nobody in our company got a raise. But yet they spend all the money on drug testing. <SEP> Just lucky to have jobs. And if they weren't spending all the money on drug testing people could have got a raise. So there's different. I think that's more of a personal view of mine other than a we should have drug testing because there's really a problem. And I know that. But then I have other views to it. <SEP> I didn't think it was that expensive because my son was in probably a week and a half period. And Sam's and Wal-Mart are owned by the same people. <SEP> He took one for Wal-Mart for job hiring. And then Sam's called him. And he took another one. <SEP> And I don't know why they both made him do that since it was so close together. I can see if. Because if it's a thousand dollars that's a thousand dollars they wasted. Theirs might not run a thousand dollars. Our. From what I understanding here at T I they run close to a thousand dollars an employee. <SEP> Maybe they run. I don't know. That's just guessing it. Maybe they run a lot of other tests. Or maybe it's under a health type program that it would catch a lot of things. <SEP> I just can't imagine them screening all these employees paying a thousand dollars to get them. But. For all the pub-. It's.
sw2061.txt:. How you doing? <SEP> Not bad. Not bad. What's your name? Fernando. Fernando. My name is Nick. Wait. Let me turn off my stereo here. <SEP> Because I've been waiting for about ten minutes to get connected to somebody. <SEP> I'm. What time is it over th-. Are you in Dallas? I'm in Detroit. Or not Detroit. I'm in California. Are you? <SEP> I. Because every time I got through I went to Dallas Texas. I'm in North Carolina. <SEP> You're on the. Let's see. On the other coast. Twenty-one. It's midnight almost? What? It's. I'm watching SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE here. <SEP>. I guess we're supposed to talk. What about. Credit card? Wait. How did you get to know about the T I thing? One of my instructors said that they were doing something like this. And. What are you working on? <SEP> A Masters in information systems. I'm doing my Masters in computer science and computer engineering. Where at? At North Carolina State University. <SEP> How do you like it out there? I don't. Because I come from a bigger city than this one. And I'm in Raleigh. And. <SEP> Raleigh Durham. That area. And it's really small. All you have is towns built around universities. Like Chapel Hill? <SEP> So it's basically a bunch of small towns anyway. Kind of quaint little towns. But they don't have a whole lot there. Where you at? <SEP> I'm in Monterey California right now. It's like this town probably has two hundred and fifty thousand people. And that's about it. Two hundred fifty? <SEP> It's a lot bigger than Monterey is. But we're just south of San Jose and San Francisco. And it's only a hour away to a large city. Where do you go? Do you go to Berkeley? <SEP> It's the naval postgraduate school out here. Because I was looking at the doctorate degree in computer science center at Berkeley. <SEP> And they're asking for a G P A of three point seven or something like that. And they're looking for G R E like ninety-nine percentile and this and that. <SEP> And it's like. That's what they look for. Whether or not they get it is hard to say. I know. That's why I didn't apply. For me it was practically impossible to get between ninety and ninety-nine percentile on the verbal part. <SEP> <SEP> It's pretty tough. It's pretty tough. I. Let's face it. And I did the. As far as. I found it a lot of times with regards to education the school only takes you so far. It's what you do. So I don't lose any sleep over stuff like that. Are you going to go for your Doctorate? <SEP> Probably not. I'm in the Navy. And most of the Navy funds that I probably won't do it until I. If I do do it it will be after I get out of the Navy. When do you get out? <SEP> Probably be another twelve years. I like what I'm doing right now. But what if they pay for it? <SEP> Excuse me? What if they pay for? If they pay for a P H D? <SEP> They won't pay for it. I think they have maybe two people a year go get their P H D. Because I know a couple of people here that work for the Army. They civilians or military? I think they're military. But the guy is still in. <SEP>. And he works over in Maryland. <SEP> And so he's doing his Masters here. They gave him a scholarship for a year. And he's doing it in a year and a summer. <SEP> And so he's getting that. And they said they got a lot of benefits and that. That's why you want to join. <SEP> But this guy. You can earn a lot more money. So you say. I go why you still there if you can earn a lot more money once you've get your Masters. They go they got a lot of benefits that would go with it. So. <SEP> A lot of times it's not the money that keeps people in. They like what they're doing. They feel good about what they're doing. That type of thing. It's more. But you. The. Once you get your Masters you can be earning anywhere between thirty-seven forty-five thousand a year. <SEP> And that's not what they're paying. Easily. I'm sure. <SEP> It depends on what rank you are of course. I know. Like I say if you're at an upper level in the rank category you're probably pulling down close to seventy grand a year. But that's. <SEP> Those are few and far between though. It's in I B M. In I B M you can get certain points. <SEP> And everyone's a manager. But nobody can get one more point to become whatever you need to earn so much money. Since I imagine it's fairly competitive. It's. I B M is. There's a joke about I B M which says it's. All the major companies get into a boating race. <SEP> And so I B M says we have to have a team. And then they come in last. And they have this whole team analyze why they came in last. Because the person asked for it. <SEP> Saying. He goes the problem was that there were five people saying row row row and one person rowing. So he goes have you come up with a solution? They go yeah. Change the rower. It's like everyone's a manager. <SEP> But it's like one person does the work. So. <SEP> Too many chiefs and not enough Indians. So. I don't know. That can really slow you down. That's the way it works. That's why they're having problems. Everyone's a manager. And. <SEP> I didn't realize that. It's like the people that actually do the work there are very few. And then the other people just plan it. It's like have you ever seen the commercial for Federal Express with the think tank. <SEP> Push paper around. All these people are just sitting around just going what shall we do? Has anybody thought of anything? <SEP> And then this guy from Federal Express comes along. They go what's that? This track which it's going around the world. And they can tell you where your package is anywhere any time. And so it's the same thing with I B M. So they have this think tank. And they got to come up with ideas. But the thing is that I B M is so stabilized that everybody will buy their stuff. <SEP>. They've got basically a lock on a lot of the market. And a lot of times you figure with the support that they provide. People generally go with that because they figure that you probably won't get fired for getting I B M material. Whereas if you try something different they'll say yeah. And it fails. And you're dead. <SEP> Why didn't you try something more mainline. I B M doesn't fire anybody. Because what they do is they put you in a different job. Which you actually are sitting around not doing anything. <SEP> So you quit. That's their policy. They never fire anybody unless you're caught doing something illegally. <SEP> Illegal or something like that. If you're stealing something or doing anything like that. But they won't let you off. What they'll do is. Suppose you're a manager. So they'll put you into keeping up the paper. <SEP> It's how much paper is going in? And then you say that's not my job. So you quit. <SEP> So in other words that's the way they force people out. That's why they can say there's no layoff policy. <SEP> But they don't really say that. You're always going to have great career conditions. That's kind of sad. But it's like they have just different policy. I don't know. My dad works for them. But it's like in their commercials they never put down any other company. It's like they won't say. <SEP> They're the standard right now. Or as far as that goes people think of computers they think of I B M a lot of times. And the main. Because what happens is they have a good backup policy. <SEP> And anybody can fix it. And so that's what you're going to go for. <SEP> That's a big thing. And it's for example like Leading Edge. Have you ever heard of Leading Edge? They are out of Korea. What? <SEP> Leading Edge. Don't they pro-. They made small personal computers. Small P C -s. They're out of Korea. I don't know. I don't know. But what they did is buy all the parts that I B M would throw away. And build an I B M P C with all the parts that I B M would throw away. <SEP>. <SEP> For example you test a chip. It can't last seven years. But it can last five. I B M says let's throw it away. Leading Edge will say we'll buy it from you. And so that's. They're still around I think. <SEP> I've seen them around anyway. So that's what they do. They buy all the things that I B M throws away. And that's why they're so compatible. Because. And by the time you have computer for five years you're going to throw it away anyway. <SEP> Most people do. Or they have to anyway. There's. In a way you realize. One of my teachers got this computer which. It's voice synthesizing stuff. And he got that. He said it's like. I was testing it. And it was wonderful. And then when you tried to erase and correct all the errors in your voice it takes up all your memory. <SEP> And I want more. And it's Jesus Christ. It's why do you want more. Because it's one second of recording. You put into Wave. And you want to correct the errors into Wave. It takes so much. It's like. Of course it does. By the times it transforms into Wave by mark off model. And you put it in there. And you want to correct those. And then you're trying to make the Wave smooth. So you can approximately. Of course it's going to take a lot. Imagine what it is for us to make mark off models. <SEP> It's amazing. It's Jesus Christ. When you get right down to it the more they can do for you the more memory they're going to require. <SEP> Both in terms in Ram as well as standard memory or disk base. So. Like they say nobody can get enough. It's like once you have something. And it's like. <SEP> You find out more. I was watching this program on T V yesterday. In nineteen seventy-six NASA came up with Three D graphics. <SEP> And they were showing this Three D graphics view of. Like the deal? What? <SEP> Like a hologram? This is like video game stuff. With just graphics on a. <SEP> But the only thing was that it was just lines. If you.
sw2784.txt:I pay a good deal of taxes because I make a fair amount of money. And the taxes that I pay as a general statement I feel I get my money's worth for. I'm not sure though whether I feel. I guess I am sure that I feel that in general though the allocation of the taxes in certain areas isn't correct. <SEP> I'm sure that probably every person in this country would agree with you on that. Because everybody has a different idea of where the money should go. I. Lately or at least for the last twenty years or so I've felt that the expenditures of our taxes into high cost defense items at least in the last ten years have been. There's been and extraordinary amount of money spent there. And I'm not really sure that we've gotten our money's worth there regardless of the outcome of the Desert Shield situations. <SEP>. I guess my particular beef is that having participated in the military off and on over the years of being called back and things of that nature I've found that there's an extraordinary amount of waste. I take that as a given in any military operation. And. <SEP> No argument here. And I gue-. I should imagine that what the problem. Why I'm a little concerned about today is that this rather quick victory in the Mideast over the Iraqis might lead us into a false sense of security that we can do that against any other foe. I don't know what other foe that would be. But I'm just getting nervous again now hearing the voices come up that there has to be increased expenditures in that area. Of course a lot of missiles and things were expended in the course of fighting the war. And the inventory's going to have to be restocked on. I work for T I. And one of the things we were told is they had eleven thousand HARM missiles which T I is the sole supplier for. And they used up two thousand of them in the war. So they're going to have to do another contract to restock that to get ready in case something else is needed. But it. Would that be. Let's see. Two thousand out of eleven thousand that's about a little over twenty per cent. I should imagine that that would be to keep it at those levels that were originally appropriated when the Soviet threat was perceived as being a greater one. I don't think there's very much of a threat there today. I do worry about what nuclear weapons are left in their territory over there and who's controlling them. But. <SEP> That's true. That's true. I don't know what amount of our hardware would stop some fanatic from doing anything that would be irrational. Of course now we used up twenty per cent of that inventory in a matter of just a few weeks. <SEP> And T I also makes the missile which was the T V laser guided bombs. <SEP> And a big percentage of that was expended as well. That was just a matter of. What is the name of that? It's called Paveway. <SEP> And a big percentage of that was used up during that conflict also. So those are two areas in which T I stands to gain some short term business to restock that. What I'm. Concerned about. Talking about the taxes in general and that was an area that I perceive as not being the best expenditure for the amount of dollar that we're taxed for in the area of defense. Or perhaps we have paid too much there. I don't know. It just seems to me that over the years now the. And it's a cliche. I. But I see it myself. I see where the infrastructure is sort of breaking down the roads the highways. No doubt. I don't know. I'm familiar with some upbeat school areas. So I don't totally agree with the great expenditure of effort and time there. But I guess overall because I guess I'm not associated with what ghetto schools and rural school systems are like I should imagine that would take an enormous expenditure. <SEP> As a matter of fact in Texas we've had our school funding system declared unconstitutional by a state judge. And they. And the legislature just passed what they called a Robin Hood Bill which. Basically what it does is it takes extra money from the more affluent school districts that come from local taxes and send them to other parts of the state that are not so affluent. They don't have a broad based income tax that funds the educational system. <SEP> Or is it all funded out of local taxes? To give you some perspective this town that I had lived in for sometime in nineteen eighty-three was funded sixty-five per cent by state funds. <SEP> Then we had a number of education reforms that the legislature said we got to do this we got to do this we got to do this. But they forgot to put in the state budget the money to pay for it. And they dumped it all on the local school districts. So. Sounds like the way the federal and state system works now. <SEP> So what ended up happening was a shift. We went to sixty-five per cent state funding to sixty-five per cent local funding in a matter of four years. And. Do you mean a complete reversal? Because they can't raise that money in those poorer districts. Complete. It's all shifted to local districts. And now even the money that's been raised for the local districts is going to be siphoned off and sent to other parts of the state. <SEP> That's right. And I have no problem with a certain minimum level that's a standard that everybody ought to be able to have. But I am opposed to any attempts to restrict local communities from taxing themselves above that to provide above the minimum. I see what you're saying. I guess I am a strong and staunch supporter of some subsidy for any forms of education. By that I mean I'm a product myself. I have a background of getting my college education through the G I Bill. <SEP> So did I. My Masters anyway. What. But when I look at it to me it doesn't really make any difference. It was a marvelous opportunity that I couldn't have done. I don't think I would have gone on unless I had that financial easement made possible. <SEP> That's right. And I don't really care what it takes to qualify whether you're a veteran or whether you. I don't even know if you have to perform community service. Or unless you promise to even do something in the future I think that the subsidy itself. Or I guess the enactment of that form of legislation would give many people who I think I perceive the fact. At least what I read is that some younger people feel that education is priced out of their budget. I know in the state of Florida just today the legislature adjourned. And they had completed a fifteen per cent increase in the state land grant colleges which isn't. To me it doesn't sound like a lot of money. But I guess it would be for fifteen hundred dollars a year. <SEP> They went from eleven to fifteen hundred. And for an out of state student the tuition went up twenty-five per cent. I don't know what that would be. <SEP> They had to raise community college taxes here a few years ago. But I guess that goes along with the general idea that the federal government was expending so much money on defense that the program now is. Fees that fund these things I guess that's trickled down to the states. And the states now don't have enough money. So they must charge fees. I'm not too sure of that reasoning. <SEP> But I guess I don't know whether I pay too much taxes. I travel extensively in Europe and see enormous. People pay a great deal in taxes. They tell me when I sit and talk to people. There they tell me they. Some states they pay. In Germany or in England in some cases people in my income level at least allege that they pay up to fifty-five percent of their gross income in taxes. I can believe that. But I'm not too sure when I put my property tax in my car tax my income tax and these myriad of. It costs me money to leave the country some sort of a tax to leave the country some sort of an airport departure tax a sales tax which is getting to quite high levels. <SEP> I'm not sure that I'm not up fairly close to that. I guarantee you you'd be paying a lot more in taxes if the Democrats had more say. You really think so? <SEP> I really do. But what's happened here is. I feel that in the last ten years my taxes have gone up. They haven't gone down. I pay quite a bit more taxes. And. <SEP> Everybody is. But that's been a Republican government for the last ten years. What they've been able to do is slow down the rate of increase. To keep it from becoming even more obnoxious. I. <SEP> This has been really interesting. And I've enjoyed our talk. I guess I just push something here. Push one again. <SEP> We just say. And that's it. Just hang up. Don good talking with you. Nice talking with you too. <SEP>
sw2634.txt:I'm pretty pro gun control over all. I've had a lot of arguments with people about the issue of gun control. And I must say that there are a couple of arguments against strong gun control which I find very compelling although most the people who argue gun control with me I find use sort of canned arguments sort of the N R A slogan arguments. And I've been very frustrated when I do debate with people about it. I guess on a scale of one of ten I'm probably around a two in terms of fair restricting guns. And I have to admit most of that is strong personal distaste. I don't like the idea of people being able to kill me with very little effort. And guns are very symbolic of them having that power over me. Me being from Texas. <SEP> I hope you're ready for this. I'll give it a try. I've got my Texan stereotypes in place. I'm not your stereotypical Texan. I was raised around guns hunting. <SEP> So I don't have a fear of fire arms in any respect. I respect them and what their capabilities are. <SEP> And on top of that spending a good portion of my earlier years in the military as a Green Beret I definitely respect the power of weaponry. It's pretty power isn't it? And here in Houston as well as just about any big city anywhere across this country. And here you go. Here you. This will be border line N R A which I am not a member of. <SEP> You've heard the slogan if you outlaw guns then only out laws will have guns. That applies to anything as well as guns. A gun. You've got. Any of the big cities you've got the different rival gangs. And they're having their little turf wars over their little drug kingdoms and such. <SEP> And they get out their little Mac tens. They get out their little uzis. And they're going to fight with them. And it doesn't matter what restrictions you put on that type of weapon or a class three firearm. If they want it they'll get it. I don't care if they've got to go down into New Mexico to get it. They'll get it. And they'll get across the border. My position although I have absolutely no use for a fully automatic weapon anyway. Since I am a law-abiding citizen and I have never had a felony if I wanted to buy one I don't think there should be that big of a restriction on it. If they want to run a background check on me. If they want to put a seven day waiting period again. <SEP> If they want me to present a letter from my county sheriff saying that I've got his permission to have an automatic weapon in his county that's fine too. What I don't gets dangerous in terms of civil liberties because pretty soon it wouldn't. You don't want to have someone making a personal trust in that way I would hope. Because someone. The personal sheriff doesn't get to have a gun. And someone the personal sheriff. <SEP> The criteria the sheriff would have to follow is this guy a convicted felon? Is he a habitual trouble maker? Are we picking him up every Saturday for a drunk and disorderly. And if he had an automatic weapon could he really be raising some problems. Just proving that you're basically a good citizen. But if you're not a basically good citizen. You just told me that you're going to get one of those guns anyway. <SEP> If they want the firepower they can get it. So why hav-. Because it doesn't matter how restrictive your border control points are. They'll get it across the border one way or the other. So why have any restrictions at all? <SEP> Let-. Go back to that one to ten scale where one being full gun control ten being none. <SEP>. <SEP> I'd said about an eight. We could be. I said the restrictions I would like to see for anybody whether it being for handgun a rifle a shotgun. I would like to see them go through either. I'd like to see a law enforcement agency not N R A. But whether it be your state police or your county police for you to be able purchase a handgun. You got to go through their course and get certified that you know how to properly handle the weapon how to safely handle the weapon how to properly maintain it the three basics. That makes a lot of since to me. I certainly feel that we may disagree on when someone should own a fire arm. But I certainly agree that if someone owns a fire arm that have as much responsibility to know how do use it safely as someone learns how to drive if not more so. <SEP> In the hands of the wrong person the car can be just as deadly as the weapon as a pistol. I have a bicycle. And that scares me too to tell you the truth because I've been run off the road and all sorts of things. I'm still puzzled though what is the argument. How does the argument work if the bad guys are going to have guns anyway. What's the point of putting a restrictio-. Basically the restrictions are just to penalize the good guys because the bad guys are going to get the guns anyway. They're not going to take those courses. Is it a way of raising the prices of illegal guns? <SEP> There's. If it's not going to cut the supply of illegal guns it must going to at least raise the prices. Does that mean advantage? Not necessarily a price thing. What is happening at least in this state. Legislation been introduced that if a citizen of the state being myself has not committed a felony and has completed a certified weapons course I can carry a weapon on me at all times concealed or unconcealed. <SEP>. You're from California? <SEP> L A area? Bay area. San Francisco Bay area. <SEP> You've been to the city? And all these people come around. Someone attempts to mug me I would ju-. I would. As it stands now if he pulls a blade on me we're equally matched because I can meet him blade for blade. <SEP> If this legislation comes through. He pull-. I'm out with my family. We've gone shopping. We're fixing to get in the car. This guy comes up. He pulls a blade on me. I can pull a gun on him now. And when you're looking down the barrel of a hand cannon things change real quick. What if you're looking down the barrel of a hand cannon? <SEP> Then it's still equally matched. Having spent time in combat I feel it before they'll get the gun on me. I. <SEP> If I'm at the same time. I'm sure. <SEP> I'm sure given all your training I'm sure that you'd. If I walk into a bad neighborhood I'm sure I'd want to walk through with you because I'm sure you have far above the average instinct for how to use guns and how to use them effectively and everything. I'm quite concerned that if you let everyone. Hasn't yet committed a felony. If you let them all walk around carrying guns. In this sort of wild west scenario you're going to get an awful lot of people shooting guns pretty quickly just given human nature. You're going to start getting a lot of gunfire. It's hard for me to imagine that. If everyone walking around carrying a guns you're not going to have an increase in gunfire. <SEP> Actually it's no-. It's more of a police action in itself. The fact that everybody is packing a piece is a deterrence for someone saying I'm going to mug this guy right here. But he's carrying just as much firepower as I can. And if you got to go through a certification course to get to where you can carry it in public then this individual also knows this guy's pretty good with it. Whether this person is made the moral decision whether he can take another human life or not that's another trip. <SEP> But. <SEP> In defense of myself defense of my family or defense of my friends I can blow somebody a way in a heart beat. Even more so when it comes to my wife and son. <SEP> Anybody tries to hurt them I won't even blink. I know. I understand that. What if you think someone's trying to hurt them and you make a mistake? <SEP> This is where the question of gun control comes in. That was the topic. What I consider gun control is being able to hit my target with the first shot. <SEP> Say a person get. All of a sudden my combat in me goes up. And say I've got the vibes this guy's fixing to do something. I go ahead and pull my piece. <SEP> And I make sure this persons sees it so that he's got now doubt that I will use it on him. And I will use it right then. If he doesn't back up at that point he deserves what he gets because I have sent the clearest signal you mess with me you mess with my family I'm going to dust you. As it stands now I've got to do that with a blade. And the only reason I feel comfortable doing that is because of the training I've had. As someone who would possibly be in the role of an independent bystander I feel more comfortable with people having blades because you're not going to get bullets flying around killing people instantly. And. <SEP> If I'm the one doing the shooting I don't miss. That's the kind of training I've had.
sw3411.txt:What kind of car would you like to buy next? I guess Cadillac. I guess that's kind of everybody's dream. Why would that be? <SEP> I guess it's a General Motors product. And I like General Motors because they're made in the United States. And we've had General Motors for years and have always had real good luck with them. That's good. If you had no financial requirements if you could buy any car in the entire world no matter what it cost what would you buy? <SEP> I think I'd still go with the Cadillac. Do you? I don't care about a big fancy. Which type of Cadillac is your favorite? <SEP> I don't know. I guess the Seville or. The Seville. That's a sharp looking car. <SEP> That really is. It always has been though. They have been. It doesn't have the Coup de Ville or the Sedan de Ville squareness. It never really has. It's always had it's own unique look. <SEP> I've always liked that. I liked the. A couple years they had where the trunk head would look like belt buckles across the back of it. I thought that looks sharp. <SEP> That looks real sharp. I think the ones now with all of the fancy gold lettering and all I think they're very pretty. <SEP> And course a vinyl top I think those are pretty. And the. I've never ridden in one recently. But they're supposed to be just real smooth. Just a nice comfortable ride. <SEP> They are. And they're just always. They look like they're sturdy. They look like they're very sturdy. And you don't have to worry that much about getting hurt like you would in a small one. Now they've got a unique feature in them now. If you have a front end accident at such a rate of speed the engine will actually drop out of the car so that it doesn't go into the inside. It'll go underneath the car instead. <SEP> I didn't know that. So that's a big safety factor they've got in them now. And I suppose they all have the balloons. The air bags. <SEP> The air bags. That's great. That's great. You say you've always have preferred General Motors products. <SEP> I do. I go for things built in the United States rather than foreign countries. Help our economy. And. What kind of General Motors cars have you had in the past? <SEP> Mostly Oldsmobiles. Oldsmobiles. Those are real nice riding cars too. That's what we have now. But of course if I have a choice I'd still have the Cadillac. But I've been very satisfied with the Oldsmobiles. <SEP> We've driven them for about probably twenty years. Has that been the Cutlass or the Sierra? The Ninety-Eight. The Ninety-Eight. <SEP>. I don't think. Let's see. The Ninety-Eight. That's got that big V eight engine in it doesn't it? I don't know. The one we have has a six. Has a little V Six? <SEP>. But it's a very good car. It's not had one minute's problem with it. It. <SEP> And now I have twenty-three thousand miles on it. That's great. That's great. That's always nice to get reliability in a product. Especially when you're spending anywhere from fifteen to twenty-five thousand dollars for a single item. <SEP> You just don't want any hassles with it. You expect it to do its job. And I think a lot of car manufacturers don't take that into consideration. <SEP> That's true. They just expect you to buy their product. But that's been a key factor in me is how reliable is this car going to be. <SEP> Price is an issue. But it's not the most important issue. It really isn't because now you can get five year financing on them. And. <SEP> But I would go with the General Motors any time. I've always been a Ford man myself. <SEP> But that's all right. It's American made too which is good. <SEP>. But I've. Ever since I was growing up my dad's always had Fords. And I grew up in South Dakota. So everybody has a truck. <SEP> And my Ford trucks have just. I've just never had problems with them. I honestly think I would die before my truck would keel over on me. <SEP>. <SEP> I. Those are good products also. Let's see.
sw2672.txt:Start. What kind of recycling programs do you have in Rowlett? Th-. Right now they've got kind of a central location off of the main highway. And they've got some great big bins there for newspaper plastic three bins for glass white green and whatever other combination there is. <SEP> And I think they've got some kind of container for aluminum. Plano's doing real good on that. They start off putting out great big huge garbage cans. Which we're supposed to put all our week's garbage into it. <SEP> And of course it doesn't fit right now. But now we start in May breaking it down. And they're picking it all up. <SEP> So they're going to by. And we have to separate our papers and our glass. And then they have one day for everything you picked up from your yard. And we put that in disposable bags. And they pick that up on Monday. <SEP> So it's really great. I'm completely for it. I think it's marvelous. That's good. Rowlett had sent out a survey not too long ago in terms in how many people were interested in having a pick up on the days they do trash or something like that. And apparently a lot of people responded to it favorably because they're going to do it. I don't know how soon they're going to do it or how organized it's going to be. But they're supposed to initiate that sometime in the next couple of months. Does your. Where you work do they also have aluminum cans pickups and things like that? I've never noticed that. We don't have a whole lot because we're in a hospital setting. So most of the things we have are through our cafeteria. <SEP> Down in the cafeteria do they have any place where you can put your pop cans and things like that? There's only one pop machine. And it's not accessible to the cafeteria now. So mainly what they serve in there is juice and coffee and tea. So you don't have much choice there. Not really. <SEP> I work at J C Penny. And last week they brought. They have a sign up that says for one full week you bring in your old wire hangers. And they're going to recycle them. <SEP> So it's getting people clean out their closets and such. And then the week before that they said go through your cupboards and any food that is still good bring it in. And they brought it down to the shelters. And they have three that I know of for cans for people have pop. <SEP> And they put them right near where they have the time cards. And it works great. And they have one in the room where the snack machines are too. That's good. <SEP> So they're really going at it. And I think it's marvelous because. I guess Rowlett's done a lot for the size town it is. And I think they're trying to make some changes. I noticed at the library or someplace this past month month and a half ago they were having a speaker talk about doing lawn work and how important it is to cut your lawn without a bag. Just to kind of mulch it rather than bag it up because of all the grass that's being bagged and being hauled away by the garbage trucks and stuff. <SEP> And it's a lot more ecological to just mow the grass and let it work its way back into the soil. Did you watch the program the other night on SAVE AMERICA? I saw part of that. <SEP> It was good. The only thing I thought that I haven't been trying is when I go to take a shower to save the water and to put it on my plants. Which I had never thought about before. <SEP> But I've already gone to. I started years ago I guess not years ago. But. I would say five years ago turning off my water faucet in the sink when I brush my teeth. But I didn't realize that was the biggest waste of water. <SEP> That was surprising to me. I missed that question totally really bad. I'm trying to think. I didn't miss too many. I can't remember what my score was. But I did exceeding well. I was surprised. But I didn't realize that our garbage isn't being decomposed. That was a shocker to me. There are a lot of things that aren't. I'm. That's one of the things I wonder about. One of the questions was do you think more should be done or something else. I wonder about some of the products that they don't take like some of the plastics and things that they don't take. Why they couldn't do more recycling with those. <SEP> I was in Bizmart the other day. And what I don't understand is there is recycled paper in there. And it cost more than regular paper. And it was only forty cents more fifty cents more. But It upset me to realize that they're going through the expense of recycling. <SEP> But people aren't buying it. So the cost of it is higher. I noticed that about things like. I seen a lot of adds recently for organic fertilizers and lawn additives and that type of thing. But the cost is double or sometimes triple the regular fertilizers and things you buy. So in terms of that. It's. And for the environment there's a good reason to do it. But the cost is kind of prohibitive. <SEP> That's recycling. Companies that do at least go into it. I'd like to see subsidy by the government or something or tax-wise or something heavily enough to where they could get their prices lower than regular. So that people would use this stuff over again. It's a good idea. <SEP> It's like when he was saying which one was recyclable which was reusable. And the recycle ones are better to use. But lots of times you don't even see the signs on the bottles. <SEP> And if we're going to really do something they ought to put that stuff out bigger for people to see it. I had to put my bifocals on to see it. That's hard when you're in a grocery store and you're short anyway. <SEP> You have to get enough nerve to ask somebody to take something off the top shelf. You haven't got enough nerve to say put it back. It's not recyclable. I'd heard something stranger. Talk about bottles the other day on the radio station. They were talking about the. I think it's in Canada they're using recyclable milk jugs plastic milk jugs as a reinforcement for roads. For road repairs. <SEP> And apparently they don't break down very easily. And they don't expand or contract when the weather changes. And this is kind of an unusual use for that type of thing. <SEP> They're. Along that same line they said they were using. What is I know. It was toilets. The old ones? Smashing them up because that stuff there is great in road work. <SEP> And I thought that's good. And then I saw recycling on tires between. Hoses were being used and soaker hoses made out of old tires. <SEP> What else. Something else was made out of old tires. I was trying to remember what it was. I can't think of it now. But I was trying to get my kids to see different things that we could come up with for recycling purposes. And just anything to recycle rather than keep throwing it away. But my biggest problem is I take the bags out of the store buy the bags to bring the back. And then I forget to bring them in the store. <SEP> I'm forever going back out to my car to pick up my bags to bring them and take my garbage back out. I wish they'd really push this recycling bit because I really didn't realize how much stuff I actually throw away. I think the more people are aware of it the more they'll do. I think that's just the biggest problem is keeping it in front of the public so they understand how serious the problem is and how important it is to do that. You know what I'd like to see a little more. I don't have any little tiny kids. <SEP> But if they get the little tiny kids saving it now in five years when they get bigger it'll work a little bit more too. <SEP> Because it's. We've all got to do it right now. I just. I really amazed to find out that eighty per cent are filled now in garbage fills. In five years we're supposed to be at max. I don't think I can keep my own garbage. I might not have that much. But I wouldn't.
sw3768.txt:What kind of vacations do you like to take? We've been fortunate enough to take a couple of trips over to Europe. So I guess those are the types I like. <SEP> We've really enjoyed them. Where have you gone there? <SEP> We've gone to Germany Switzerland Austria Ireland and England. We've been to Germany twice. <SEP> But I guess my favorite is probably Switzerland and Ireland. I've been over there too. Where have you been? I even. Let's see. Mostly Germany and France. <SEP> I lived in France for a year and a half. So I was able. How neat. But once when I had a chance in France to go on vacation instead of travelling around France I went to Germany. <SEP> Because I've got relatives there. And I just like it there. That's neat. <SEP> But Austria I found really pretty and Switzerland. And I lived in the Alps in France. So anything in the mountains over there I just love. <SEP> How neat. Then I finally made it to England too on my way home. I lived in Africa actually. And on my way home from there. <SEP> You lived in Africa? <SEP> And unless you fly from Nairobi you have to fly through Europe on your way home. So I went to England. And I really liked it there too. <SEP> It's so expensive over there. I know. It's true. That's the one thing. <SEP> It really is. It's. I love to go over there. But it's so darn expensive to go over. Actually now you can get some really good deals flying over. But it's. <SEP> Once you're there you still have to spend money. Unless you know people. I know. Just. <SEP> Then you can stay with them. And. That helps a lot. <SEP> But. There's a lot of places in the states that we haven't even gone. <SEP> I'd like to go to Hawaii some time. And we made it. We've at least gone to the Grand Canyon and Niagara Falls. So. <SEP> Feel like we've accomplished a little bit here. I haven't. I've. Most of my vacationing in the U S has been on the West Coast. Or this summer I went to Colorado. <SEP> And I'd love to go to the East Coast during the Fall. The. It's. I've always wanted to go there. I've seen pictures. And it looks gorgeous. <SEP> We made a trip up the East Coast. It was in the summer. And it really is pretty. <SEP> It's. Both coasts are really pretty. But I love the Carolinas. It's just gorgeous over there. I haven't been anywhere on the East Coast. <SEP> I think Tennessee has been the furthest east I've been. <SEP> You'll just have to plan a vacation some time and go over there. I guess so. But there's a lot to see here. <SEP> But I just love going over to Europe because their way of life is just so different than ours. We're so fast paced here. And over there every time we'd go and eat dinner or lunch or whatever we'd always have to ask for the check. <SEP> They're so leisurely over there. <SEP> And it's kind of nice to have that. So the type of vacation you'd like. Would you go over and spend a lot of time in one place or travel to whole bunch of different places in one week? Usually a bunch of different places. Probably because you want to see everything. <SEP> See as much as you can while you're there. I know. <SEP>. How did you like Africa? I liked it. I was working in Cameroon Africa. <SEP> And it's not a place for tourists. They're not used to having tourists there. So it's. You're kind of roughing it. But I liked it. I liked it. <SEP> The people there are just very friendly. And. What type of work? I was working with an organization that does Bible translation. <SEP> So I was doing linguistic work actually travelling around finding out about languages and what they call survey work. <SEP> Find out where the languages are. So I travelled a lot around the country and met a lot of people. <SEP>. That's neat. I enjoyed it. So. <SEP> I've talked to people who have been to Africa. And they. And then of course when that movie OUT OF AFRICA came out. But I've always thought it would be neat to go on a safari over there. My cousin came over while I was there. And she came to Cameroon. And then she went over to Nairobi and took a safari around close to Nairobi in Kenya. <SEP> How neat. So she'd always dreamed of doing that too. <SEP> That's great. So. So is there any place you would try to talk me into going to? It sounds like we've been to some of the same places. <SEP> It does.
sw2609.txt:Do you think. I wonder. The assumption is that it is a problem. And I've never actually had too many people explain to me why it's a problem though I have the same instinctual feeling that it's a problem. But it's not clear to me that it is. It's a problem if those voting don't represent the population demographically or in terms of their opinions. But if those who don't vote if you made them vote. And it those who don't vote would have voted exactly the same way in other words if forty percent had voted for that person and sixty percent for the other just like everyone who did vote it's not clear to me that it is really a problem. <SEP> That's interesting. Because I had thought. I feel that it's a problem also. But I see your point on that. I assume that those who don't vote. If you look at the break down of those who don't vote they tend to be. Poor blacks for example vote very little and things like that. And I assume that they would vote differently if they were voting than your average voter. But I don't know if that's the case. In fact I've heard of studies that suggest that that isn't. <SEP> Apparently they don't think it's a problem. I guess not. I vote religiously. I really do. I guess I'm a fan of democracy. And wish I could vote on more things frankly. That's right. But it's funny because here in California things are getting increasingly democratically oriented in the sense of people being able to vote for things. We have these state initiatives now. <SEP> The first really popular wide spread one was Proposition Thirteen which was a tax revolt against property taxes. I r-. And now we're. And that was whatever ten years ago. And now we're up to Proposition a Hundred and fifty or something like that. We've just. There were apparently voters who just threw up their hands after the last voters pamphlet because they were being asked to make decisions on topics that would have three different competing proposals. And you had to vote for yes or no on each of them. And no one could make heads or tails out of some of them. And it was incredibly complicated and difficult. And a lot of people revolted against that. They said we don't want to have to decide all these things. <SEP> That's why we hire people to make these decisions for us. I kind of feel the opposite though. <SEP> I wish we were given an opportunity to vote on more things. I do t-. I think our elected officials say they are speaking for us. But they're not speaking for me. I wouldn't mind having more votes than I get to have frankly. <SEP> That's true. Anyone who doesn't vote it's fine with me as long as I can have their vote. That would make me happy though. Maybe not in a deep philosophical sense but in a selfish sense it probably would. I don't know. It's interesting some countries voting is obligatory. <SEP> It is in Australia for example. Is that true? <SEP> I didn't know that. I was think-. That is one solution to it. I don't know how I feel about that. But I don't. That's not really democratic. Not what I'd consider truly democratic. Australia considers itself every bit as much a democracy as the United States. <SEP> As. And it's not for me to say that they're not. They feel. Here you have the right to vote. And they simply define it as a duty there. Just as we have a duty to pay taxes. Is that democratic? We don't have the right to pay taxes in this country. We have the duty to pay taxes. <SEP> It's a duty. And in that country it's a duty to pay taxes. And it's a duty to vote on how those taxes are spent. And it's not clear to me that that's so much less democratic. I don't know. But part of me rebels against that. <SEP> It's complex question when you start thinking about it isn't it. But then I'm an American. And some people don't vote. There is. Like three or four percent of Australians don't vote. And I think they're eligible for a fine. I don't know if they actually are fined or what happens. But you're eligible for some sort of fine if you don't vote. <SEP> That's interesting. I have people here that I know that have never registered to vote. And I think they feel they can criticize if they don't. I was sort of s-. <SEP> I told them if they don't vote they don't have the right to criticize. I. That's how I feel. If you vote and your guy looses you least tried. And you can say something. But if you don't vote part of me feels like if you didn't vote you get what's coming to you. That's right. I feel th-. And certainly that's true in the overall. No one individual that's true for but for the population as a whole. I sort of feel that way. Especially when they don't vote for someone because they don't like any of them and then the person gets in and they don't like him and he turns out to have been worse than her that they might have voted for or something like that. And I say voting for the lesser of two evils is still important. <SEP> I think it is too. Sometimes it is a difficult choice. You don't feel as though you have much of a choice. But. It's funny because technically you do. You have the right to do a write in candidate. But of course that's not really a vote. It doesn't really gain anything. It really doesn't. And so it's a complicated situation. But I would like to see. I don't know. I'm thinking of actually moving to Australia. And perhaps I'll call you back and let you know how the Australian system works. <SEP> Is that goin-. I'm not thinking of moving there because of the voting but just because of a job opportunity. <SEP> Not be-. I see. And I. <SEP> Are you a T I employee I'm interested. I'm not. Not. I just wondered. So I'm really quite curious how that would work to have both. And I believe in a certain. Soviet bloc countries you are obliged to vote too. In fact it was even pretty much spelled out who you did vote for up until fairly recently. And that's what I think of when I think of you're obliged to vote. But when you actually really are given as much choice as you are in this country with its two party system. I don't know. I kind of. Part of me is wary. And part of me likes the idea of having it be more of a duty. <SEP> Maybe they should. Perhaps that would be a solution if they were required to vote at least for their first three or four years after they become of voting age. Required to register and vote for four years. And perhaps they would be indoctrinated that this is their duty. That's a thought. Or certain privileges come from voting which aren't that important but are nice to have. I don't know. The right to write your. <SEP> Maybe it should go with a driver's license. That's an example of a right not a. Actually. That's considered a privilege not a right. That is a privilege. Tha-. But technically most people. Technically it's a privilege. But most people think of it as a right. In other words if the government denies you a driver's license people get very upset. But actually it's a privilege which is allowed to be revoked. <SEP> It is. That's correct. And fortunately voting isn't that. <SEP> Maybe it should be. Except if you're a felon. If you're a felon it is taken away from you. They will take away your right to vote under certain circumstances. <SEP> That's right. So. So we don't have a great solution yet do we. Don't have a great. I think I checked that as a question I'd be willing to discuss too. But I don't know if you've read any of. The early republic documents when they were arguing through constitutional law written by Hamilton and all those people. <SEP> I haven't. I think it was Hamilton who wrote number ten or something where he was arguing for a republican not in the sense of the Republican party now versus a democratic government and arguing successfully why the United States should be a republic not a democracy. Which indeed it really is a republic not a democracy. Where he defines democracy as everyone votes for the issues and republic is people who vote for someone who then in turn votes for the issues. In other words you vote for representatives. <SEP> And the whole idea was presumably those who get voted in would be wiser than the average person and a specialist and able to make more informed decisions and can protect against the tyranny of democracy. Because just as you can have a tyranny of a single bad ruler or something you can have a tyranny of the majority. <SEP> And he makes a very passionate good argument for why you don't want some things decided by democratic process. Because anytime you have a majority they can change the law in a fully democratic process. And there are cases when you don't want that to be the case. A candi-. If there's some minority that people don't like because of racial hatred or something like that the majority can just simply vote against them. And cases like that need to be constrained. And I agree except that I don't trust the people who are appointed to vote. <SEP> Sometimes I think we have that right now with Congress. I feel that wa-. I think they're looking after their own self preservation more than they're actually looking after the good of the country. Their job is to be reelected by in large. And so they work on that job. And there's also an antigovernment mood in the country where government is misspending your dollars. And they're all fools. And throw the bastards out. That kind of thing. <SEP> And there's a notion that somehow if someone isn't as much as a government person they're less corrupt and they're more likely to be good which is really strange. Because if I'm hiring a plumber I want a real plumber. I want someone trained in.
sw2060.txt:. The topic is to discuss the sources where I receive news. <SEP> And for me that's mostly newspaper and radio. I almost never watch television as a matter of course. So I don't get news from television. Except during the war I watched a lot of C N N because it was so good. Why was C N N the only. Of course I think Saddam Hussein only allowed C N N to broadcast it. Is that not true? <SEP> It was unusual not to have the different sources of news coverage. I don't know. I guess I don't even know why I watched C N N. I guess I just wanted more news. It's one of the few times I wanted more news than. I know even if you watched A B C N B C or the other. What's the other one C B S. <SEP> C B S. They all were tapped into C N N. Were they? <SEP> That's the only thing they broadcast. And like you I listened to radio on my job at work. And all this week they have been having a discussion about that is why C N N was. I listen to a Christian radio station. <SEP> And they were saying that C N N is definitely a world news service. And they. It was. You can't really be sure of the quality of what you've got. We had some people from our church went to Israel just for a tour sort of thing. <SEP> And I was watching on TV. They broadcast this terrible riot. Supposedly that was going on in Jerusalem. So we got all fearful for our people come to find out they came back and said they weren't even aware of it. And so it really made me question as to how do we know if the news we're getting is any good. So. <SEP> I guess the news just focuses on major events that probably don't affect ninety-nine percent of the people who are right there when the news is being made. <SEP> But I'm from California. And I can remember being in these earthquakes. And they were very minor kinds of things from my point of view and from anyone else's point of view. But they get all blown up in the news. I find it depressing to watch our. Specially TV. It's just. Local news concentrates on murders and things like that. I'm from Dallas. And we have a lot of bad stuff. It just really gets me depressed even to watch it. <SEP>. So then you wake up one morning. And you are in war with somebody. You don't even know about it. <SEP>. What newspapers do you read in Dallas? We have the DALLAS TIMES HERALD and the DALLAS MORNING NEWS. But I don't read newspapers. <SEP> Don't you? How come? I find it hard to follow from one page to another. It's just something I have never developed an interest in. <SEP> And I live in kind of a bad area where if I have the paper delivered it's stolen before I can get out and get it. That sounds pretty bad to me. Who would steal a newspaper? You would be surprised. <SEP> They just come by and pick them up even if it's just for the TV selections of the day. I see. I don't know. It just wouldn't be there whenever I tried it. <SEP> You're right. Who would steal a newspaper? But they do. What part of California are you from? <SEP> From Los Angeles. But I live in Raleigh North Carolina right now. That's where I am speaking to you from. But I grew up in L A. I work out here. You work for T I? <SEP> I don't. I work for North Carolina State University. But I know some people at T I. And I have a couple of students who have graduated and gone to work for them. <SEP> I'm in the computer business. I. Current events is not a good subject for me. I don't keep up with it that often. <SEP> Let's see I've never done this before. I've never. This is your first call? This is my first call. Because I just got my password. <SEP>. So I don't know. Are we suppose to. It seems to me it says you are suppose to talk for three minutes. But I think we've been talking for three minutes. And nobody has interrupted. I got into a conversation last night with a lady. And they interrupt at ten minutes. <SEP> I see. So if we've done our three minutes. Let's just let the conversation end and say bye. <SEP> Nice talking to you. Nice talking to you too.
sw3375.txt:I guess it's a subject I haven't thought too much about. I don't know if there's so much wrong with the public schools as much as we're expecting too much out of them. <SEP> That might be a lot to do with it. I know a lot of it here in my state. I'm from Mississippi. I'm not sure where you're from. Minnesota Wisconsin. Minnesota. A lot of it in Mississippi here has got to do with funding. <SEP> Problems with our educational system a lot of it's due to money. And they're trying to spend money where we don't have it. And there's a lot of things we need that we just can't afford. It is getting very expensive to run schools. So. <SEP> It is. They've got computers now that you got to train on. There's just so much more and less money to do it with. <SEP> That's true. And a lot of it has to do with salaries too speaking of money. <SEP> Cause if you can't pay the right people they're not going to get the people that can do a good job. I guess that in. Talking on a lot of the things as far as the discipline in the schools I think they're expecting schools to discipline the kids. And I think it should go right back to the parents. If you don't train your kids right then. <SEP> I feel the same way. A lot has to do with how the kids were raised at home. And then when the kids get to school they try to take away a lot of things that they can do to discipline the kids. They've so severely limited. What disciplinary action you can do. I know when I was going to school it wasn't uncommon for a teacher to strike a student that was misbehaving. <SEP>. They do that now. And they could probably lose their job. Lose their job and big lawsuit and all that. <SEP> I feel that's got a lot to do with it. People aren't as afraid of misbehaving as they used to be. It seems that'd be a subject that I don't have much to say on. We've talked some about it in my state because we've had a lot of prob-. Our governor that just got thrown out of office was trying to be real big on education. But he wasn't. <SEP> And a lot of his problems had to do with money mostly. I know a lot of. If you have more money it's just logical that you can provide a better school system. And unfortunately there's not many places to get that money. <SEP> Then if you don't have qualified teachers in the different. I know one of my physics professors at college has addressed this. That most of the teachers at the elementary and high school level aren't scientists. They're teachers. And they may not know a lot about what they're teaching. Where they may have just had a teaching major and then had some social studies courses. And they're trying to teach social studies. And they don't know a lot about that. Where maybe a physics professor. My professor was a physics professor. And he said a lot of teachers teaching physics today have no background of physics at the high school level. So therefore they're teaching from a teacher's point of view and not from a physicist point of view. And that causes a lot of trouble. I don't know. Maybe they should sit back and kind of decide on where the money's best spent. I know in a lot of cases different districts like to have nice fancy schools. <SEP> And maybe they should be a little more concerned with paying the right people to teach and be satisfied with maybe a little older school. Because here in the town I went to high school. One of the high schools was blown away by a tornado. So when they rebuilt that school they had a top of the line high tech school there. <SEP> And the other schools were built back in maybe the fifties or early sixties. And then when the evaluation committees came through they praised the school that had been rebuilt while they were down grading all these other ones. Telling them what they needed to do to fix up this building. And so it kind of would make you think that we'd all be better off if all the schools were blown away by tornadoes and we had to rebuild them. I know where I came from. We didn't have a very rich community. And high school that I went to was very old. And as far as I know it's still there. They've expanded on it. But they've never built a new one. And it's probably fifty sixty years old or better. And I don't foresee them building a new one for a long time because they can't afford it. <SEP>
sw2231.txt:. Capital punishment. I honestly don't feel like it's strict enough in my opinion. In the way that it's applied or it's applied at all? <SEP> Applied at all. So I. How do you feel that it should be applied? I just feel like there's a lot of murderers and rapists and everything else just walking the streets. You know? <SEP> And that the penalty ought to be out there and be enforced? Not getting paroled in so many years. If you're going to sentence somebody twenty years let them stay twenty years. <SEP> That's. I agree with that completely. I know we don't have enough prisons. But there has got to be some kind of punishment For these people. There has. That's right. <SEP> Because if they turn around they get away with it. And they get away with it. And they get away with it. And then they do something worse. And they get a slap on the wrist. They get thirty days in jail. <SEP> And they final get up to where they kill somebody else. And they go through fourteen appeals and how many hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars. <SEP> That's right. That's honestly right. And it's. They have really got it better than we do in a lot of ways. You know? <SEP> They certainly are living at our expense. They sure are just because some innocent person can really. <SEP> I didn't. It seems like really a rough time. You know? I'm not saying innocent person. Let's say someone wrote a hot check for instance. When they go to prison it really seem like it's a rough time for them. <SEP> And a murderer well go to prison. He's just there to serve his time and get back out on the street. And be paroled and have served the sentence. <SEP> That's what people face with that choice. One thing I really hate is they don't explain to the jurors in a capital murder trial or in cases of rape or in different things that are so horrible what it means when they sentence them to. They'll sentence them to ninety years and say that it's going to. That should be life. But instead in. Given the choice of either sentencing to death or sentencing to life they'll give them ninety years in prison or something and then turn around in thirty years that. And less they're out. <SEP> If they're even in that long. Or they appeal. And then they get an appeal that says it was an unjust amount of time an extraordinary long length or something. Time. I would just be. I would love to see them just really get real strict on parole. <SEP> I'd like to see the death penalty more as a deterrent. I think people know that it doesn't. It's not a deterrent right now because it's not really effective. <SEP> There's should be for this crime this is the penalty. You killed someone in cold blood or whatever. You get it back. <SEP> This is what's going to happen. <SEP> And it sounds horrible. It. I hear myself saying this. But I don't know what else to do with some of these people that are. But it's. I know. <SEP> Because they let them back out again. And they do the same thing over and over again. Same thing. <SEP> Then they put them back in jail. And they get out. And more and more innocent people are hurt or killed. <SEP> And these guys just are on the endless merry-go-round in the legal system. And it's like I said at our expense. A lot of people really doesn't think that much about it because it hasn't happened to them which it hasn't to me either you know? <SEP>. But still it could. I know. You read about it in the paper every day somebody who's done this or that something really horrible. <SEP> And they just get away with it. And nothing happens. And as far as the other states I honestly don't know what their capital punishment is. I haven't kept up anything like that. <SEP> I think Texas the southern states seem to be somewhat more conservative and still have the death penalty. <SEP> And I know California had it for a long time. And then they took it off the books. They repealed it. And people like Charles Manson and some of these other people who were sentenced to death at the time they repealed the death penalty were sentenced to life in prison and are now even though California has reinstated the death penalty for whatever various crimes. <SEP> The people who were there originally when they changed the laws to revoke the death penalty are in prison in quote for life and are now coming up for parole. Some of them like Manson who's come up. <SEP> It's been denied fortunately. But. But still it came up though didn't it. <SEP> The jury that sentenced him sentenced him to death. And then while he was on appeal on his thousandth and one appeal the state of California revoked the law in the early seventies. And then they reinstated it later. But the penalty didn't go back. You know? <SEP> It seems like a lot of times the law is totally on the criminal side and isn't protecting the rest of the people. The victim is really left out in the cold more or less doesn't it. Especially in things you pick up the paper. And you read you think. <SEP> And the laws are all the rules. Some of the things that would make sense to tell the jury that this guy has a prior criminal history where he's raped ten women. <SEP> And then he gets up for this one trial. And they don't finds anything out about the facts that he's done this over and over and over again. And so they say this is. I don't know if they say it's the first time offense or whatever. But they give him a lighter sentence thinking he's not a habitual criminal. Or plead insanity. <SEP> And a lots of things. <SEP> To some extent if they would do something with some of those people. But that seems to be a good way to get off for a lot of them too. They plead insanity. <SEP> And then three years later they're cured and let loose on society again. I. It just doesn't make sense. It's a scary world out there anymore where you're afraid to go out. I. <SEP> I know in the Dallas metroplex area I don't go out hardly if I don't have to at night by myself. And I grew up in a smaller town in Texas. And it wasn't that way when I was younger. Like I said I live in a small place. <SEP> We could go around. And. But even the small towns now though has really changed from when I was a kid. But now I'm raising children. It really is. Ever. You can't even. When I was a kid I would run between my neighbors three and four blocks sometimes and as long as my mom had a general idea where I was and I was back on the time. <SEP> And now I don't let my kids out of the front yard that I can't see them. See them. It really is. We're probably fixing to run out of time pretty soon. But I've enjoyed talking to you. <SEP> Good talking to you too.
sw2826.txt:I think life. I grew up on a farm. I don't. What kind. Did you grow up in the farm. I grew up in. At that time I was in Trenton New Jersey. And it was a suburb of Trenton. So I really had mixture of suburb and urban living. <SEP> I see I see little bit different. I think though it was much slower and much more self-contained. <SEP> I think you're right. It's interesting. I work in a high school. So I'm comparing my life when I was in high school thirty years ago to what I see these children doing. <SEP> And the pressures on the children. You hear this as an excuse. But it's true they are so much greater. Unreal by comparison. I can not believe what they're doing academically the demands on them. And I can see why children do drop out. I think that's right. <SEP> I can see the. I can remember as a child nobody ever worried about me wondering out at night and going where I wanted to go. It didn't occur to nobody to worry that anything would happen to me. They were. <SEP> And you didn't have to lock your door. And a lo-. Some of these are urban worries. But it's a lot different all though I guess twenty years a go now in this area things were similar because twenty years ago. Let's see. It was after. It's not all that long ago is it. <SEP> Twenty-five years ago is when we had the Washington riots. The first rights we've been having some problem now. And it reminded me of that. We were living in New Jersey. Twenty years ago. <SEP> Whereabouts? In Allendale. <SEP> And I use to have to go over to Patterson when those riots were going on sometimes. I don't know though. It's kind of hard to really know because of. Though the news media had those riots kind of blown up out of proportion. <SEP> Because I went there many times. And. The Washington riots weren't. Because. I never saw a riot. Did you? <SEP> The Washington riots weren't. Because I lived right downtown Washington. And what you saw was what you got. I'm telling you. That's what. <SEP> But it is interesting. They're so many mor-. They're different kind of dangers that face young people now and social pressures. The pressures of drug is so much. The prevalence is so much greater. The kinds of diseases that you've got out the. <SEP> The consequences is. So much of what's going on is so much more serious then when we were younger. I think that's true. I think that's true. I think the other thing is that we have taken some rather drastic turns in our education and the way we approach things as of maybe starting back when I'm number one and worrying about self and not seeing the consequences of the disintegration of the family. <SEP> And there have been many things that have happened that have not encouraged closeness of families and support for young people the kind of support that they need to help them take care of the things. And. If you don't have some kind of basic believe or something down inside of you then it's very difficult to have anything to turn to when you've got something facing you like that. <SEP> That's true. <SEP> I also being involved in the school system see so many of the problem children coming from their parents children who will lie and cheat. And you approach their parents. And their parents are constantly justify them rather then to. They're constantly excusing their child. <SEP> And you can see exactly why the child is that way. <SEP> You as a teacher can't hold a child accountable if you're not going to get reinforced by that at home. That's right. <SEP> That's right. And you can't make up in a classroom of one hour a day what's not been done for fifteen or sixteen years at home. <SEP> That's right. <SEP> And you get mixed signals. So it's not always the school's systems. I think a lot of. It is the families the way you were mentioning. There's so much more then that. It starts very much deeper then that. I think that too. I see some flickers of good directions turning. <SEP> But whether they're soon enough and fast enough I don't know. It's just. Of course life is a lot more complicated too in ways. The kinds of jobs that people need to be trained for now. <SEP> With farming being so mechanized people working on the family farm which was a traditional American way that becomes less and less likely. Factory jobs are so much more sophisticated. That's right. <SEP> And the kinds of knowledge that. It's requiring an increasingly sophisticated labor force. And some people just don't have it. And there's so many people on the lower end of those who are going to be the drop outs and the poor and the homeless and whatnot. <SEP> And you worry when the sex and drugs on the young children and the unborn children. That's just another. <SEP> In terms of what it's going to mean to a society in the future it's a. Some ways it's rather frightening. It really is. It just is almost overwhelming sometimes when you think of the jobs that is out there to be done in order to flip things back around the way they needed to be. <SEP> It certainly is. It sure is. <SEP> It sure is. Not that I really think that they were perfect ten twenty or thirty years ago. But. It was a little easier though wasn't it? Just the volume makes a big difference. <SEP> As uh mother I use to think sometimes it's not so much the kids. It's just the volume of it to try to keep all wash done and all the things done and everything. And all the things demanded of the mother too. <SEP> I look at my mother's life. She didn't work. For a long time when I was very young she didn't drive. She learned to drive when I was a teenager. And her life was a lot simpler. And children's lives were simpler because mother was there. <SEP> And I sit here. Somebody was there. That's right. And when there's nobody there. <SEP> That's right. That's right. I always thought too that people worrying about going to work when their children are little. And I think that's sad if they have to because they miss so much. But I believed after having a few teenagers that the worst time you could go work was when they were teenagers. They need you more as a teenager. <SEP> Isn't that true. That's why I'm working in a school system so that I'm home when they're home. It's not so much that they come to you every minute. But it's that you are there when they need you. That's exac-. Isn't that. That's so true. <SEP> I find working in a high school is very helpful because it lets me be a little more tolerant and understanding of what people do. And it keeps me from being the old fogy. But at the same time it prevents kids from try to go pull the wool over your eyes. <SEP> I think that's true. As to what's com-. But that's the same. I'm home in the summers. I'm home with the holidays. That's. <SEP> I'm home at three o clock when the children are at home. Or where home. One is now a senior in high school and the other's in college. <SEP> And. But that helps a lot. It does. I have a daughter who just had a second job. She needed to work. And he opted to go into a day care center where she could have her children with her. And looked a long time before she found one that was laid back enough so she would be able to interact with them. <SEP> That's right. And so I. Good kind of experience as well. But. <SEP> I. I think that's really important. I don't think people realize how important it is. That is so true. <SEP> And it's not that the children always say something. But every once in awhile they'll come up and make a comment. And you realize it's important that. And yet we have to make that choice. I think twenty thirty years ago a lot of women just didn't have to make that choice. <SEP> I think that's right. What was your name again? I. Linda Lee. Linda. <SEP>. And your name was? I think probably that we've just about. <SEP> I enjoyed talking with you. I'm going to change the world. But. <SEP> I enjoyed talking with you. It's nice talking to you too. <SEP>
sw3615.txt:Do you have any children? I have two boys twelve and sixteen. Twelve and sixteen. <SEP> How about you? I have three. And they're five and three and nineteen months. So we kind of got different ball game. But. <SEP> What. Do you feel like you have any time to spend with them? <SEP> They're probably at an age where they don't want to spend any time with their parents. That's true. <SEP> You actually of course spend less time with them when they get older. But it's of course still really important. I have a kind of a fortunate situation right now with my sixteen year old. I work two nights a week at a. I'm a librarian. <SEP> And I work two nights a week at the Senior High School library. They keep it open for kids to do their work. And then the school district hires an aide to work for me. <SEP> My son is my aide. That's nice. So two nights a week for four hours we're stuck together. You're stuck together. <SEP> And there's usually not very much business. Some nights it's just real real quiet. So. I would suspect your nights would be pretty quiet for the most part. <SEP> So I have sort of a captive audience. So I really do spend probably more time with him than most. But of course I'm away from my other son those hours too. But his dad's at home pretty much that time. And so that kind of gives him time with his dad then. <SEP> That's true. Gives him a little bit of that individual time. <SEP> But it is hard once they get that age. Their friends are the most important thing there is. And they want to be able to spend. That's right. I've even noticed that with my five year old. She started kindergarten this year. And every day that she's not at school she thinks we need to have someone over and play. <SEP>. And that kind of. <SEP> It's kind of hard. It's hard. I think I find myself getting my little projects going and not taking the time that I should. I'm more worried about. I didn't this done. I didn't get. The kitchen needs to be cleaned. <SEP> This needs to be done. And I need to remind myself to slow down. And it'll still be there tomorrow. <SEP> That's true. But that's kind of hard to do. <SEP> It is hard to do. You don't see yourself getting. If you're kind of a person that likes things organized or neat. <SEP> Or. Then I think it is hard. It's. I think one of the nice things about holidays is that it does give you the opportunity to spend more time with family. Slow down a little bit. <SEP> We often go to Illinois for Christmas. And we're not this year. And it's just really nice because we can do the things you want to do. You can do more than when you travel. <SEP> That's right. This is the first year we're staying home too. And I think it's going to be real quiet. But that's an opportunity to get out the games. And. <SEP> We usually do that. My kids even have already gotten out. My twelve year old got out the Legos which of course he hasn't touched since last summer. Of course. <SEP> But every now and then he's got a lot of those hard kind. And he wants to be an engineer. So he still likes all that kind of building stuff. And we have the train. And we haven't had that Lego train together for years. So he sat down. And I told him I really wanted him to build the train. And we would put it under the tree and that I would keep it together. I wouldn't take it apart. Wouldn't take it apart after that. <SEP> And every year I'd have the Lego train under the tree. That'd be kind of fun. So he worked on that for the longest time ever since school was out on Friday. And then his sixteen year old brother started helping too. <SEP> These are kind of things during the normal rat race. Those kinds of things never happen. <SEP> But. In fact I think if people would learn to turn off the T V -s. And. I think that's a lot of the breakdown of the communication and the communication that would take place in a family. <SEP> Which is. Usually people are not sitting in front of that. <SEP> And there's always a few people in the family that when they stare at it they're totally turned off to everything else. The rest of. And you can't communicate while you're doing that? That's right. Whereas I'm the type of person I could not sit. I shouldn't say I could not. But be very hard for me to sit down and watch a program all the way through without doing something. <SEP> Me too. I don't watch very much of it at all to the extent that sometimes I feel almost embarrassed at work and stuff like that Because they talk so much. Isn't that the. <SEP> They talk about T V shows. And I. How can you watch that. You're kind of what are you talking about. And. It's the best show on. I don't know. You feel like you're a little bit out of it don't you. <SEP> They need to have a highlight in the newspaper or something tell us what's.
sw2717.txt:I'll let you go first. What's there to say? Doesn't seem like it's being carried out very well in my opinion. Seems like it takes so long between conviction and carrying out the penalty that I don't see that it makes any difference to sentence anybody. It seems like they could die of old age waiting to get the death penalty. <SEP> I know what you mean. I. In Maryland they do have capital punishment. And I've seen a lot of people get sentenced. And then just nothing happens just endless endless endless appeals. <SEP> From what I underst-. I saw a statistic just a few days ago so far this year during a year's time they executed twenty-five people in the nation. Meanwhile there were twenty-five hundred people on death row. <SEP> So I. And it's building up. They're convicting them faster than they're executing them. So it's really building up. What's amazing is some of them have been on death row for a number of years. And here in Maryland I know we have a real problem with overcrowding in prisons. Just. <SEP> Everybody's got that. But in. Here it's to the point where they were letting prisoners go. Commuting the sentences of those that were in jail for lesser crimes in order to put more people into the jails. <SEP>. And it was just amazing to me. And of course they made a big deal out of the few that got out and turned around and committed a crime within five days of getting out and being rearrested an. <SEP> Isn't Maryland where the famous Willy Horton case was. I can't remember. Refresh my memory. <SEP> That was the one that was used so much in the campaign. In the presidential race. It may not have been Maryland. It may have been Massachusetts. I don't remember. I don't remember myself. The question is do you think it does make a difference in whether or not a criminal commits a crime. Or do you think it can if it's done right? If they started executing them on a regular basis I think it might make a difference. Right now I don't see it making a difference. <SEP> If it. I don't see someone not going out there and committing murder because they're afraid they're going to get sentenced to death. Most people out there committing murders don't care. They just don't care. <SEP> I think in large measure the reason they don't care. It's not because the punishment. But so many of the people that commit crimes don't get punished. The police don't catch them. Or the courts don't convict them. Or they don't serve very much of the time. And so their success rate is very high. Crime does pay. You can make a good living at it. And there's a lot of people here in Baltimore that have. And we just had a real big cocaine bust. And of course they're playing it up real big that it looked like it was a very very small ring. And they just happened to get lucky and catch the guy. <SEP> But Baltimore has an all time record for the number of deaths so far this year. I think they've got over a hundred dead already this year. Last year it was D C. I guess Baltimore caught them. It's kind of moved up. And you have to remember that there's X number of people out there that are going to commit murders. <SEP> And once you kill off a few of them. If you murder a guy because he murdered your partner or something like that pretty soon you run out of people to murder. <SEP> The only consolation is so many of the murders are. The violent people going against each other. And so they. Society's not going to put them to death. At least maybe the guy they cross next time is going to. I think capital punishment is an appropriate punishment for the kind of people where we say this sort of person is just not acceptable to our society. And we are there by going to remove them from society not temporarily but permanently. I personally think life imprisonment. I don't think much of life imprisonment. First of all it's never turns out to be life. But second why should we. The idea of life imprisonment with no chance of parole. That means you're going to put them in a cage you think it's never ever going to be safe for them to walk the streets again. Then why bother. Just execute them because that way you're sure they'll never ever going to walk the streets again. <SEP> So anybody that says life in prison with no chance of parole I'd say give them the death penalty. So. It makes sense. You have the occasional person who may have been falsely accused but so few and far between. Makes good T V movies. And that's about it. And also the thing I don't like about a lot of these court trials and a lot of these appeals is that it's not based on what is true and what is false. But rather it's on the rules of evidence what can I hide and what do I have to tell. <SEP> And I think our courts should be geared much more strongly towards finding out the truth than they currently are. And that way we can be sure. We can find out the truth. We can find out what really happened and base the sentence on what the person did not on what we're allowed to let the jury hear. I had. My father-in-law participated in a jury trial. He was actually on the jury. <SEP> And this man was accused of killing two people and shooting a policeman point blank in the face. Of course he didn't die. And this was during a holdup of a restaurant. And it came out during the trial that they had tried to rob another place. And when the guy came out with the bag they thought was money it turned out to be a couple cookies jumbo cookies. And so they were so upset from robbing this guy trying to do this holdup that didn't work that they quite literally were mad and went into a restaurant to hold the place up and just started shooting people. <SEP> Just started shooting people because they botched the first job. You know it's. So now they're going to get even. <SEP> And get even with who. Stupid guys. And it turned out that the policeman survived to the point that he was able to identify the guy. <SEP> And of course they tried to make the cop look like he was a no good rotten drunk. It was amazing. <SEP> What was the verdict. What was the results there. He was found guilty. He. Last I heard he beat a push for the death penalty. Whether they finally got it or not I don't know. <SEP> I kind of stopped listening after a while. He would come home. And after the trial was over he came home and told us what was going on. And of course then they had to go back to dec-. After he had to go. <SEP> The penalty phase. They decide the penalty separately from the verdict. And everybody was pretty much let's burn him. And that's the way they wanted to do it. And he was surprised because he thought there was going to be a problem because he. Some people on the case were a little hesitant on convicting him on some of the charges. But when it all came down they just within an hour decided the man's fate. <SEP> You just have to decide wha- yo-. There's really two separate decisions there I guess. One is did it really happen the way the prosecutor said it happened. Is this man really guilty. And you have to decide that. But then you have to decide as a member of society what do I want to do with this guy who did this thing. And that w-. I've never been on a jury. I've never had that experience. I'm not sure I'd look forward to making that kind of decision about a man's life. It went pretty quick from what he said. <SEP> But there's a lot of other crimes out there besides murder. I think now if you're dealing drugs now caught more than twice or something there's a death penalty associated with it. <SEP> The thing I'd be most likely to attach the death penalty to is the violence. Ye-. I can handle people selling drugs. It's wrong. But it's not worth somebody getting executed for. But we hear so much about the violence and how it's not safe to walk the streets these random drive by shootings and that sort of thing. <SEP> And the people I'd most likely want to sentence to death are the people that just show a really low regard for human life. That. You never know when they're going to turn or hurt the next person because it doesn't really matter to them whether someone else gets hurt or not. I agree. And so I go le-. These are the kind of people I would like to get out of here and get out of circulation and say we don't accept your kind in our society. I agree. I have a low tolerance for that kind of person. And as far as. There are some other crimes that I think. Kidnapping when they. Kidnapping per se has a certain fine and penalty associated with it. <SEP> But some of these people are just out and out brutal. I. Some of the cases I've heard about over the years.
sw2549.txt:I guess we're on. Hang on. Let me try it again because usually. Do you usually get a message? <SEP>. Hang on let me check on it. I don't know. <SEP> Let me try it once more. I think we're on maybe. I guess we'll find out. <SEP> In Maryland are you a Skins fan? Not really from. I really wasn't from here. So the teams I really root for in football are the Niners and the Seahawks only the Niners because I used to live out in California I like Seattle because I like Seattle. And besides I like the city. <SEP> So you were out there in San Francisco? San Jose actually but close. <SEP> Other than the big catch with the Forty-niners and the Cowboys back a few year ago I like San Francisco. <SEP> But I don't know. I never really was a Cowboys fan until I moved down to Texas. Is that where you are now? <SEP> I'm in Dallas. And I guess when you're down here in Dallas you finally get indoctrinated into the Cowboys because this is a big football territory down here. <SEP> And unfortunately of course the Cowboys have been doing so bad in the past few years. That. I don't know. Everybody's kind of. They're still behind them. But it's not like it used to be. You back the winners. And you don't back them when they're not doing well. <SEP> That's right. But I think actually in trying to follow the Cowboys over the years they used to have a philosophy for probably the last twenty-five years except for about the last about five or six years they always went out and tried to draft the best athletes. And didn't really draft for any particular spot. <SEP> But they would go out and try to go for the best people and then mold them into different areas or find their natural niche. And then about four or five years ago they started going after specific players or positions. The press would get down on Landry. And this is when Schramm was still there. <SEP> And they'd go after them saying what you really need is a defensive end. So they'd go out and try to find a defensive end. And when they drafted somebody and he didn't work out at that spot it really wasn't a good enough athlete to move to any place else. So I think it was kind ever interesting. I think the decline of the Cowboys as a powerhouse really kind of started with not drafting the best athletes. It makes sense because you've got the flexibility if they're good athlete they can do a bunch of different things. <SEP>. But. And I don't. My main sport is baseball. But I've been enjoying football. But I don't know it as well. <SEP> I just. Cowboys are going to have a problem aren't they? Is it this year they don't have a draft pick because of the Walker trade. Or what was the whole deal on that? They still have some draft picks that they got. They don't have anything high do they? <SEP> Actually they picked up some from Minnesota. I think it was Minnesota's. That's right. That's right. They. It went the other way. <SEP> What was I thinking. They traded Herschel to Minnesota. They traded Walker. My brain is really working well tonight. <SEP> That's okay. They. I've got a friend that lives right next to the Cowboys' training camp. And he sees them out running a lot. And every once in a while gets a chance to talk to some of the guys. And they're all thinking that they really got something going this year. <SEP> But I guess when you have a whole bunch of professional athletes that get together at the beginning of the year everybody's got great hopes. I guess it's the same way with baseball or anybody. Spring training until you actually start going out and getting out against the competition everything probably looks pretty good. If you go to. I'm sure if you go to any of the twenty-eight coaches in football in training camp they say we're going to be Super Bowl Champs. Because I know in baseball any manager you go to say we're going to be in the World Series even though there's not a prayer. <SEP> <SEP> This is the way it is. Kim didn't the Cowboys even finish. They finished pretty close to five hundred last year didn't they? <SEP> They did. As a matter of fact. Because they only won one game the year before? I enjoyed that because it was against the Skins. <SEP> You don't like the Skins? I live near Baltimore. And I really don't like D C a whole lot at all. And I'm really. They got a big thing because of the expansion going on in baseball. D C is talking about how they're going to get a baseball team and everything. It's you guys aren't going to get a baseball team I'm sorry it's not going to happen. <SEP> But of course the griping is that if Washington doesn't get a baseball team then Baltimore shouldn't get a football team. Which is probably true. But anyway I've never liked D C a whole lot. And a really hate the Redskins. And a lot of it's because I got a lot of people at work with and everything that are big Redskin fans. Of course. <SEP>. Of course then you're not that far from Philadelphia. I've never liked Philadelphia the city a whole lot. The only reason I really enjoy the Eagles at all is because I really like Randall Cunningham. I. It was Buddy Ryan the one that I can't stand too much. Ye-. Considering how well he gets along with Jimmy Johnson that doesn't surprise me. <SEP> There was this ther- in. The Baltimore Sun has this cartoonist in the sports section. And when. Last. I guess it was January when Jimmy Johnson got named coach of the year or whatever. It was the same year that Buddy Ryan got fired. And he had this cartoon in there about Jimmy Johnson's big day. The first thing is the phone call from the league saying he was coach of the year. And the second was this phone call from Buddy Ryan I got fired can you believe that. <SEP> Actually you said you lived near Baltimore? You're out. I used to travel out that way a lot. And actually I used to drive a lot between Baltimore and Washington. And. I lived. Do you know what Ellicott City is? <SEP> It's just west of Baltimore off Route Seventy. But basical- Route Seventy and Route Forty. <SEP>. I used to go out of B W I a lot. That's not far from where the new football stadium would be if we got an N F L team. <SEP>. They've built a new stadium downtown. It's opening next year. Is that near the what do they. I forgot the name of it. Is it the Wharf or the Inner Harbor. The Inner Harbor. <SEP> It's a couple of blocks west. There is an old railroad yard basically. There's a big long railroad shed. And then there's an old station. And they're building the stadium on the other side of the shed from the Inner Harbor which is really stupid because one of the big selling points of the new stadium is supposed to be this view of the Inner Harbor. And the only way you're going to have a view of is this big brick wall. <SEP> But they're building the baseball stadium. And they've got land set aside for a football stadium if they ever get a N F L team. So it's real easy access from south of Baltimore like the airport or more importantly for the Orioles from Washington D C. <SEP> The Orioles say they get twenty-five percent of their attendance from D C. I tell you what I. The. There's. The Colts still to me are the Baltimore Colts. <SEP> You know? They really ought to change the name in Indianapolis. I never been real thrilled with not. Sitting here and talking about all the cities that I hate. I went to Purdue University for a couple of years and really learned to hate Indianapolis while I was out there. <SEP> And I was not real happy when they left to go there of all places. Did you graduate from Purdue? I transferred to Delaware and graduated there. <SEP> Delaware? There's not a whole lot in Delaware. But it's close to Philadelphia and Baltimore. <SEP> So it's. That's true. I take it you're an east coast type guy? Plus the west coast. Kind of all over the place but east coast lately. <SEP>
sw3311.txt:Let's see. How old are you Lisa? I'm twenty. <SEP> How old are you? I'm older. Older. <SEP> Older than you are. We are supposed to talk about places we like to go. So I'm going. And where are you calling from? I'm calling from Provo Utah. But I'm from Plano Texas. <SEP> You are from Plano. My sister lives in Plano. Her husband is the new Director of Admissions at University of Texas at Dallas. <SEP> So. My dad used to work at U T D also. Generally we just go on family vacations to Arizona. Where's your favorite place to go? My grandparents live there. That's generally our usual summer vacation. <SEP> Where in Arizona? Tempe. I've never been to Tempe. <SEP> That's where I'd like to go. What do you like about Tempe? Mainly just being with family is it. We just hang out. And my grandparents have a pool. So we go swimming. And. Pretty hot isn't it in the summer? But we keep cool just by going swimming. And it's fun to be with my cousins. They're up there also my grandparents and my cousins. <SEP> That's good. <SEP> Been to Hawaii? Have you? In fact I just got some reservations. I'm going to go for almost two weeks this winter. <SEP> It's the longest. Actually I lived there. So I was there longer. But two weeks is the longest vacation I'll have ever taken there. So I'm kind of looking forward to that one. Around Christmas time? <SEP> In March. We're going to go in March after my children's birthdays and get all that business out of the way. <SEP> So I think I would like to go to Arizona. I was in Phoenix in January last January. But it was rainy and icky. It was the coldest it's been there ever in January. I think. It's very cold. So do you travel a lot. <SEP> But I would like to go to Tempe. Or. Do we travel a lot? Some. I was a travel agent. <SEP> I have been up until just a few months ago. But I'm thinking of going back to work. So you know a lot of good vacation spots. <SEP> I know a lot of good places to go. But you definitely need to go to Hawaii. That's your favorite? It is my favorite. My husband hasn't been to Europe yet. And I'd like to take him there. But he's traveled all over the United States. And I haven't. I haven't been down south. I'd like to go to New Orleans. Have you been there? I haven't. Where do you live? <SEP> I live in Yakima Washington. So it's cold and rainy today. It's yucky. <SEP> But we've had some pretty nice weather. We played tennis outdoors until last week. So that's a pretty good deal. Do you go to school in Provo Utah? I do. <SEP> Do you use NuSkin skin care. They're located in Provo. I work for NuSkin. <SEP> Do you? I'm a NuSkin person. <SEP> I sell NuSkin too. I am my only b-. And best cus-. Not only and best. But I'm my best customer. <SEP> Since we're not supposed to talk about this though is there anything more intensive for the eye area than the eye cream? Do you know? I don't. Maybe the rejuvenating cream is the only other thing I would use. <SEP> I have that too. I'm forty-two. I need something. I need more. Than the intensive eye? <SEP> I didn't know if there was anything else. And I use the Celltrex. <SEP> But. NuSkin is wonderful. I think it's a wonderful product. Do you use it? I do. We get free products every month. So. <SEP> That's great. Now I'm getting about sixty bucks a month free products. So. I've worked there about a year. <SEP> That's good. Are they good to work for? They're wonderful to work for. That's great. <SEP> So we're supposed to be talking about places to go. And you have not been to Europe. Do you go to school? Do you ski? I ski. I've. <SEP> Ski. You probably ski very well in Utah. I don't. Actually since I grew up in Texas I've only been here about two years and have gone skiing about. Five times each season. <SEP> Why did you move to Utah? You are going to school? At B Y U. I. Is that where B Y U is? <SEP> I know some people that went to B Y U. That's great. Pretty good. I do like to ski. Pretty down there. I said I do like to ski. <SEP> So where have you skied? And it's kind of nice being up here just because it's all like a vacation in itself when you get to go. If you like that kind of thing. <SEP> You're a sophomore. Or junior? I am actually a junior. Beginning of my junior year. <SEP> You're a junior. Good for you. <SEP> What are you studying? Nursing. Good for you. You sound like a girl that has it together. <SEP> I would just encourage you to do a little traveling though before you get married. Because when you get married you won't have the money or the time. You think. I know. <SEP> So just. Don't be in any hurry. I'm not I'm not. You really should go to Europe. I went to Europe for six weeks after I graduated from college. And that was just. I could have had that or a down payment on a new car. And I took the trip. And. And it was great? <SEP> I traveled with a group of sixteen other students. Actually there was two other graduating seniors besides myself. And we just had a ball. We stayed at. How long did you get to stay there? Six weeks. <SEP> It was wonderful. So you should think about doing something like that. I just had a friend that got back from Europe. And she was there all winter semester.
sw3443.txt:Surprised they get anybody this time of day. But I've been trying all different times. <SEP> But I don't get anybody at five thirty don't get anybody at nine at night. So thought I'll try. I'm at work. <SEP> And I just happened to walk back into my office. I've been gone for a little while. I go to school. So I'm home certain days. <SEP> And I really haven't been making any phone calls have you? Got. I haven't ever made any. I just receive them. Have you received many? <SEP> I haven't here lately. It's. The first time we were on this it came just about every day. <SEP> I never had to make one. They just always came. People must be tired of it or something. <SEP> I guess we're supposed to discuss this subject. What do you think? I never gave it any thought myself. <SEP> I was hoping you could tell me what you thought. I don't have any objection to people doing that. I think it might be good for them. But as a mother of two daughters I might be afraid of where they were sent. <SEP> I'm just concerned about their safety. Because if they do good work in America they'll probably be sent to a ghetto. <SEP> And if they were sent to a third world country I couldn't help but wait worried. That would be my main objection. I don't think. <SEP> I don't know. I think maybe it should stay on a voluntary basis. It will probably never happen. But. I think it would be good for everyone to do something like that. But I guess I don't feel like it should be something forced upon you. It probably won't. <SEP> I don't even know how we'd pay for it anyway. We can't seem to pay for all the little things we have going now. <SEP> That's another consideration. But I don't know. Some kids are so spoiled nowadays. It might be a real eye opener. <SEP> Sometimes my kids are on the other side of town here. And they just see some really tiny modest wood frame homes. And then they think. They're just kind of shocked at that side of town. I probably lived in one of those when I was a little girl. <SEP> I have a girlfriend that every time her son starts taking things for granted she threatens to send him to Mexico with her relatives and let him get a taste of that for a while. That would be an eye opener wouldn't it? Wouldn't it though? Right next to us is such a pitiful country. <SEP> It is. I know. Sometimes I wish we'd help them out instead of going all across the world and helping some countries I never even heard of. <SEP> I know it. It seems to me we are. It would be to our benefit to strengthen that country. Right on our borders. <SEP> But what do I know? I'm just sitting at home and doing laundry today and certainly not up. <SEP> Nobody has called me from Washington. But how did you get on this program? <SEP> I work at T I. You do work at T I? You're in Lewisville. I just went by that place. We were going to a football playoff game a week or so ago which we lost. And we went by. <SEP> That's the first time I'd seen it. It looked really nice. A lot of trees there. It looked like a sight. <SEP> Hang on a minute. I don't think so. Patty might. I'm back. Di-. <SEP> But how did you get on it? My husband works at T I over on Central. Why we're living in Arlington I'm not so sure. But he works over there. <SEP> And tha-. We did it last time. So just my daughter and I are registered this time. I don't know. They didn't even ask him back. <SEP> That was weird wasn't it? But like I said I hardly ever get any calls this time. <SEP> I don't get too many. And I can never find anybody. So. <SEP> The first time I used to get calls from far away too. Like Maryland and New Jersey. <SEP> But now it just seems like it's in the Dallas Fort Worth area that I get calls from. I've had the same experiences. All right around here. <SEP> I don't know. I wonder if they really. I don't know if they could possibly teach a machine to recognize all the different accents. There's so many with this one town. <SEP>. Even in some families some people talk a little bit different. <SEP>. My husband is from New Jersey. And one of his sisters does things that really sound funny to me. And he doesn't pronounce them at all that way. And that's one family? Of course I think everybody in New Jersey sounds a little bit funny. But. <SEP> I agree. You know how that goes. I'm surprised she hasn't told us to cut it off yet. Sometimes she says at night. Or overloads. <SEP> So end your conversation. <SEP> Do you have any more words of wisdom about the subject? I sure don't. You don't have any kids you want to send over here? <SEP> No kids. Is. I don't know if mine would want to go live in the ghetto. One of them is real idealistic. She might. <SEP> My sister is. I'd be more suited to that than her. She's just bugs.
sw2501.txt:We're energized. Painting. Interesting. The guy called me. When the computer called me I thought that they were reading my mind. I'm in the middle of going out for bids to have my house painted. <SEP> Painting is not hard to do as long as it's not to the point of where it needs to be scraped and peeling. <SEP> And our house is not. But it's starting to bleed through and burn through because the paint's real cheap. And it's just a hassle to go through it. So I'm looking for the easy way out. I know. Di-. Is easy to find painters to do this for you? It's easier to find painters. But you have to be aware of how messy they can get and are they going to put on a good two coats and are they going to caulk. <SEP> Ri-. Are you talking outside or inside? Exterior. <SEP> Exterior. Interior's not so bad because it's more fun. It's more c-. But. Outside you have high peeks and those kind of things. <SEP> It can be a real issue. When we've painted. Right now our house doesn't have to have the same kind of exterior painting there. It's more trim because it has some of the old asbestos shingles on the back and there's some sort of stone or something in the front. <SEP> So there isn't as much wood that has to be painted. But it. The problem is that the sun hits it. So preparing is a real problem. You've got to prepare it well. Or else it will flake. <SEP> Here they. Some of the home builders are. They don't put brick on the side of your house just to save money. So they put up a quarter inch Masonite basically. And they painted it kind of a spun of a sorts. So it's real cheap. And I've had thirteen hundred dollar bid and as low as five hundred and forty dollars. So it's just a matter of. That's quite a range. It's. <SEP> There one guy brags about his piece of equipment he's using and the drop cloths and all that kind crap. And I'm so much worried about that as what I don't want it all over the brick and windows. And. <SEP> Which might be a bigger problem than it would be. So you haven't had any jobs painted in your house recently. <SEP> We have done a little painting ourselves. We painted the bedroom within the last couple of months. That's fun. And we have some more that need to be done. <SEP> But the problem that we've owned this house almost five years now. And when we bought it it had been vacant for a while because the family will retired. But the daughter was a real estate agent. And she was selling it. And it's been lived in briefly by her before she bought her town house. So she told us that the house had been professionally painted recently. And it looked pretty good the interior walls all basically white. But they obviously had been done without to much wear afterward. The only problem was when we started having the movers move the furniture in we identified various rooms by pieces of masking tape on the door frames. When we took the masking tape off half the painted came with it. That's not very. <SEP> Big long strips. So what had happened is that professional painters had not prepared the surface properly. And some of still has to be redone. They just painted over varnished wood. <SEP> Actually it had been a repaint job. But they had not. Either they had painted with the wrong kind of paint over top. Or they hadn't really roughed it up or whatever they. Because it was woodwork. So it looked as if it had been painted correctly with an enamel or something. <SEP> Either that or it had not been prepared underneath. And it was greasy or something. It comes off in strips not even little bit. So we still have some of that trim work to do because we put it off all this time. <SEP> We know what a job it's going to be. Because you almost have to strip the whole thing in order to do it again. I wish you good luck. <SEP> Thank you very much. Thank you. <SEP>
sw2772.txt:. I can go ahead and start and tell you mine. And. <SEP> We're from San Antonio. And that's where I grew up. So I was used to the heat out here right now. <SEP> It gets to about high seventies. And it gets very cold at night. And Monterey it's right on the coast. And I don't know if you're familiar with California coastline. But we're about a two hour drive south of San Francisco. <SEP> And it's really nice. It's a big area for people to come from the different countries mostly Japan Germany and England. And they usually go to Carmel and vacation on the beaches. So it's pretty nice year round. But always cool in the evenings. And warm in the Summer. But it stays pretty cold even during the Winter for as nice as it is. And we usually get a fog. Right about four o'clock. And it kind of rolls in over the coast. And then it usually breaks back off again the next morning. And if you go just a little bit ways in the weather completely changes. <SEP> And it gets very hot and dry. And the fog never makes it that far. But along here it's very different from the Texas type weather. What's it like down there? Right now we're having the little bit of Spring that we have. <SEP> At least you've got some. We don't have many seasons here. It goes from Winter to Summer usually. Spring usually consists of a lot of rain. Especially thunderstorms. We had one of those blow through tonight. <SEP> That's good. And I think we got the same thing in the forecast for the next two or three days. <SEP> Have y'all been having any heat waves or the ninety degree. It's gotten up to ninety a couple of times. But basically it's been in the low seventies and eighties. <SEP> Women that's good. For this time of year. It's not really been too bad. Usually it sneaks on into the nineties a little earlier. <SEP> Do y'all have many bluebonnets and stuff this year? Quite a bit. The season is just about over for that. In fact we drove down to Corpus last week. <SEP> And there were still some paint brushes and bluebonnets down along the way. I miss that. Drove through San Antonio. And I spoke to somebody else this morning from San Antonio. And were. They had. And we came back. What day was that Sunday evening. And they had a big rainstorm come through there part of the same thing we're getting now. <SEP> That's real nice because I can remember two years ago that in about February the hundred degree weather started in San Antonio and just continued. At least y'all are getting some rain up in Dallas. I'm glad to hear that. That's the second or third year in a row that we've had a real rainy Spring. We had a pretty rainy Fall last year as well. <SEP> Y'all weren't getting any of the strings of the tornadoes and stuff were you? We've had a few down here but not anything like Kansas. But this is the season for that. <SEP> They do pop up occasionally around here. <SEP> I really don't miss all the heat there. I'm getting acclimated to have the cool evenings. So we get a bit of a relief. I'm from here originally. So when it's July and August I'm pretty well used to the hundred degree temperatures. <SEP>. The biggest problem with the weather and the rain in this area is the soil. It's that black clay soil. <SEP> Is that what Dallas is. It's not sandy like most of the state is. So it doesn't absorb the water real well. Once it rains a little bit it's filled up and everything else just runs off. <SEP> You know. San Antonio has that same problem when the rains come. It's a complete mess everything floods all the under passes. <SEP> I didn't realize that Dallas had that same problem. We have it. Especially as rainy as it's been in the last couple of years. And there's a section in South Dallas that's had a whole lot of flooding problems because of the rain. We could use some rain up here. We're in the bottom of the fourth year of drought up here. <SEP> And they had a pretty good early Spring. And we got quite a bit of rain. But it wasn't enough to offset what they lost over the last four years. So they're still talking water rationing this Summer. So it would seem strange because in San Antonio. We had lived out west of San Antonio in Castroville. <SEP> And the water in Medina Lake and that area was really going down that they were considering that they might have to do water rationing. And I thought I'm so glad to get out of there and get up here to the California Pacific coast where it rains and everything has flowers. And there's no problem with water. And then I came here and found out they were in the four year draught. So I said this is pretty much like Texas. And it pretty much is in the middle of Summer. They have rolling hills around here. But they turn to golden dead grass for the majority of the Summer just because there is no water to keep them green. <SEP>. <SEP> But it's a really nice area. It's just such a change from Texas because I had grown up with the heat. And used to essentially. Like you said you have the cold Winter. And then you have the hot Summer Spring. <SEP> And to come here it's kind of the temperate weather all year round. It's kind of like Spring year round. And then in the Winter. And then it seems sort of like a San Antonio early Winter or Fall year-round. So it seems like we only have two Springs or two seasons. And that would be Spring and Fall. <SEP> We never really get any of the other ones. But it's a really nice change of pace. I guess I'd prefer that. <SEP> To the heat. I really don't miss the heat. We do a lot of. When you do a lot of outside running and stuff it's just so much easier up here. <SEP> And you don't have to worry about the high humidity. Does Dallas get high humidity? Or is it pretty dry. It's pretty dry. We get some when it's this rainy. But it's nothing like San Antonio Summers. It's nothing like Houston. <SEP> Or East Texas is a little more humid. It seems like San Antonio is increasing in humidity over the years. Because I had lived in San Antonio for about twenty years. <SEP> And it just seemed like every year it just got more and more humid. And here it's right by the ocean. But it's not the same as Corpus. Corpus you get that humid salty feeling in the air. <SEP> But here the water is extremely cold up here. You can lay on the beach all you want. But if you want to go wind suffering or diving or swimming you have to wear a wet suit. Because it's just extremely cold. And I. For some reason because of the cold ocean water the air is always cool. It's never humid or sticky or salty feeling. So I really like that about this area. And we just hadn't expected it. We were used to what gulf coast weather was like when we came here to Pacific coast weather. <SEP> It's just completely different. And it's much nicer. Probably the Pacific breezes make a lot of difference. It does. And the air doesn't feel anything like it does along the gulf coast region. But you. But we like it. So it's a nice change. So we'll be here a couple of years. And we thought we'll take advantage of it and see what all the Pacific coast is like. That's nice. <SEP> It's been good. My wife's originally from Virginia. And we lived there for about nine months. And that was a real change for me. I imagine. Virginia gets real humid doesn't it? Parts do. We're over in the western edge in the mountains. <SEP> And they have of course some pretty severe storms Winter storms snow and that type of thing. But they're so good about clearing the roads that it doesn't usually bother you very much. <SEP>. Not like Texas where everything comes to a stand still. Their Springs and Summers are pretty mild too. It never gets real real hot. I'll have to try that out because I had heard that North Carolina was sort of like that. <SEP> And I've just never really been in that region of the country. And I guess I'm going to have to try that area sometime and see what it's like. Because a lot of people that are from that North Carolina region really like it. And they get the snow. But they said it doesn't really get messy. And it doesn't really hang around that long. The people I know that are from there they always miss it. And they want to go back. Nothing seems quite as good. But anyway. As we were talking the weather came on. And there's a flash flood watch and more rain for the next three or four days. <SEP>. I hope it moves up this way. But I'm sure it won't. Maybe we can send you some. <SEP> Because we could sure use it. You think that takes care of the time and. I think that will do it. I sure appreciate hearing how things are going in Texas and. I enjoyed talking with you Lisa. <SEP> Good luck to you. You too. We'll see you. <SEP>
sw3539.txt:. Do you exercise regularly? There is. I am a school teacher. <SEP> And us. There is uh girl that went through our school district who does aerobics at the Y W C A. <SEP> Turn that off. I am recording. My husband just turned on something noisy. She comes to the school. And there are a group of teachers. And we exercise regularly for an hour. <SEP> And we do it twice a week. That is good. And we do aerobics for our cardiovascular fitness for thirty minutes. And then we do stretching and toning and cool down for another thirty minutes. <SEP>. So it is an hour. And then my husband and I take ten mile walks as often as possible. <SEP> And not on the nights that I do aerobics. But if he wants to he jogs. But we take the fast walks. And we walk a couple of miles and then come back to the house. And so we take it seriously. We enjoy doing it. <SEP> I enjoy my group at school. It is a lot more fun to exercise with somebody than is is to do it by yourself. <SEP> I use to exercise regularly. And I haven't lately. I have goofed off I guess. I use to also take an aerobics class about three days a week before work. <SEP> But I guess my job change my husband's job change and it is just not easy to get up early in the morning any more. I understand that. So. I have never been able to do it before. <SEP> The problem is that I am so tired at the end of the day. I just want to go home and not do anything. I and too. I just make myself. I get up at five thirty. And I am at school at seven thirty. <SEP> School is not over until four. And our class. But it is in the building. <SEP> That is the big difference. Because there are other people around that. You had better hurry. Go get dressed. There is motivation around there. And then we can change right there in the building. I don't have to drive and fight traffic and get anywhere. And I just go. And we exercise. And until then I have belonged to exercise clubs. And I have gone to these gyms in Plano and Richardson where they offer aerobics. <SEP> And I have done that before but it has always had to be late at night after I have got home and after dinner. And you are just kind of going Ugh. <SEP> And I have tried it immediately after school. Try to get some place and exercise from five to six. But then by the time you get home and you get dinner you are eating so late. That is right. That is right. That is a. It is. It is really hard with our life style when you work to. <SEP> I know some people go during lunch. But by the time I get over the gym and go for my class and shower and get back to work it is probably two hours or more. And that is just too long. I have twenty-five minutes for lunch. <SEP> That is out for me. That doesn't really do it does it? I don't think so. <SEP> And they are nice because if we are running late it usually. If things are kind of hectic at school and people are running late they kind of wait on us. Cause they know we are in the building and coming. Where as at another place you are paying a lot more money. And it does going to start whether you are there or not. <SEP> That is right. That is right. So this has worked out real nicely. In fact she charges us two dollars a session. That is not much. So it's. We pay her for six weeks at a time cause that is a unit in school report card period. <SEP>. And so it is twenty-four dollars every six weeks. <SEP> That is not bad. It beats memberships at some of these clubs. That is for sure. You are not kidding. <SEP> They are real expensive. I know. We belonged for a period of time to the Signature Club for about a year. We were paying a hundred dollars plus month for our family membership. <SEP> And at first we used it. And then it got where we weren't beginning to get out money's worth. And they offered lots of things. But we weren't taking advantage of them because we didn't have the time to. <SEP> So we decided to forget that. That was just a waste of our money. <SEP>. We have one through work. And it's probably about a hundred and fifty dollars a year. Which is bad. But I don't know. I still just don't end up going cause it isn't at a convenient time or something. But I need to do something. If it's only walk the dog or something. <SEP> I need to start doing that. It does make you feel better. The hard thing is getting going. That is right. And if you have somebody who will do it with you. For a long time my husband didn't want to walk cause he wants to jog. <SEP> But he decided that maybe.
sw3651.txt:I guess tonight's subject is woodworking. What kind of woodworking do you do? Do you. <SEP> Kind of mainly the woodworking I've done lately is made for example a little nativity scene. Not the whole figurines and so forth but mainly the stable put some shelves in and some odd stuff around the house. And so I enjoy doing a little bit of woodworking. And I do it out of hobby more than something I have to do. How about yourself? <SEP> I like to think of it as a hobby but I guess also partly out of necessity. Just repairing things around the house. A few years ago they needed some book shelves. And I kind of drew up some simple plans to make some book shelves. And it actually worked pretty well. And over the years I've refined those plans. I got myself a router. And I'm very good at making book shelves. <SEP> It's also a way of relieving stress. My wife kind of laughs at me that anytime I get stressed out I just go out in the garage and we've got more book shelves. I'll have to come and see them. That sounds like a good idea. I. And that is right. It is out of necessity. Because lot of the things that we can't be able to afford. But also I sometimes think that I enjoy doing that. And I like to get out and to work with my hands. And sounds like you got some real nice tools too. Do you think you would be able to do some more if you had more tools and different tools? <SEP> Little by little I started out with just basic hand tools and kind of added on to things. Gotten a good belt sander. And the router helps a lot because you can make better joints with a router. <SEP> The latest project that I've been working on is a cabinet to put a T V in. A entertainment type center? <SEP> And it works well because you can design it to suit whatever equipment you have. So I designed a space just the right size for the T V and then the V C R and shelves on the side for my stereo equipment. <SEP> And that's worked pretty well. With the router you can make nice. I guess dado joints is what it's called. Or. I. I'm aware of that. And it's. <SEP> And also with a router you can make ornamental facings too better than a just straight wood edge. And casings and so forth that are real nice. That's right. <SEP> That's right. So that's good. That's good. <SEP> But what I need next is a good table saw. And I debate whether it's better to get just a straight table saw or to get one of these rotary arm saws. <SEP> Radial arm saw is what they're called. It seems to me the radial arm saw is better. It takes up less room. <SEP> You set the wood down. And you move the saw. Whereas if you're ripping wood you're probably better off with a table saw. And with a radial arm saw if you do have a big piece of wood that you need to rip or cut you wouldn't be able to do that. But. A table saw does take a lot of space and is a pretty big investment. <SEP> And. That's partly my problem now. I don't have room for this. I. Where we lived before up north basements were common. <SEP> And I used to put all the stuff in my basement. But not so here in Texas. <SEP> They don't have basements. I'm from up north also. And. There's no basements down here. And it's kind of hard to get shop space unless you have a dedicated shop or a dedicated room for that. Lot of the equipment too that I've used in the past I've used in school. And I would. I don't know. I'd kind of like to look at equipment like a lathe or a table saw and some of those things that would make some pretty nice pieces of wood for different things for tables for chairs for decks and so forth. So I don't know. <SEP> I just enjoy woodworking. And I think the main thing is like you say it's a good out. It's an opportunity to get out and relieve some of the pressure that you feel day to day. And it's a great stress reliever. Have you ever used a lathe? In school I have. And I've made different things tables for chairs. And I've made bowls. And.
sw3541.txt:. You think you're getting your money's worth? Never. <SEP> The only thing I'm thankful of is that we don't have to pay any income tax in Texas. That's probably the next year's agenda. I tell you what. I sure hope they don't pass something like that. They're finding a way to tax you every time you turn around. And I think one way or the other we're going to pay for the bureaucracy I guess. It's one area that is really hurting the economy more than anything. I think every time you turn around they have taking more bite out of the dollars that are available for spending for any kind of products. And I think that is probably as big a item fueling the recession as anything right now. <SEP> I tell you. I remember every time it seems like we turned around they're adding another nickel or a few more cents onto the price of gasoline. That's right. That's right. <SEP> And actually that one the taxes on gasoline don't bug me as much as eight and a quarter percent sales tax? That's right. And every time you go to buy anything now. Even they tax food. That's the one that really kind of bothers me. I think that the problem with the sales tax of course is it's an unfair tax across the board as far as ability to pay which allegedly taxes are supposed to be directed towards. But now people with the lowest income pay a hundred percent almost of taxes on everything they buy and where people make two hundred three hundred thousand dollars a year certainly a portion of that they aren't going to be paying taxes on. And that's the unfair inequities of sales tax as a main source of revenue. But I don't think it is anymore not in Texas anyway. <SEP> I got you because people that don't make very much money wind up spending it all. That's right. That's right. Whatever they spent it on they have to pay tax on. That's right. That's right. And that's the unfairness of the thing. But I think taxes generally are unfair. So. <SEP> What do you think of that new luxury car tax anything over thirty thousand dollars? Like other things if they don't affect you you don't worry about them too much. I have trouble buying a twenty thousand dollar car still. So it doesn't. I think generally the prices of cars have gotten out of line which is. <SEP> And I guess if people got thirty forty thousand bucks to spend on a car that's their prerogative. I don't have a whole of sympathy on that. Maybe you buy that. And I don't mean to be knocking. I haven't. But to me it seems really interesting that they come along and add another ten percent tax on top of it. And there's an awful lot of cars that cost more than thirty thousand. There are. There are. And the idea of that kind of taxation is to have people think twice on putting their money into that unless they really want it buy something that. More it's just like having taxes on or exemptions for kids. It's a way of increasing the population that was one of the initial ideas of giving exemptions on kids on federal taxes. <SEP> And where you exempt things like one of the best things I heard on taxes to stimulate the economy someone brilliant deductor probably Lloyd Bentsen said that if they gave back the deductions on credit cards on your federal taxes people would probably be spending more money using their credit cards. <SEP> I don't know if that's true or not. But if you look on all interest things not just credit cards but on your cars and any kind of interest that you're paying from a personal point of view that might make certain sense in stimulating consumer purchasers. So that's a lot of the games that politicians play on where they want to go tax things that they don't to a degree like booze. Example they keep raising the taxes on booze. It gets to the point it makes drunks sober. They quit buying it. <SEP> What about the taxes on cigarettes?
sw2469.txt:What kind of hobbies do you have? Mostly what I do. I do some crafts like it mentioned in the thing. And then I read a lot. I like to read too. I was trying to think of some while it was talking about it. And then I. It took so long for someone to answer. I started reading the newspaper and kind of forgot about it. <SEP> But. I'd say reading is probably one of my biggest ones because it's the type of thing that you can do a little bit at a time whereas I would love to do crafts and stuff if I just had the time to do it or if I had the space. <SEP> I live in a pretty small apartment. And I would have to put stuff away. I have two cats. So I couldn't really leave it out if I was working on something. Reading is a little bit easier to work around. <SEP> You can pick it up and take it wherever you go. Any space. That's right. I get too involved in reading sometimes that I neglect what I should be doing. That's true. I do the same thing. <SEP> You get so involved in what you're reading. What types of crafts do you do? I do a little bit of woodworking. I used to. I don't have the equipment here. We moved to Dallas about a year ago. <SEP> And my dad had a lot of woodworking equipment. And I did some of that. Here I've mostly done things that I can do strictly by hand sewing and quilting and. What else have I done? Things to hang on the wall. <SEP> Mostly just stuff that I can use right around the house or give away as gifts. <SEP> I've been making a lot of quilts not a lot but several quilts lately. I enjoy sewing and needlework also. I've made some small things cross stitch things. And back when I was in high school I worked at a needlework shop. <SEP> And I used to do the latch hook rugs and needlepoint and things like that. And I still remember how to do it. It's just been so long since I've actually sat down and taken the time to do something like that. But I have recently done some cross stitch. And I enjoy doing that. It's just the same old thing. It's just getting the time to do it. <SEP> I've done some cross stitch. But I never count right. And I always have to either take it out or have my picture slightly off centered or something. It never has worked out completely. It takes a lot of concentration. It was the type of thing. I was making some little things for Christmas. And I also made a little thing for a baby gift. And I thought I can do this while I watch T V. <SEP> You must pay all attention to what you're doing. It is a lot more difficult than it seems like it would be. It took me quite a bit of time. I though this won't take long at all. But I was wrong. It took a while to do. But it was fun. I enjoyed it. <SEP> The first project I started out one was a big one. It was of a lady. And she was kneeling. And it was about fifteen by twenty maybe. And I. It was just too much to start with. And I still haven't finished it because I stopped. And I thought I better do some simple things and work up to this because it was just so difficult to get it done. <SEP> And there were so many different shadings and colors. And it was just too much to begin with. And kind of discouraged me from doing much more with it. That's pretty understandable. <SEP> And I've done some of the crewel and something similar to that. But it doesn't have the specific stitches. It's a little bit more loose and not quite as structured. And I like that a little bit better the variety of stitches and stuff in that. <SEP> More like embroidery or something. I'm trying to think of anything else I do as a hobby. I don't even watch T V very much. I was tonight. But. I was reading when you called. <SEP> How about movies. Do you like to go to movies? I do I do like to go to movies. And I have a V C R. So I like to rent movies. And right now I have the movie channel. So I've recorded quite a few movies off of that. Just I've kind of got a collection going of tapes now. And whenever I go visit my parents they're always saying bring some of your tapes. They always borrow a few of them. I was over there. They live in Duncanville. <SEP> And I was over there at Easter. And they said Bring some tapes with you. So they are always borrowing my tapes. But. <SEP> We. I like to do stuff with plants. I have a lot of plants in my apartment. And I've got a pretty small porch. But it's. I've got a few planters out there that I'll. In the winter time I usually plant some pansies in there. And then in the summer I'll plant petunias. Or something that's colorful. And that blooms a lot. But haven't done that yet. I kept thinking that it was going to get cold one more time. But I think we're probably past that now. I probably should go buy some. <SEP> I guess if I had a house I might enjoy gardening some. I'm not real crazy about pulling weeds and things like that. It's the hard work. I like the planting and watering is okay. <SEP> It's so nice though when you have a nice yard full of flowers. It's so beau-. We don't. We live in an apartment also. I've got a few plants here. But I'm not really knowledgeable. I feel real good if I water them. And they continue to grow. I feel like I've accomplished something. <SEP> So I enjoy it. But I'm just not experienced enough with. It. I don't know too much about it either. Mine's pretty limited to my little porch plants. And then the ones in my apartment half of which don't look real healthy. But I don't always get direct sun except in certain spots. <SEP> And so that's probably my problem there. But. Have you tried growing any fruits and vegetables or anything? I guess vegetables are in pots and stuff? I never have tried that just because I don't have that much space on this little porch here in this apartment or this little balcony. <SEP> And my other two pots are. They're pretty big. And I have enough plants in them that it takes up a lot of my porch area. So between that and the chairs and the barbecue grill and the fireplace wood there's no room for much else. But my dad used to grow tomatoes and things at the house. And I think when I was real little I probably had a finger in on that every time he did it and had to be out there and watch and that type of stuff. <SEP> But I've never really tried anything like that since then. I considered it last year. And this year both. But I haven't done anything about it. <SEP> So. I think it would be nice to just go out and pick some tomatoes off the porch. We get lots of sunlight here. And the porch is screened in. And it's pretty large. So I think. If I'd do something be motivated enough to do something it would work out well. <SEP> But there goes that motivation thing again. I enjoy playing with my cats. I don't know if you'd call that a hobby. But I have two cats. And I gave them a bath tonight. So they're a little bit angry at me. Can you put them right in the water? They didn't like it too much. <SEP> That's good. Right in the tub. And it helps because it's the time of the year that they're shedding a lot and cleaning cat fur off the couch and off the floor is not a hobby of mine. So I thought this'll help them shed. <SEP> And sure enough the fur just came off like crazy once I got them in the tub. So they're pretty content now. But they were mad at me for quite a while. They went and hid after they got dried off. <SEP> Sulked for a while. I like animals. But we don't have any yet. We have a nine month old with another on the way. <SEP> And we thought maybe when they're a little bit bigger then we'll. Or get into a house with a little more space. I'd love to have some animals. <SEP> But I like dogs. And my husband likes cats. So we haven't reached a real agreement on that yet. If we get a place where we can have both it'll be great. But until then. I like both. But since I'm in an apartment I don't think an apartment is big enough for a dog. To me dogs need a yard even little dogs. They just need a yard. Cats can deal with being inside all the time just fine. But I just think dogs need to be outside though. So. <SEP> I agree with you. I. If we were going to get anything now it would definitely be a cat or even a bird or a fish tank or. Something small. That's an idea. With the small babies. <SEP> That she can watch but won't take too much care. Because. Even a cat you never know when they might bite or scratch or something. They're not as likely to as a dog might I guess. But with little ones I'd be kind of scared to get anything that has teeth or claws. <SEP> Especially when they're not quite to the age of understanding that they're hurting. That. They grab hold with both hands and then just jerk. And if I was a cat or dog I'd respond probably by biting or something. I don't know. <SEP> That'd be my self defense. But I think we probably reached our time limit. Probably. And I'm out of good ideas for a hobby anyway. <SEP> It was good talking to you. Thank you for calling. <SEP>
sw2102.txt:My favorite probably all time T V show is STAR TREK. And I would it like that. I like the adventure of it. And the idea that we would survive long enough to get to that point and be able to do these fantastic things in space. <SEP> And then I like the. They have a new one now. The STAR TREK THE NEXT GENERATION. Which it's an all new cast but kind of the same idea going out to new places and doing new things and finding out about different people. And I've always liked that show probably the very best. <SEP> I think I've actually seen a number of STAR TREKS one way or another over the years. Although I never watched it regularly. I'm certainly acquainted with the characters. And then I've seen some of the STAR TREK movies. Those. The movies are good too. <SEP> And I guess most of the shows I like are kind of along the same line because they're all adventure. When I started thinking about this those are some of my favorite shows MCGYVER because it's only one person there instead of a cast of people. <SEP> But he's always going out and inventing new things out of scrap and grabbing what he can and pieces of baling wire and a few tires and all of a sudden he's got a hang glider. And. I don't think I've even heard of that show. You haven't? <SEP> It's called MCGYVER? And what is he? He's a semigovernment type agent. Who works for the Phoenix Foundation supposedly. <SEP> And his big thing is that he can take little bits and pieces of string and baling wire and turn them into fantastic different things. He took a car battery and some wire and two washers one time and made a welder. So he does all kinds of strange things like that. <SEP> Boeing ought to hire him and give him a junkyard and see if he could build a Seven Forty-Seven out of it. See what we can come up with. Do you like the news shows TWENTY TWENTY SIXTY MINUTES those kind of things? <SEP> I used to watch SIXTY MINUTES as a matter of fact. And I used to like the show very much. But unfortunately I find getting rid of your T V set you do throw out some of the baby with the bath water. Some of the little things. <SEP> And I just decided I had to do that. I think in part because it was easy for me to become addicted to it. I could just sit mindlessly in front of a T V set for hours. <SEP> And I just realized I was sort of like an alcoholic. If I didn't get the booze out of the house I was going to drink. I guess I haven't ever had any trouble with that. I have my favorite shows. And I usually make time in my day or my week to watch those. <SEP> But for the most part I have small kids and I try and keep it on just a minimum amount of time really when they're up. Because they're. I guess that falls. And one of my other favorite shows is SESAME STREET because of the kids. I like that real well. <SEP> When my kids were little I did have a T V set. And I did watch a lot of SESAME STREET and a lot of ELECTRIC COMPANY as well. I don't think they have that on anymore. That would be a shame. I haven't seen the ELECTRIC COMPANY in a long time. I remember it when I was younger catching it on P B S. But I don't think they show. It must be in. Maybe it's in. If it was in repeats. But they're not making new ones. <SEP> I haven't seen it in a long time. But SESAME STREET is still really good. How about MISTER ROGERS. Is he still around? They still show MISTER ROGERS. I don't think he's making new ones. But they repeat all the old ones. <SEP> I see. I see. So that's still a real good show too. I. That one tends to come on earlier in the day than I want to turn the T V on. SESAME STREET comes on from nine to ten which is a good time. And everybody is up and had breakfast and dressed and ready to go. So it's. The timing of it is good besides what's on. <SEP> I figure your children are preschool? I have two little ones. So they like that. <SEP> I seem to remember those shows being on in the afternoon. They come on both. They come on from nine to ten and then from five to six. They just repeat over again. Which is also. <SEP> Another thing that's good about it. When it comes on right in the dinner hour. I can feel like I can let them sit in front of the T V and watch. And they're watching something worthwhile while I can make dinner and do things I need to do without them under foot. <SEP> With little kids the T V set really is a. I used it as a pacifier. I'm not sure it was that great for my children. But they turned out okay. So. It didn't hurt them any. <SEP> Some shows are good for. I think some. STAR TREK I. For the imagination of it all. The idea I think that's one of the things I like about STAR TREK. And is the. For kids watching some of it can be a little violent sometimes and stuff. I don't let my little ones watch it. But the imagination of look what we can do in the future perhaps this will be possible. That kind of thing. <SEP>. I think we've covered most of my favorite T V shows. <SEP> I'm trying to think if I ever even had a favorite one at one time. Let's see how about MAN FROM UNCLE? I do seem to reme-. Is that the one where he always got this tape recording that self-destructed? That's MISSION IMPOSSIBLE. <SEP> MISSION. That's right. MISSION IMPOSSIBLE. I used to watch that. In fact I can still remember a couple of those. They were. I thought those were very good. They always have. I've seen some of them on repeats. That. They always had a good plot. <SEP> It kind of kept you guessing on what was going to happen next. You. How they're going get out of their latest scrape. <SEP> I do remember that. And I remember as a kid my parents watching the ED SULLIVAN Show. That was really the big deal in our household was the ED SULLIVAN SHOW. Every Saturday night? I guess it was a Saturday night. And I went to see the movie THE DOORS a couple of days ago. And they had this scene portraying THE DOORS' appearance on the ED SULLIVAN SHOW. <SEP> They even had somebody portraying Ed Sullivan. And it was very very funny. I think it was the funniest part of that movie. <SEP> I don't know. Was there any. I remember the MILTON BERLE SHOW even. I was. Ye-. I'm not old enough to recall that one. I guess I have to admit that I am. My T V viewing started sort of mid-sixties. So. <SEP> I see. My folks. I'm not even sure if we had one when I was really little. That may be why bu-. They probably didn't have a T V until I got to be grade school or so. And the shows that I like now they wouldn't let me watch. I had to catch them all on repeats. Like STAR TREK they thought that was much too violent for small children. So. <SEP> I ended up watching a lot of these things on repeats in the afternoons or something. That's interesting. I think it's interesting that parents think that their small children learn violence from TV. People were just as violent before T V was invented maybe even more so. <SEP> But I guess that's a different topic. Isn't it? Probably so. I think that's about covered it for me. So I think I'll say good-bye. And we'll talk another time perhaps. It was nice talking to you. Tell me where you're calling from. I'm calling from Garland Texas. <SEP> Garland Texas. I'm in Nor-. Where are you from? <SEP> I'm in Raleigh North Carolina. I didn't know they did it long distance. I hope they're trying to do it all over the country because they need to collect all kinds of different dialects. <SEP> It was nice talking to you. Same here. <SEP>
sw3993.txt:Do you do artistic painting? I do tole painting. You do? <SEP> I really love the tole painting. I haven't done any of the oil or watercolor. I would like to learn that someday. But right now my passion is tole painting. Do you do a lot of it? I took one class about three or four years ago. And I've done a little. <SEP> But it takes a lot of time. It does. It is real time consuming. And. Do you sell your projects? <SEP> Mostly I have just given them away as gifts. I've done perpetual calendars and cookie jar lids and on and on just things like that. But I would eventually like to make enough to sell and quit my job. <SEP> Where do you work at? I just work at Stop and Shop out there in Ogden. So. Do you ever send any of your stuff to the boutique? <SEP> I've wanted to do that but just haven't mass produced enough to do that. I have five children of my own. So it's. That keeps you busy. <SEP> They keep me busy. And tole painting is just something I do in my spare time. So. Have you tried any of the. Do you cut out your own projects? I have my own saws. And so I really enjoy doing that. Do you ever spray your projects with a base coat first. Or do you brush it on? <SEP> I brush it on. I haven't tried a spray varnish. I use just a wood sealer. I just bought a spray gun one of those high volume low pressure spray guns. <SEP> And I do a lot of woodworking. And that's what I bought it for. Do you? <SEP> But I haven't used it yet. That'ud probably give you a smoother finish wouldn't it? <SEP>. What type of woodworking do you do? Fine furniture. <SEP> Do you? That's why I bought the sprayer is to finish my projects. <SEP> That's my worst part of my woodworking. I get so sick of making. But it's hard to finish it. But spraying does put on a nicer finish. <SEP> That is interesting. What kind of equipment do you have? For woodworking? Let me see. Table saw scroll saw band saw lathe routers. And -t's about it. <SEP> It sounds like you're really into it. That is nice. It is. I just have a scroll saw and a jig saw. And I am really anxious to get a band saw and a router. The band saw is really nice. I have an Inca. I don't know if you've ever heard of those. <SEP> But it's nice to have the right equipment. That makes it easier doesn't it? <SEP> Have you sold any of your furniture. Or just. Not. Mostly I do like you do give it away as gifts. <SEP> But Making my own furniture. <SEP> That's interesting. Did you take classes to learn how to do that? Just in junior high. And then I just kept on through high school and then got my own equipment kept up with that. <SEP> So yours is mostly just a hobby too then. <SEP> That is interesting. I really would love to go take a class in woodworking and learn how to. I don't know if I necessarily want to do furniture. But mostly just do more. The shelves and. <SEP> The woodworking. For your tole painting. <SEP> So it's fun. I guess I'll let you go now. <SEP> They come on. We're supposed to talk until they come on and tell us. They do? So this is my first one. You're probably a veteran at this. <SEP> It has been really fun. I've enjoyed this. Like I say I've made a couple of calls to Texas and just talked to all different kinds of people. <SEP> So I think you'll enjoy doing it. It's fun. Sounds fun. Where do you buy your tole painting paints at around here? <SEP> There's a shop in Roy that I really love. And it's there by the Copper Mill restaurant used to be the Hayloft. I am not famil-. We live in Roy. But we haven-. Is it on nineteen hundred? Let's see. I'm trying to think of the name. I know where fifty-six hundred south is. <SEP> I don't right off. Is that Ben Franklin then? Ben Franklin.
sw3215.txt:This is a subject that you never think you'll be assigned to. One that kind of comes up when you've lost the other subjects. As I was sitting there I thought the weather's been perfect. I don't know much to say about it. It's. For the balloon festival here in Plano it was just gorgeous. <SEP> I'm from Plano also. Are you? It couldn't have been better. That's right. It didn't foul one launch. And that's kind of unusual. And it's kind of cold in the mornings. So you dress up warm. But by. <SEP> That's the only thing wrong I can find with it. I just got back from Dayton. I spent the weekend in Ohio with my family. How fun. <SEP> And the trees are changing color there. I miss that. So that. As soon as we got out of the cloud cover. Of course it wasn't sunny like it is here. It was real gray. <SEP> But as soon as the plane got through the clouds. And I saw all those trees. It just really made me realize how much I miss the fall. I don't complain weather wise though because it was also thirty-five degrees there yesterday morning. <SEP> And the high was only fifty. And it was supposed to drop and get sleet in the afternoon. So it was nice to get off the plane where it was in the seventies. I guess you have to take some things and leave some things. <SEP> That's right. I'm from Utah area. And they have tons of canyons where the leaves change. And they're gorgeous. You could spend every weekend of the fall going to a different area. <SEP> We did that when we lived up in Michigan. We went up to the upper peninsula. And they actually printed out maps of routes you could take so you would get maximum leaf exposure. And then on leaf weekends which is this time of the year it's bumper to bumper traffic. People as. Whoever was driving could never have a prayer of looking at the leaves because they had to keep watching the road. It's kind of hazardous for driving. <SEP> That's for sure. But I can't complain. I don't know if I've been spoiled. I've been thinking it's getting cold sooner than normal. We've only lived here a couple of years. I think it is. And my family said that in Ohio there was just an article on at the T V news that they are three weeks ahead of schedule as far as the coldness of the temperatures and the first frost. <SEP> Everything just happened three weeks early this year. We'll have to see how it goes. A couple of weeks ago we were cooler than normal. But then we're back to being warmer than normal this week or last week. So. Just so we don't have one of those famous ice storms in the spring. <SEP> I don't have to live through any of those really. A bad. Nothing comparable to what you've had before. I've only been here just a short time too. So I haven't been through any of those either. <SEP> So. I have in Michigan. But in Michigan you can get twelve inches of snow. And life goes on. You're right. So as I understand it here if there's anything they'll call off schools and close businesses. They get ice. And no one can drive on ice. <SEP> We used to think they were pansies. But then when you decided what ice was. The real definition of ice. So I think we've discussed it good enough today. <SEP> I think so. It was good talking to you. It was nice talking with you. Maybe we'll get the next time. <SEP> Take care. <SEP>
sw2130.txt:I would like to talk about just briefly What happened over there in Saudi Arabia in the political context. I think it's refreshing to see the support that the President got from the American people. It. We. I read an interesting article in the paper that discussed that. Seemed that every other time a President tried to get support for an action like President Carter and his thing with the hostage crisis he always did it through rhetoric. <SEP> And this time President Bush did it through action. And he drove policy by the course he took and almost forced public support. <SEP> Or he left almost no alternative. That's right. <SEP> And it was very interesting how he did it. And I'm an Air Force Officer. So it was interesting for me. I'd certainly. I think it's great that all the support. I have friends of mine from the Air. I'm an engineer and work in the Rolm Laboratory. <SEP> But other guys here on base. This is a B fifty-two base where I work. So we had about a thousand people gone from the base that went over there. And they're getting a tremendous amount of support out of it. That's great. If you remember the vote in the Congress to authorize war if necessary was actually pretty close. <SEP> It was. And if if my memory serves me right I believe a majority of Democrats may even have opposed it. It was. I'm. I don't know the exact figure. But I would imagine that because of how close the vote was almost certainly would have to be. Just based on the disparity of Democrats and Republicans in Congress he'd think that it would have to have been. That's right. <SEP> And I. This whole thing now with all the political cartoons on the Democrats and how they're in a sad way for ninety-two now in terms of the presidential election anyway. Especially the ones that came out and said come on guys let's talk about this little while longer. <SEP> How many years are we going to wait. And what do you do with the people that are over there in the mean time. I think that was. All those factors played a part in the. No doubt. <SEP> Everyone was discussing whether we should wait longer. But I know that there's a lot of reasons to wait longer. But I think we were genuinely concerned about their military capability. And I think we over estimated it. But still we were really highly concerned about it. I think so too. And we were worried that they were getting dug in. And. They were. <SEP> And in fact they were so well dug in that when we sent our tanks around behind them they couldn't get turned around in time. They couldn't. It's true. They. Saddam thought he had the whole thing figured out to which way we were coming and what our doctrine was. Had we done a frontal assault it probably would have worked more to his favor. <SEP> That's right. That's true. That's interesting. I think this political situation over there now is. It'll be interesting to see what comes out of it whether this opposition will. Today the Turks agreed to support the Kurds which is something they've never done before. And this. Interesting. The Arabs all of a sudden are cheering for Baker on his drive to reconcile relations with the Israelis. So it's like. Baker is really not very much pro Israel. <SEP> I. And did you know John Sununu is half Arab? I think I did hear that at one time a long time ago. <SEP> Because I used to live in Massachusetts. But. In fact when he was Governor of New Hampshire I believe. New Hampshire. I believe he was the only one of fifty governors that voted against some kind of resolution of support for Israel a few years back. <SEP> And now he is a conservative. But he is not a conservative that favors Israel. And that concerns me greatly. <SEP> I don't. I'd certainly support Israel in their policy in defending themselves and in their handling of their foreign policy. I think the stand they have or the way the command respect. I support that. I think that is a positive thing for them after thousands of years. They ha-. I think they in. When they became a country they more or less decided they weren't going to take it anymore. And. They didn't have much choice. They could either fight or die. And so. I lost my train of thought here. So. So I can't say that I'm pro Israel or anti Israel. I'd like to see them resolve something in that situation and get some stability in the region. And looks that the joining of forces for this Desert Shield and Desert Storm thing ended up being a positive thing. It is a positive thing. However every time an organization such as the P L O says we'll see if we can work with Israel then they get embarrassed every few months by documents that reveal that their ultimate purpose is to totally eliminate them. <SEP> And so you basically have mutually exclusive interests. Either Israel is going to occupy the area. Or the Arabs are going to occupy the area. And I'm just not sure that there's going to be any easy permanent solution. Somebody's going to. And I think that's the problem the P L O has is that whenever one group of them decides that they're going to negotiate or they're going to do something they're going to try to make some peace the end result is that there so many factions of them some more violent than others some with a certain agenda different than the others or they split. They end up becoming divisive themselves. <SEP> I. It's interesting. It is. I'm looking forward to seeing what happens over there in the next couple of months. But that's. I commend Israel for their restraint in not responding to the Scud attacks. <SEP> I know. That is almost. That's absolutely unprecedented. That was an incredible foreign policy coup on the part of the President and the State Department. <SEP> And that's never happened before. And I don't know if it will ever happen again. But. May not. It's been fun I enjoyed talking with you. <SEP> I guess maybe the computer will pair us up together another time. You never know. <SEP>
sw2759.txt:. Have you ever been drug tested? That's a good question. I had a job I had to go get a blood test for. <SEP> <SEP> And they did a full blood screen on me. But they didn't call that a drug test. So tha-. I think they checked for drugs. They just don't tell you they did. <SEP> I've had two or three drug tests that I had to get before I could start working at different jobs. I had one at T I and then one at another engineering company. And I don't mind them. I don't do drugs anyway. I guess if I did maybe I would. But I don't know. I know a girl that she's a nurse. And they get drug tested randomly. I've never been randomly drug tested. <SEP> But that would probably bother me to wake up one day and find out halfway through the day that you're going to be drug tested and you didn't know about it. I guess it depends on if you got something to worry about. I guess so. I guess so. Do you think that it's right? I come from kind of a biased opinion because I'm a therapist and a drug and alcohol counselor. <SEP> And I've done employee assistant work. And I know the kind of cost businesses go through in terms of accidents on the job that are specifically drug and alcohol related. <SEP> And it's in the billions of dollars every year. And the only way that they can prevent that is making sure that the employees are drug and alcohol free. That's true. And the problem in the work place is that people are. If your boss is your drinking buddy or whatever you can come to work drunk and get in an accident. And he'll cover up for you. And nobody knows about it. <SEP> But ends up costing the company lots and lots of money. That's true. <SEP> I believe it's right especially for certain jobs. <SEP> I think anyone in a public job like bus drivers and cab drivers and police officers and things like that. I think they should be randomly drug tested. <SEP> I believe full force in that. I don't know that I believe every secretary in every company needs to be. <SEP> Secretaries aren't really going to cost the company that much money if they fall face forward in their typewriter or something. So I don't know. I'm kind of biased too because I don't do drugs. And so I really don't care one way or another if anybody wants to pull me up tomorrow and test me. Because I have nothing to worry about. <SEP> So I guess that's kind of biased. I think one of the problems with it is it affects a lot of other folks on the job if somebody else is impaired. It does. Because generally you know it. You find out one way or another if somebody's got a problem on the job. <SEP> That's true. And like you say even if it's just the secretary. If her work or abilities start affecting her co-workers then it's still a problem. <SEP> That's true. But what do you do about the occasional user that may have gone to a party three days before. <SEP> And it's been the whole weekend since they've done anything. And they happen to be tested Monday morning. And they could be fired for that? That's kind of unfair also. I guess it comes with the turf. I guess so. I guess if you're going to do it you need to suffer the consequences. And in terms of drugs they're illegal. So you're breaking the law anyway. <SEP> That's true. That's true. Probably the biggest problem with those is they don't do a real good job of assessing for alcohol. <SEP> That's true. And that's probably the biggest problem there is. I think so more than drugs. And I know a lot of companies that will put you in an alcohol rehabilitation before they would put you in a drug rehab. <SEP> They would pay for an alcohol. But they don't always pay for drug rehabilitation. I guess that's one of the positive things that have come out of it some of the employee assistance program. If you do test positive for something they will give you an opportunity to go get your life straight rather than to lose your job. <SEP> That's true. And I. <SEP> I think that's fair. Th-. I think the company benefits in the long run. <SEP> That's true. That's about all I have to say on it. What kind of testing do they do when you went? <SEP> It's a urine test. Urine screen. And they. <SEP> It was really very official. You have to go in a room solely by yourself sign papers that say you were totally alone sign papers that say this is yours. And you have to seal the bottle yourself and label it yourself and all of that. <SEP> So that they're sure that you haven't borrowed anybody's or something. That happens. I know. <SEP> It's hard to believe. It happens a lot. But I guess it does. There are people that pay other people to help them out. <SEP> I know. I'm amazed at the things people will do. <SEP> It is amazing. I guess there are people that do that. And those are expensive tests. I'm glad I never had to pay for one. <SEP> It depends really on how strong a test it is. They've got different degrees as far as how far back they can check. I guess so. They got some unusual things besides blood and urine tests. They've some companies that are doing hair tests. <SEP>. That. They'll pull out one of your hairs. And they can apparently test back a certain period of time. Because some of the residue ends up in your hair follicles. How weird. I didn't know that. It's kind of. <SEP> That's weird. Hair follicles are just dead protein. And they. And it's apparently almost like a calendar. They've got it pretty precise now. They can go back and look at in terms of growth in a hair when you used and that type of thing. <SEP> That's wild. It's amazing the things they can find out from different things on your body. So I guess if they perfect that is not quite as cumbersome as having to go fill a bottle or give blood or something like that. <SEP> That's true. That's true. I'm glad I never had to do it by giving blood. I can't stand the thought of giving blood. <SEP> I can't even do it for Wadley even though it's a good cause. I enjoyed talking to you. I did too. <SEP> Thank you.
sw2554.txt:What do you think about it? Most of the stuff up until now in the recent months I don't have any problem with. I don't either. <SEP> It's. It. I don't think it's going to change very much. But. I agree with that. As far as the mess that's developing as a result. As a country the United States. I think our hands are tied as far as any further involvement until the U N sanctions it. <SEP> In fact it really was to begin with. <SEP> And I heard a comment on the radio this morning that it gets to a point where if enough people are going to be slaughtered over there over the internal problems somebody may step in again. But I really think it's a U N issue at that point because it is internal. <SEP> The funny thing I find about American opinion is that when we have gone in to destabilize a government before the American public goes crazy. And now the fact that we're not interfering with the internal rebellion in Iraq they're going crazy. <SEP> That's right. That's right. You can't please them one way or the other. And I think that I agree with you. This is exactly the right course. That's an internal problem to Iraq. It has nothing to do with us. <SEP> And until he starts doing something so inhumane that the U N gets involved then it's nobody's business. That's right. <SEP> These types of internal things go on all over the world all the time. All the time. Some of them have been going on for tens of years if I understand it right in places like the Sudan and. <SEP> And it's certainly been going on over there for hundreds of years. And it's going to continue. <SEP> That's right. As long as you have so many diverse groups that are vying for power it's going to happen all the time. That's absolutely right. The Kurds have tried it before. They've gotten their butts kicked. <SEP> And this is just another time that it's happening. That's absolutely right. They'll regroup out in the mountains. And they'll try it again in a couple of years. <SEP> It was. It's a very opportune moment for them to try. You. And I don't have any doubt that through some back channels that we encouraged it. <SEP> But I'm not real sure that we promised them anything. I. That would have been stupid. <SEP> And I don't think we did it. Everything else we handled in this seemed to be perfectly right. I don't think they would have done that. I agree. But it really doesn't make any difference. This is just another chapter in Middle Eastern history. <SEP> And there are many of them. There's no doubt about it. The British occupied the place. The French occupied it. We've done it. It's happened so many times. This is really nothing special. And so many of the conflicts really don't have a basis in politics or human rights or anything like that. It's religious based. That's right. It's mostly religious anyway. <SEP> And by self-proclamation this is a holy war. And it is right. And then we go on from there. And. <SEP> It's a mess. It's. There's no doubt about it. And. I think one of the big problems. Looking at it from the American public's standpoints they don't understand the Middle Easterners. That's right. They don't understand what. Their politics really isn't politics. It's religion couched as politics. <SEP> And there's a big difference. We sit there. And we think that they think the way we think. <SEP> And that's a big mistake because they don't. You bet. <SEP> You bet. Because there's a complete different set of values. There's different value placed on human life possessions and everything else. <SEP> And what's right is wrong and what's wrong is right in some cases. That's it a lot of the time. I was stationed in Turkey for a year and a half. <SEP> And it was tough understanding those folks. <SEP> They're so completely different culturally and socially and religiously. It was very strange. <SEP> I believe it. It was very interesting. I can believe that. I don't claim to have an in-depth understanding by any means. But. I. I think some of these people that they claim as Middle Eastern experts don't have a clue sometimes. <SEP> That's probably true. That's probably true. They sit there and read their books and then proclaim themselves an expert. I'm not real sure that's appropriate. <SEP> That's. A little bit of background study has never made an expert in any field. But. I sort. That sort of goes to my pet peeve about the education system in this country too. <SEP> And we make experts by reading books. That's right. And the Japanese and the Germans and everybody else make experts by doing. <SEP>. I guess you work for T I. <SEP> That's right. So you guys are well aware of the problems with the Japanese markets and everything else. That's an everyday occurrence. It's like our car industry. The only reason our car industry hasn't gone down the tubes is because the Japanese came into it and helped us out. <SEP>. <SEP> I agree. It's an overall problem in this country understanding foreign cultures or even accepting them. <SEP> And it bites us over and over. Again the. And until we start changing our educational system. We're we've already been overtaken. But it's going to get even worse later. Looks who's getting the engineering degrees and the math and the science and everything. <SEP> That's right. It's not us. That's right. We've got folks running around here who get degrees in basket weaving and underwater psychology or some ridiculous stuff like that. <SEP> <SEP> And where are the engineers coming from? They're coming from various places. And a lot of them are going back there. <SEP> That's. My roommate is a. He's getting his doctorate in industrial. It's not industrial engineering. It's human factors. His degree was in industrial engineering. <SEP> I see. And he's from the Philippines. And the only reason he came here was because the education is so much better for those who will go after it. <SEP> He has no intention of going back to the Philippines because there's no jobs. But I see it all too often. We've got loads of foreign students. <SEP> And they're coming here going after the hard degrees. And then they're going back to Korea and Japan and Hong Kong and everywhere else. And they're applying it there. <SEP> That's right. And I don't know. To me it's amazing. I don't know what we're going to do as a country. We're going to become dependent on these other folks sooner or later. Every. The country's got a problem with quarterly reports and annual statements and things like that. <SEP> And the long-range views are just kind of become a thing of the past. You. And. I don't think there can be anymore long range planning. I think it's sticking your finger in the holes in the dike. <SEP> Here's a crisis. Let's plug it up. I don't know. I don't know what the answer is. It's far beyond me. <SEP> That's for sure. That's the way things have gotten. All we can do is keep plugging. I wonder. I read in the paper just last week I B M's unveiling their new laptop computer. <SEP> At a price tag of six thousand bucks I don't know if they're going to have a whole lot of takers. Be-. I have the I B M P S two. <SEP> But I'm sorry I got it. It's slow. There are many better machines on the market right now for a. <SEP> The only reason I got it is because I got it through an educational purchase plan through the school. <SEP> And I saved forty-eight percent. So I said if I can have an I B M for forty-eight percent discount I'll take it. <SEP> But up to that point I had always said I would never have one because I wouldn't pay that kind of money for their name. That's right. But. <SEP> That's absolutely right. You watch. Just sure as anything the Japanese are going to come out with a laptop at half the price with more stuff on it. <SEP> The. Unfortunately the way the high tech market goes by the time you can get something in your hands. It's already outdated. <SEP> It's obsolete. And we fight that battle every day here at work. I can imagine. <SEP> And. Years ago I remember when I had a T I ninety-nine. Put all the money into the expansion box and all this that and the other. And things just kept changing so much. And I kept getting rid of them. And I finally said you can't do this. <SEP> That's right. You've got to buy something and stick with it. So I just. That's right. At an opportune time I got one that suited my needs. And I've just stuck with it. The only thing I've done to it is just add a mouse and a hard drive. <SEP> And that's all I plan to do. Of course I'm limited on memory now because I've got the low line. I got the model twenty-five. So I'm stuck with six forty. But I'm not a power user. So it doesn't matter. <SEP> That's the key whatever works for you. And if it does the job then that's what you need. My roomie on the other hand he is a power user. <SEP> He's looking now to get rid of his. He's got a three eighty-six and wants to get a four eighty-six. This kind of stuff.
sw2877.txt:Do you have any pets now? I sure do. I have a cat and a dog named Joey. Joey. The dog is Joey? <SEP> The cat is. He's the little boy Pomeranian. <SEP> And we just got a new addition to the family. We also have a fish. It's a mud dog. I beg your pardon. <SEP> It's a mud dog. It's a cross between a catfish and a salamander. Did you all catch it. Or. <SEP> We have a cat Stripper. The mud dog. Did. Did you catch the fish? <SEP> We had a friend give it to us. And it's all alone in that aquarium. We'd like to get him a friend. But we haven't found one yet. So how about you. Do you have any pets? At the present time I have two dogs. <SEP> What kind? An English setter. That's the white dog with the feathers. And it has yellow spots on it which they call liver spots. <SEP> And that's a male. And I have a wonderful female lab black lab. How long have you had them. Quite a long time probably five or six years. And unfortunately the black lab that's a female it's the most wonderful animal we've ever had. An i-. When she was about three years old we noticed that she was having problems limping and so forth. And she has hip dysplasia. <SEP>. And it's in that breed. <SEP> But now I think there are tests that can be conducted to tell whether or not the puppies have it. But I think. I don't know. Apparently they've been so inbred or what. But. <SEP> Is that right? N-. I'm not sure that's the situation. But it. For those dogs that are registered. And if you should have one that also has hip dysplasia you can not breed it. I had no idea. I didn't even know that. But she's wonderful. <SEP> Our dog Joey has a back problem. Ha-. What are the symptoms? He's got a bad back. But he's seven. I guess he's almost eight years old. <SEP> He just. He doesn't. He rolls o-. He doesn't like to roll over. E-. You just. When you touch him a certain way on the back. <SEP> But otherwise he can jump just as long as he doesn't bend a certain way. I have had just wonderful luck with this lab. When i-. Let's see winter before last we would bring her in when it was cold. And she wouldn't. I. The next morning you want to take them out. And she wouldn't. I couldn't get her up without picking her up which it was pretty hard to do at eighty pounds. <SEP> I bet. Until. If I allowed her to not get up on her own it'd be two o'clock in the afternoon. Anyway I met my son's college roommate is a vet. And he said let's give her some race horse shots. And in. I'm kind of glad to be able to tell people about this because you all the time run into people with problems. <SEP> That's when we lived in Oklahoma. So he gave this dog a series of. It's. They give it to race horses to get rid of cartilage. And it's called. Anyway it's a series of six shots once a week. And then I noticed after two shots she was. <SEP> Do you have to give those? I could have. But I can't give a shot. I. Believe me I understand. I took her from Enid Oklahoma to Oklahoma City every week for six weeks. <SEP> And after the second shot she was significantly better. Then I didn't notice any improvement till after the sixth one. And ever since. And he said a booster every year or two maybe every six months or something like that. <SEP> And when I notice in the winter when it's worse it's cold weather and so forth then I have gotten a booster for her. But not many people in this part of the country know anything about. I've had to get it from Oklahoma. They've heard about it. But they've really never used it. <SEP> I've never heard anything about it either. So dogs that get down in the hips. I think German Shepherds do it and probably large dogs. And it's just wonderful. <SEP> Does he get. Is he an inside dog also. Or does he just run out in the backyard? Is he fenced in? We're living now in an area where we're in the woods. And we take walks. I just don't let them go away from me. <SEP> But we take walks through the woods twice a day. That's nice. And I can over do it on her. <SEP> But anyway at least she can go. And she's not limping along and all that. Tell me about your cat. <SEP> Stripper he started out being a little orphan. And we took him in. And he's about two years old now. And he loves his treats. Both Joey and Stripper get treats. And let's see. And is Stripper an inside cat or outside? He's outside. And he's got a way to get in. <SEP> He's got free access of a window we like to keep open. So he gets to go in and out whenever he wants to. Of course. <SEP> That's nice. They. Joey on the other hand is a little different. He has to go out whenever we ask him. And when we ask him he barks. He'll either bark for food or he'll bark to go out. And he'll tell you which one he wants. He's been through obedience school. He just can. He has been trained. And you've kept it up haven't you. <SEP> It is wonderful. I have some neighbors across the field. And they. When we first moved here when the dogs and I didn't fe-. We have a very nice kennel and everything. But since I didn't want to. I just wanted to let them be able to be free for a while. So I kept watch and never let them get away. But now every couple weeks one would slip away. And my neighbor said to me I noticed those dogs are so well trained. Anytime they hear your voice they come. So that made me very proud. <SEP> Have we been talking five minutes? I'm not for sure. I'm not either. But. <SEP> I think maybe we have. But. It sounds like you keep your pets for pleasure. Have you ever done this before? <SEP> I haven't ever called. I've put in the paper work I just never made the call. I didn't know if they stop you when the time is up. Or. They don't. I glanced at the clock when we started. And I think it's been probably about five and a half minutes or something. But one day I was talking to a lady about gardening. And I love gardening. And she did too. And after about twelve minutes or something the recording came on and said that was the end of the tape. <SEP> <SEP> At least you know you did your part. But it's been so much fun too talk. How did you get into this. My best friend in Virginia's daughter is a part of this project in Texas. <SEP> I see. And so she knew that I had the time and would enjoy it. That's true. <SEP> I. But I have a hard time getting anybody because. Do you work. I do. And probably just got home. <SEP> So during the day I me-. I thi-. And I understand also they want men. I was going to tell you the same thing. They're really looking for a lot more men to participate. My husband does. <SEP> Does he. I need to. I've got some applications. I need to hand them out. But this is a great project that they're working on. And it's really going to lead the way for a lot of applications and development in the voice area. I think so too. And I haven't helped them out on men particularly. But my husband probably has made a few more calls than I have because I tend to not make them around dinner time. <SEP> I try to make them during the day. But nobody's home. This is the perfect time for me. <SEP> Maybe I'll get you next time. It so much fun to talk to you. Have a good one. You too. <SEP>
sw2724.txt:What do you do to exercise? S-. I weight train three days on and one day off. <SEP> I ride bicycles fifteen twenty miles maybe three times maybe four times a week. I play basketball couple times a week. I play softball one night a week. That's what I do. What about yourself? That's pretty impressive. I guess I bicycle. The amount varies. As much as a hundred and fifty miles a week. <SEP> I guess a play softball one night a week. And I backpack a lot over the summer. That's about the extent of it. I don't do any of those things particularly for exercise. But I guess the bicycling is the one thing I'll sort of do if I feel like I need to go exercise. But I do it mostly for fun. <SEP> What do you ride a bunch of hills or pretty flat? It varies. Out near my house is pretty hilly. But sometimes I bike to work which is about a fifteen mile trip each way. And that's mostly flat. How long does that take you to get to work? About forty-five fifty minutes. <SEP> How does that work out with storing your bike and showering and all that? It can be a pain. Basically I work on a campus. So I can store my bike in my office and walk across the campus to the gym use the shower there. But it's enough of a pain that I did it consistently one year. I would commute every day. But it just became such a pain. We're talking forty-five fifty minutes for biking and sometimes longer if you had adverse wind. And then another half an hour to cool down and take a shower and all this kind of stuff. <SEP> It was a big hunk of the day. And then of course another hour to get back home. So I've been doing that less and concentrating more on light biking when I get home on the evening and then some more on the weekends. Do you ride a lot of rallies or a lot of those around there? Not so much. I guess mostly I bike on my own. I've got a touring bike. Though I haven't gone on any extended trips with it. <SEP> How about you. What kind of biking do you do? Actually my wife just got me into it. And I did an internship at the Institute for Aerobics Research in Dallas the Cooper Clinic. <SEP> And I learned all the health benefits of. I was a solid weight trainer. And all I did was weights and aerobic exercise. And then my wife got me into the aerobic exercise and said you really need to do it. So once I got into this internship I learned all the physiological advantages to it. <SEP> So I began a program probably three or four weeks ago. And I did my first bike rally this Saturday. I did forty miles. And that's the longest I've ever ridden so far. I usually fifteen or twenty. <SEP> And it was kind of hilly. And it was pretty tough. But I'm looking at doing a lot more of it because my wife is really into it. I see. And I kind of held her back a little bit this weekend. She wanted to go go go. But she wanted to stay with me. <SEP> It's good to have a partner. It really is. Are you think of doing any centuries or. <SEP> That would be cool sometime if I could work up to that. I just wondered if you were going to do that mostly or more touring from Vermont or that kind of thing. People seem to get into different aspects. One is more of a distance. And one's more just. They want to put some equipment on their bike and go for a tour. <SEP> I've never really looked into that. That's. My wife would just love that. And I may do that sometime. There again I'm just kind of a fledgling into this. <SEP> It's kind of funny. I called this number. And I was just reading through a bicycle magazine and going through all the different tours coming up. Around Texas you got about five or six. If you live around the Dallas area you got five or six every weekend to choose from. Because they're really into it. That's nice. <SEP> Bicycling is really big here. I didn't know that until I came down here and kind of caught the fever. <SEP> Because I lived in Indiana all my life. And you may see one or two guys on a bicycle that or above the age of fifteen or something. <SEP> But other than that it's nothing up there like it is down here. I'm not sure why that is. Generally in the Midwest it seems to be less much less. Maybe it's because of the winters. Or maybe just because there's a lot more flat lands out in the West. <SEP> So it makes biking a better alternative for transportation. There's a lot of bikers around here. It's really neat. <SEP> There are a lot of resources a lot of magazines and stuff. Little TEXAS BICYCLIST is a little newspaper that comes out every month. It's free. Just go to the bike shop and pick it up. And it's got all the rides coming up. So I guess I'm going to be busy about every Saturday this summer going to a different ride. That's terrific. <SEP> See a little bit of Texas I've never seen before. So how long have you been biking? I guess as an adult for just about the past three years or so. I guess last time I did it before that was college which was about ten years ago. <SEP> And. I guess I just never really thought about it much for a while until I suddenly discovered all my friends were basically biking a lot. And so I thought I'd try it too. Have you ever had a blood workup done recently or since you've been biking to see if it. I haven't. <SEP> Because from what I understand it really improves your cholesterol. And it kind of knocks down two of the big risk categories for coronary artery disease which is low cardiovascular fitness and also the cholesterol. <SEP> It gives you increased H D Ls and decreases your L D Ls. That's great. So. I've definitely noticed it's had a good effect on my pulse rate my resting pulse. <SEP> It gets it down to about forty. <SEP> That's good. You say you ride about a hundred hundred fifty miles a week? <SEP> That's hard-core. On average. When do you get to begin with the winters and all that? What time of the year do you usually embark on your. Do you ride inside if you can't ride outside? I'm not that hard-core. There are some people. In fact a lot of people will ride outside in the snow. They've got a mountain bike with the big knobby tires. <SEP> And I don't do that. I pretty much lay off for the winter. I was thinking of getting rollers for the last winter because it will help your balance when you're indoor training. <SEP> But I just more or less stocked an exercise bike and that kind of thing. But. Winters are kind of a problem. So I'm more or less out of shape now that I've been biking this year for just a couple of weeks. But up here it's only stopped snowing since then. <SEP> But. It's pretty good. It's. The main thing for me is just to enjoy it because once it starts seeming like exercise and a chore I'll lay off it more. So you change up your routes a lot and keep a. I try to go someplace pretty different every week. I rotate around about four different routes from my house. Or I'll sometimes come in the school. It's nice riding to school because it's all along a canal path. Because it's along the Erie Canal up here. <SEP> What school is it? University of Rochester. So it's fairly picturesque. <SEP> So it's a good ride. As long as you're not doing it every day it's a good ride. That's true. Sounds neat. <SEP> It's kind of. I was wondering if I was going to talk with someone that never has exercised before and doesn't want to and everything else. But got a guy that rides a hundred and fifty miles a week. That's motivating. That's really good. Good talking to you. It was good talking to you. <SEP> And keep up the good work. You too. Take care. <SEP>
sw2627.txt:Do you do a lot of cooking in your family? I do some every now and then. I work. And my wife's home during the day. So she usually ends up doing most of it. <SEP> When I was single we used to always cook around the house. Do you like to cook. I really like it. <SEP> There's a few dishes. I grew up with having Polish and Ukrainian food. And my wife she likes Italian and stuff. <SEP> So we definitely have different tastes. So. But that's neat though because you get to have different stuff. <SEP> I'm a pretty bad cook. I'm pretty bad. My husband is really good. He put himself through college working in restaurants. And he's much better cook than I am. So when I was home I still cooked a lot. And I was in to a lot of vegetarian stuff. And now I went back to work about a year and a half ago. So one of the things that he took over was the cooking. And the kids are thrilled. They're really happy that I don't cook anymore. They're preferring it now. <SEP> They say dad let dad cook mom. Let him do it. But so do you have kids? You obviously have one. Two. You have two. One is nine months. And the other is two and a half. <SEP> Two and half. That's the hard part is cooking with kids around becau-. I was just going to say makes a difference in what you eat doesn't it. Or are you not at that stage yet? It does. <SEP> We try our hardest to get them to eat what we eat. And my sister she's the master of the fast order grill. <SEP> She makes six different meals. But. Like to have one thing. One likes chicken nuggets the other one like hot dogs. <SEP> I couldn't. And then she makes noodles with soy sauce or whatever. So all things. <SEP> I couldn't do that. I. But. Our favorite. Let me think. I was thinking of the one recipe that we made. I guess the thing that always turned out the best for us was something we thought looked really fancy but was real easy. And that was scallop. What's that. <SEP> It has a French name. It basically means that it has a Swiss cheese cream sauce with it. And you pour it over rice. What is that Saint Jack or something. <SEP> Scallops Saint something. Or. I can't even remember what the recipe's name is anymore. But it was basically just ground up Swiss cheese and then standard cream sauce base and then the scallops. <SEP> With scallops. And it sounds sort of funny. But it tastes really good. I'm from New England. So we had a lot of seafood before we moved down here. <SEP> And that sounds delicious to me. That sounds great. But. <SEP> We're just thinking of having a dinner party. We went to this dinner party the other night that was kind of like a game. They had a murder mystery. And you came dressed as one of the characters. And you had to solve the mystery during the dinner. <SEP> And it was really fun. And so we were going to try doing it ourselves. But we're trying to decide what can we serve because at this one the hostess was pretty busy running around trying to get stuff ready for the table. And that kind of interrupted the game. So I was thinking there's this Beef Bourguignonne recipe that I've tried before that's pretty good. And then you can make that ahead. And you can just leave it in the pot on a stove until you're ready. <SEP> So that's. That's another thing. I have a problem with my wife. She doesn't like the beef dishes. She likes the chicken and fish. <SEP> And like I said we always ate beef and pork a lot. So. <SEP> I know. My husband did too. His parents are Austrian. And they always made sure they had a lot of meat at the table. Red meat plenty of good red meat. My dad could eat a meal with out any vegetables at all. <SEP> And Susan's they had meatless meals. My dad wouldn't know what to do. <SEP> So do you. Course she grew up Catholic. So they sort of come with the. They did the. There's a certain amount of meatless meals you have to have. <SEP> That you do. That's just part of it. My family didn't. But when I got into the vegetarian cooking we got kind of used to that. But my husband always did it kind of grudgingly. He never. <SEP> There was dishes that he really enjoyed eating. There were several things that he liked. But it never was really something that he would have chosen. It's just that I cooked. So he had to put up with it. <SEP> But there was one thing that he couldn't stand. And that was soybeans. I tried it once or twice. And he just could not eat it. So I never. I had. I was limited. I had to make vegetarian meals without using soy beans. But. It's hard to get a protein content up then. That's true. I like them every now and then for a change. It's nice. <SEP> Some of the stuff is good. But it was a tremendous amount of cooking. Because you do have to make sure you have the right combinations of different proteins to make sure they're complete. And we had little kids at the time. When I was home with them and it was just so much cooking. I don't like to cook. <SEP> And I'm not really that great at it. So it just turned out to be too much cooking. So I guess I'll let you get back to feeding your little one there. He's all done. He's set. I set him down. <SEP> Do you like to bake at all. Or do you get into that. We used to do that. My mom used to go crazy every Sunday until my dad blew up. After he gained about eighty pounds after coming back from the Navy she stopped doing it. <SEP> But she used to have two dozen sticky buns three bread rolls every week. And the sticky buns would last three or four days. And that would be it. <SEP> Then be gone. I know. That's the thing about baking. I don't mind baking at all. And I can do a pretty good pie. We have this pie crust recipe in our family that my grandmother gave my mother. And my mother taught me how to make it. I can make a pretty mean pie. But I don't do it anymore because it's just too fattening. We had the same kind of problem. If you make homemade bread. <SEP> It's supposed to save you money. But you eat three times the amount of bread that you usually eat. It tastes so good. We had that bread that was. You ever seen the starter bread. I can't remember what it's called. They call it the Amish bread here. But. It's made with. You just leave it out. <SEP> And you let it spoil sort of. I've heard of it. But I've never done it. <SEP> That sounds pretty good. It tasted pretty good. But it's the sort of thing where you let a portion of it go bad. And then you add all these other ingredients to it. But. <SEP> And then you make the bread. But you pinch off a portion or save a portion of it for the next time or something. You take some of the batter out and give it to someone else. And that's how they continue the thing. I know it always sounded. I don't know how safe that was. I know it sounded strange to me too. I figure you're baking it. So. <SEP> That's true. That's got to kill anything I guess. But. I'll talk to you later. Where are you calling from by the way Texas. <SEP> Plano. Where? Plano in Texas. Plano. <SEP> Are you in Texas? Falls Church Virginia. It sounds so close. I know we've got a good connection. Must be a T I connection. <SEP> I thought for sure you were in Dallas or something. I talked to so many people from Texas. That's where practically everybody I talked to is from. I think that's why they call me because they want to get people outside the state. <SEP> They're trying to get all different amount of people. My husband is from Richmond. And I went to U V A. That's where we went. I went to school at West Virginia University. <SEP> You did. But I grew up right here in Falls Church right outside D C. We'd like to get back over to the East Coast. I'll tell you. <SEP> It's nice over there. It's sort of funny. I have people that want to go to Dallas. One of my friends here he was just talking how he's thinking of leaving the company and going to Dallas. Saying how. <SEP> Things are doing pretty good down here. We tried to move over to Raleigh last year. And there was such little going on in Raleigh. You couldn't get a job to save yourself over there. So we decided we'll try in a couple of years. But business is. We were saying we could sell our house here and buy one down there cash. You probably could you probably could. Northern Virginia. <SEP> It's good talking to you. Nice talking to you too. Take care. <SEP>
sw2024.txt:. Wonderful touch tone telephone there. What kind of books do you enjoy reading? <SEP> I have a wide variety of hobbies. Therefore my reading pleasures are quite wide. I get a charge out of TEXAS HIGHWAY which is very colorful and not being a native of Texas but being here eleven years have a tendency to find out about the different areas of the state by reading it. I've read that one too. I only had a subscription once. But my mother always gave me hers. And I really enjoyed all the little things that you find out about Texas. <SEP> Absolutely it's great the way that it's broken out and you can set up little trips and day trips and things. It's pretty neat. I like photography magazines. I don't take a subscription or anything like that. Things. Being an engineer in facilities I do read a lot of building magazines and plant engineering magazines and read up on different ways to do things and energy management type of magazines. And kind of strange because it's not unusual to see an engineering manual or something laying around the house. And then I'll sit up and read just to refresh to keep active on it. But. <SEP> How about yourself? I have an interest in art. So I frequently purchase and read books mainly on water color because that's my big interest at the moment. That's great. And I guess I like a variety of things lots of fiction type books. Right now I'm occasionally reading on a book about the Mardi Gras in New Orleans and its history. <SEP> That's fairly interesting. I bet that would be rather interesting. That's self improvement. That's kind of a hobby. But it is self improvement from the standpoint of probably relaxing. I don't know that I read anything strictly labeled self improvement. How about you? <SEP> I hate to. I do. We have these classes we attend management classes. And they give you books. And the last book I read was AT AMERICA'S SERVICE by Carl Albrecht. It talks about who the customer is and being customer oriented which falls in line with the T I culture here at Texas Instruments. <SEP> One of its great slogans is if you're not serving the customer you better be serving someone who is. So that's all in self improvement to stay focused on who the customer is. And as you probably well know all of us are our own customer. You're my customer I'm your customer sort of thing. <SEP> Every now and then I'm loaned a tape I can stick in the car cassette set on the way home to make the drive more enjoyable talking about better outlooks on things and the philosophy of Pat Hagerty and these kind of mind stimulating philosophy type. Which all betters yourself. Maybe I am into some things occasionally that I don't think of in terms of self improvement. <SEP> They are. But I don't label it as such. Like what for example. I don't know. I have attended some seminars that had some tapes that went with them but not so much books although they sometimes have manuals and things. But they would be things on how to be successful and sort of talking to yourself. Getting yourself in gear to sort of pull yourself up by your boot straps and do what you really want to do. Convincing you that you need to get on with it. <SEP>. How about items like THE ONE MINUTE MANAGER which used to be a big. <SEP> So those are self improvements. Our supervisor subtly bought all of us a book called WHAT EVERY SUPERVISOR SHOULD KNOW. By a man named Doctor Bittel B I T T E L. <SEP> And it's a very layman's approach towards managing different types of people. And the very last chapter is how to manage engineers. So it's interesting. Here again it's casual reading. And it's not eaten up with a lot of mechanical stuff. And it's really excellent fast reading. But as you say sometimes it's difficult to know if it's. I think if somebody would say read these ten books because these are self-improvements I would probably be turned off to them. <SEP> If he casually just walked into it and put down a Stephen King book and I picked up one of them I might be a little more interested. I don't know. I'm not sure I could take too much of Stephen King. That's a little heavy for me. They're hard to set down because it's so interesting. And of course they're all just a little spookier than the movies. But they're always challenging to get through one of them. <SEP> I have a hard time finishing books. I guess I also have been reading a lot of things on quality improvement and that type of thing because that's what I'm involved in a lot at work. In quality especially now days that's almost everything that comes across the airways. You could almost label everything quality in some sense or other. But I think sometimes the word is a little over used. <SEP> Exactly right. But. I think we name drop it a little too much and don't fully understand what it is we're saying. I think it's just focusing in on the issue and walking your talk. And all that kind of rolls in together there. <SEP> But that's just kind of part of it. Any other comments. Not that I can think of. I think I'm under my quota a little bit. I need to probably make a phone call or two. We just started. <SEP> This is true. I've enjoyed it. You too. And. Have a good day. <SEP>
sw3473.txt:Go ahead. We're going to compare notes. <SEP> I often desire to exercise often believe I should and rarely do. Don't do it. I tell you I firmly believe in exercising. I think it's a. I do it every day on a regular basis. I. <SEP> What sort of regiment do you have? I just got back from biking twelve and a half miles. But this time of year you can't get much biking in. But every morning I use this President's council of physical fitness. And it's worth doing. And you can do it anywhere. I travel quite a bit in my business. And you can do it wherever you're at. And if you do it. I do it every morning usually after breakfast before I take a shower and get dressed to go to work. <SEP>. And now what I do. I've done this for fifteen years. So you don't start at this kind of regiment. <SEP> I. So what I'm telling you isn't something you go out and do. And you'll hurt yourself. Every. It takes me about fifteen minutes to do this now because I do it all the time. But I do twenty-five where you have your arms above your head and your body twisters touch left and right toe. And I do ten right and left trunk twisters. <SEP> And I do about sixty leg thrust type things. And I do twenty leg lifters on each side. When you're laying on the floor. <SEP>. <SEP> And then I do fifty push-ups and do a hundred sit ups. And then I do about. You do all of this in fifteen minutes? And then thirty. If you did football like the old grass drills where you're on your stomach and you. <SEP> Prone type things where you're kind of rocking on your stomach type thing. And that takes maybe about thirteen minutes in the morning. <SEP> What keeps you doing that. I sometimes start much more modest efforts. But I give up. I just find them boring. Hard to find the time for it on a given day. And. Years ago I used to referee football. <SEP> And to stay in condition I did that just as a normal basis. And I tell you just by doing it. Example this summer I was about fifteen pounds heavier than I wanted to be. So I increased. I do three hundred sit ups a day now but not in the morning. I do a hundred then. And then I do about a hundred before supper and about a hundred before I go to bed. <SEP> I lost fifteen pounds just by doing that because you tighten your stomach muscles. And you can eat anything you want drink anything you want. But you don't. Within reason you can lose weight or maintain your weight and your physical being. <SEP>. And I just. You're ready to go at a. I think it's really important. <SEP> Whenever I do it I feel. Good that I have done good because it seems right and good because it has good effects. <SEP> But it's this maintaining a regular habit that I just can't seem to do. That's why Chuck I think if you did it on a daily basis and you didn't need elaborate things where you can make excuses like. <SEP> I like biking. And during the summer I'll do at least seventy-five miles a week and when I really was doing it maybe a hundred and fifty. But you can't. <SEP> There's excuses weather. Or you don't have time or something like that. But if you do some basic exercises and you say every morning just like brushing your teeth you're going to spend fifteen minutes or a half hour. And you get up a half hour earlier. <SEP>. And once you start getting into that one you just feel good. <SEP> And you look a whole lot better. Does your wife participate in any of this. Or. Unfortunately not. And there's no way I can get her to. <SEP> It's something you either just really want to do it. Or you can't talk anyone into it. If you don't like to exercise it isn't going to happen. I sure wish she would. She's unfortunately overweight. But she's a wonderful woman. And no sense getting in arguments with anybody about it. <SEP>. I keep saying if somebody else would do it with me little bit of peer pressure would help considerably. <SEP> But you seemed to have solved that problem without any external help. No problem at all. And if you get one of these mats. Go to a store they normally have these exercise things these A B C -s of physical fitness on them. <SEP> One of my kids got me one of those for Christmas one year. And. What's this mat. It's just an exercise mat that rolls up. So you can put it up just in the corner. <SEP> Is it like the sort of thing you take on a camping trip and sleep on it. You can do that. It's that kind of half inch of foam or something. But it doesn't. <SEP> It's a foam thing. And it's just about six feet long rolls up. <SEP> And I don't take it on trips with me. You could. But I don't mind. If I do sit ups I'll throw a towel down or something. So you don't have the abrasive.
sw3300.txt:So we started recording already? I guess. I don't know. It's the first time I've made a phone call on it. So you pressed one? <SEP>. So I guess we're supposed to start talking. What kind of books do you read? I read a lot of Steven King Dean R Koontz some Danielle Steel. <SEP> My aunt got me hooked on those. So I. So it's mostly all novels? <SEP> They're all novels. I'll read some classic too. Like what? <SEP> Like THE GRADUATE by Steinbeck. I'll. I like that. I like Steinbeck a lot. A ROSE FAMILY by Faulkner. That's one of my favorites. I have never read a lot of Faulkner. <SEP> And this is more of a play or something that it was from that I saw. And I read the book from that. And by the way my name's Bill. I'm from North Carolina. I'm Doug. I'm from Pennsylvania. <SEP> I. Let's see. What kind of books do you like to read? A bunch of stuff fair number of novels but mostly shorter ones. And I don't really like the six hundred page long Stephen King novels and all that. I really have to be in the mood. <SEP> I read one maybe once a year. I'm not as. I like Richard Broudigan a lot. <SEP> I've never read anything by him. He's dead now. But he was really a pretty amazing writer. He wrote books that were pretty short and pretty easy to read written at a third grade level or whatever. But they were still very heavy and philosophical also very funny. He wrote TROUT FISHING IN AMERICA. <SEP> So that's. And I read a lot of non fiction books too. Let's see. I like to read a lot of non fiction history Civil War era and that kind of thing. <SEP> I found that real interesting. I'm reading THE LION AND THE WIND right now. And that was on T V. What's that? <SEP> It was during Teddy Roosevelt's time. And about a American woman that got kidnapped in Morocco. <SEP> This is when they were having their revolution or whatever. And Teddy Roosevelt sent troops over and really portrays him as a kind of a crazy man. <SEP> Surprised me. I had no idea that he was like that. How crazy? Just one quote that he had was that he thought the America's emblem was stupid because it was an eagle. <SEP> And it should be a grizzly bear because. Sh-. The grizzly and stuff like that. So it's. I saw the movie. And that's what made me want to read the book. <SEP> Candice Bergen was in the movie. I'm a real big fan of hers. So. I also read a lot of books about music because I'm interested in that and fair number of stuff about science and also philosophy things. I like to read some of the philosophy stuff. <SEP> Let's see. And even like reading some new age things things that I don't quite believe in. Here on my shelf I have a book called JOURNEYS OUT OF THE BODY. I think that. It's all about how to have out of body experiences and all that. <SEP> I'm fascinated by that. I'm fascinated by that. <SEP> That. And even stuff about not ghost stories but real encounters with ghosts and supposedly haunted houses. I like. I'm kind of a doubting Thomas. And I like to read stuff like that. Some of it really freaks me out. <SEP>. And I like to read some self help books like. I read DIANETICS once I got past all the gibberish on it. Did you like it? <SEP> It was okay. It took me a while to really get into it. It didn't help me that much. I see. But I think once you're set in your ways you're set in your ways. <SEP> Then I. One real interesting book I read recently was when I was looking for a job. I read HOW TO GET THE JOB THAT YOU WANTED. And it had real good tips. And it. And I got the job that I wanted by applying the methods that.
sw3917.txt:. Do you want to go ahead. Or. I went to school at Madison for two years. And they are really big on women's rights. And equal treatment. <SEP> And so I've seen a lot of rallies and things like that. But I'm not that liberated. My mom is kind of old-fashioned. <SEP> So you pick up some traits from her and stuff. But I think it's interesting and better for women to see that there's more of them doing men's fields. I like to see that. And I don't like to see women waiting on men hand and foot. But I believe in sharing and doing things for each other. I do too. I like the idea. I see a lot more. My children I have five children. And they're all married. <SEP> And I love seeing the men help the women so much. And they both cooperate together on. I think it's great. <SEP> Me too. I hope that happens to me someday. I don't mind doing stuff. I have a boyfriend. And I got to make him dinner and stuff. But he'll help me do the dishes. I don't want to expect to help to clean up then after. <SEP> That's right. That's right. I've always taught my men that. They better clean up with their women and help them. If they did that. <SEP> And they're good about it. But it is neat to see them all work together. And a big thing that I see. Most of the women getting married now have gone back to. They stay at work or go back to work. Or whatever. <SEP> And they're well educated. And I believe we'll see a lot more C E O -s in companies. They're having a fit about how little there are. <SEP> And I think we'll see a lot more. Of upper management? Then we do now even. <SEP> I think it'll escalate. And I think black women now. In fact I work at a high school. <SEP> And my boss is a black woman and has only been there a couple of months and already promoted. And she's very sharp. And I think that th-. And the ethnic thing is a good thing now. Me too. They're moving them up. And they're sharp. And they. So you're going to see a lot more of that in leadership I believe. <SEP> I like to see that. I think it's really neat to see and all that educated minority person who really knows what they're talking about. And it's just too bad that some people still look down on them just because of their color. <SEP> That's a shame. Especially black women. <SEP>. But they wouldn't know what they're doing. But I'm not big on subserving as far as to the men at all. <SEP>. But I never have gone along with that. Even far back. But I was brought up pretty good in a home that. Years ago my mother was that way. The same. I. My bo-. Ther-. Some people say the boys shouldn't have to do those jobs. The inside jobs. But we never were taught. They had to do as much as we did. So that was good. <SEP> Same here. So I think that's good. To keep the equal as far as not necessarily by sex type thing. Same here. You should be able to accomplish as much. And I think the attitude is a lot better towards the parents raising the younger ones now. <SEP> You see a lot more of the mothers and all saying to the young girls you can do it. If he can do it you can do it type thing. <SEP>. I see more men participating in the family things with children. Helping to take care of them more. And doing the jobs equally. <SEP>. What about politics on it? <SEP> Do you think the political scene? I'm not that big on politics. I'm not that educated on it. <SEP> I'm. I'm kind of disgusted this year because I don't see many women into the political scene. And I really think we should have more political leaders in the women than we do and even for President and Vice President this year. I agree with that. There's nobody again. I think they're all scared out after. What was the lady's name that ran a couple of. Fitz-. I forget her name now. <SEP> I don't know. But you know who I mean? I know who you're talking about. She took such a rough go of it. And their tax deal and. <SEP> At least she was strong to try it and. So that's good. But I wish they would get some more on that. I really was disappointed this year when I see any of the candidates talking that they're talking about. I didn't see any of the women in there. <SEP> And that disappoints me. And right now I don't think we have too many. In the forefront. Schroeder's about the biggest one in Washington. <SEP> Congress woman. And other th-. We really.
sw3138.txt:I guess we're going to discuss food and cooking. Do you enjoy cooking? <SEP> Sometimes not all the time. I'm kind of that way too. I enjoy cooking when I have time. <SEP> I don't enjoy preparing three meals a day everyday. That's about the same boat I'm in too. It gets kind of boring. <SEP> How big is the family you cook for? Five. We have four. And two of them are teenage boys. <SEP> I'll be hitting that fairly soon because all of mine are boys too. So. Are they? And they get pretty particular sometimes in what they want to have. <SEP> We have that problem too. But also now it's just the amount that they eat. <SEP> It's just absolutely incredible. My oldest is nine. And he already does that. <SEP> Does he? And I told him he's going to have to get a part-time job by the time he reaches teenage years so he can eat. <SEP> That's true. Do you have any favorite things that you serve when you are doing a special meal? Favorite recipes that you've come across or. <SEP> My husband and I our favorite meal is. And we do it. For special stuff celebrations and we have steak. <SEP> And he does the steak. And then. Out on the grill? <SEP> And he marinates it in his special stuff that he does. And it's real good. <SEP> And I do sauteed mushrooms. How. So. <SEP> And asparagus. And that's our favorite dinner. That sound good. I love that. My husband really likes seafood. <SEP> So do we. And I think that no matter what I do I don't serve enough of it really to suit him. I didn't grow up eating that much seafood. And so I don't know. It's just kind of not natural to me. But I like it. And I don't know. One of his favorite things is. It's called seafood stew. And it's really like a soup that you serve over rice. <SEP> And it has oysters and shrimp and crab in it. And. It's not the one with all the shells and stuff in it is it? That's kind of Louisiana if you do that. <SEP> I don't know what that. I don't see how you eat that. But. I don't either. But. <SEP> It is really good. And one thing that's good is it makes a large amount. And so usually we eat one. And I freeze two containers of it. Then that's just real quick to get it out and serve it over rice. But neither of my kids will eat it. <SEP> So then they eat a pizza or. So it. <SEP> It defeats the purpose. It really does. One thing I've run across recently though. A friend gave me a recipe that I really like for chicken enchiladas. Have you made them? <SEP> My husband makes those. Does he. I don't eat enchiladas. <SEP> I don't like the tex-. I don't know. I guess it's the texture or something. I don't like the taste of enchiladas. But everyone else in my family does. These are done with a flour tortilla. Is that what he uses? <SEP>. I don't know. It's I don't know what. I don't know. I don't know what it is about the enchiladas. I just. And I'm the only one including my Mom and Dad and my brother. I'm the only one that doesn't eat it. Isn't that something? <SEP> But my kids love it. I was going to say my kids both eat it. I guess that's one thing that I particularly like. But I think it's good for company too. And I've made it a few times. And you can make a lot at one time when I needed to make something to give somebody. To take over to somebody's house or something else. <SEP>. <SEP> <SEP> I've got a chicken casserole that's like that that I've. It's nice when it makes a lot because you can feed your own family. And then. <SEP> Because when I make this chicken casserole it makes a real big casserole and then another one that I freeze. Or I give it to my Mom and Dad if I know we're not going to eat. What does it have in it? <SEP> It's jus-. You can use chicken or turkey. Because my Mom started making it right after Thanksgiving and using the leftover turkey. <SEP>. <SEP> And it's rice and. When I do recipes I just throw stuff in. I'm not real good about measuring. Because I just. I do it to taste. <SEP> And. Sometimes those are the best ones. But it's just chicken. It's as much as you want torn up and rice and cream of chicken soup and some mayonnaise and lemon juice and celery. <SEP>. <SEP> And that's it and some hard-boiled eggs. That sounds good. And that's it. You just mix it all together and pop it in the oven just to heat it through. <SEP> And you sprinkle those toasted onion rings. On top of it for the crunchy. Those are good aren't they? <SEP> And that's it. And it goes. That sounds good. <SEP> And it's filling because of the rice. You cook the rice before you put it in? <SEP>. I bet the mayonnaise in there kind of gives it a tang that would be good. <SEP> It gives it an extra little tang. I guess I would now use the new mayonnaise free. <SEP> That cholesterol fat free? That's really wonderful that they're coming out with so many new things like that because I told my husband this summer I love to eat chicken salad and tuna salad and stuff like that. <SEP> And basically it certainly a low calorie good thing except then you put your mayonnaise in there and spoil the whole thing. I know. And now it's okay. And you can even. I used to just put a tiny bit in. Now I'm just putting more and more in. <SEP> I don't like tuna salad unless it's got lots of mayonnaise in it. And it used to be a hundred calories per tablespoon. And now it's twelve. <SEP> I know. I just think that's the best thing to have happened. I'm just so excited about that. We did the low-cal stuff. With my kids I don't. They get enough sugar and stuff anyway. <SEP> Mine are bouncing off the walls normally anyway. And they don't need any added help. <SEP> So when we're here at home with sweets and stuff we don't really do that much. I do a lot of fruits instead of the cakes and the candies and stuff like that. <SEP> And drink wise they have Kool-Aid milk or water. Normally. Now when they go to their grandmother's house which is every weekend. It's a different story all around. <SEP> That's when they As our family would say pig out. <SEP> That's good. That's exactly what it is. One of my boys that's twelve has high cholesterol. <SEP> Have you ever found out about your kids. <SEP> Not yet. And my other one does not. Year or so ago he found out. And he went on a fairly strict diet to try to get it down. And did !. He was able to get it down. I think it's mostly hereditary because we really have never eaten high things in cholesterol. <SEP> He's never eaten any eggs. He's never had anything but skim milk. And I've never bought butter and things like that. But he just left for the doctor again. And it's kind of back up. So he needs to be careful again. <SEP> So we've really been talking about the foods for him to be sure to eat. The lower cholesterol foods and stuff. And so he's eating an apple a day for the last two days. <SEP> And all that kind of stuff does really help. I think we've probably talked long enough. And.
sw2018.txt:. <SEP> This is Lois. This is Lisa. And I called from the T I Data Base Calling Instructions. I got a call yesterday too. This is a different subject though. <SEP> This is about changes in the women in the. There's really a lot isn't there. <SEP> I think there really is. It's kind of an easy thing to talk about. I guess the work force would be the main wouldn't it. I think you have to push one. And then we can start recording it. <SEP>. Are you ready now? <SEP> Like I said I guess it would be the work force as far as changes in the generations. I know because I know when my mother was going into the work force there wasn't very many opportunities for her. She's in her late forties. You were expected to stay home and take care of the kids. And I've never faced that at all. I think now you go to work when they're six weeks old. <SEP> And you stay there. And I feel like the next generation you'll probably just work right along with your husband. I think it's definitely gotten better. I do to much. And it's just going to get better. <SEP> It really is. Because women are in every field now. I can't think of a field that they're not involved in. I can't either not a one. And I know at least in the medical field it seems like they've come out with a lot further advances as far as female medications and things since women have gotten into the doctor field. <SEP> I don't think that men really took the time to work on that sort of thing. Even in Washington there seems to be a lot more women involved. <SEP> Hopefully the next generation it won't even be an issue. People will just look at you as a person and not as a man or a woman. I think that would be the best goal. <SEP> I do too. Just your qualifications. And that would be it. Exactly. Not what color you are how old you are what you're male or female. That would be wonderful. I guess it's kind of an ideal world though. I kind of think maybe in time that you'll go by social security numbers. <SEP> And that way they can't say they picked a male over a female female over a male. Or the way you look. Or the way you. Your age or anything. I think that would be a wonderful way to do it. <SEP> I do to. Just go by your social security number and then look at you qualifications that you have. And then. And then if you get it then. Also with women in the work force they've gotten a lot more options as far as job sharing. <SEP> If you and another lady were to share the same full time job or. <SEP> As a matter of fact that's what I'm doing. Is it. It sure is. That would be great. <SEP> It sure is. Or a lot of women I know now and one of my supervisors when she went on L O A to have her baby we hooked up a terminal at her house. And we could send her messages. And she kept in touch like that and basically just worked out of her house. I would just take her the actual paperwork once every week or two. And that worked out great too. <SEP> That is. And that's a real attractive option if you have the technology for it. All it was was. She just used a phone modem. And she was like she was sitting in the office. So I think that's real nice too to come up with different options. Do you like the job sharing? <SEP> I do. Do you? I really do. I think it's great. Do you work half days or half weeks or. <SEP> One week she'll work three days and I'll work two. And the next week I'll work three. And she'll work two. That's great. And we just share off like that. Do you get the full benefits? <SEP> We get the full benefits. That's wonderful. But we've just really got a wonderful system that we're working under. Especially with children and so many things going on that would be great. <SEP> It really is. And that way we're not really missing any thing out of children. Either way. <SEP> You have your career and your home life. And that would be a nice way especially if you have young children. It is. It is. Both of ours is school age. But we don't want to miss any of those P T A -s and all of that. I think. My son's just in day-care. But even that they have extracurricular activities. And the older they get the more that you're involved in that. <SEP> I think it's great. I really. And I look for more of that in the next generation. I do too especially as women get up in management and can be in on those decision making. When that subject comes up they can say yes. That would be wonderful. <SEP> I do too. Plus I bet it cuts down on your absenteeism because you've got two days off that you can do everything. So you don't have to unless you're just really sick or the child's sick. Most of the time now it's just the weekend. Or just forget it. I have to plan way in advance because. Or what I've done is found doctors' and dentists' office with extended hours. <SEP> That's been real helpful too. My doctor stays open til nine in the evening. So that's real helpful. So you don't have to do it during office hours run out on your lunch hour. I don't know how many times I've done that to do something post office or the bank or any kind of errand. To do. So. <SEP> I think we've really come a long way in that because. I guess I take it for granted kind of because I just. It's always been that way. But I know. <SEP> But I can remember back growing up my mother. It was. She always worked. But it wasn't that easy for her to just take off. I can remember my mother getting in trouble if one of was sick. And I know she probably didn't make hardly anything compared to the work that she did. I think there is still some discrimination there where men and women work in the same job. I think men get paid more. <SEP> I do too. But I think that's improving. It's such a slow process. It's frustrating. But you can see that it's wrong. And you just want to make it right. But at least the wheels are moving forward. <SEP> They really are. I think it's getting better not worse. I should probably get back to my job. I know. I know the feeling. Call again. <SEP> I sure will.
sw2423.txt:Do you have any hobbies? Right at the present time nothing real special. I kind of like gardening. And I'm kind of into camping and vacationing that sort of thing. <SEP> I don't have any real serious. I'm an avid gardener. I think you're. I consider that a hobby. I don't know. They were suggesting handcraft things which. <SEP> I guess that's a really true hobby. But I think anything that you enjoy. <SEP> It doesn't really have to matter. It could be working on cars could be your hobby really. Really. I kind of enjoy doing that a little bit too. <SEP> I guess if you make money at it it becomes a vocation. I don't know. I told my husband you go out some to work on the car. It's not worth getting all mad and fighting and hollering at each other when it goes wrong. I says you go pay to have someone do it. Because it always seems it goes wrong when you try to do something. <SEP> I guess as far north as you are if you like gardening you've still got a couple months to go haven't you? Right now we start our seeds inside. That's right. You would. We'll start them inside. And. <SEP> In cold frames or whatever the. We usually start them right in the house. My sister tries to set up a greenhouse on her back deck. And a wind storm come and knock it down. <SEP> But she's had really good luck. Ca-. Next month. Actually if you start it in a couple weeks and you can get your plants outside pretty much the end of May. You can leave them outside. You might put them in the ground just the first week of June. <SEP> But we can put potatoes in the ground in the middle of May. I've lived in Texas and New Mexico most of my life. But I did once. I spent one winter in North Dakota. <SEP> And I remember that it was on into May before it really started warming up. And. We live really close to Lake Champlain which is in the Champlain Valley. So we're about two weeks ahead of everyone else out on the outskirts. So. <SEP> Because that kind of moderates the weather a little bit? We are a little lucky. My brother lives ten miles from here. <SEP> You're at. And he gets frost. And his crop gets killed. <SEP> You're right across the lake from Plattsburgh? From Plattsburgh Air Force Base. But. <SEP> I had a cousin that was stationed there Plattsburgh for a while. He remembers lots of snow. Plattsburgh's kind of a. It's depressed economically. When you go across the lake. I don't know why we have so much going for us. I really don't. <SEP> I'm just wrote my resume up because told we might be facing layoff over at Digital. And they've had layoffs recently. But when we got hired here never any layoffs never never. And now we're looking at serious. I'm a technician. <SEP> When they start getting rid of technicians. I'm working for T I Texas Instruments down here. I interviewed with them. <SEP> But I didn't want to go to Texas. Even though my mother's people are from Georgia. <SEP>. I guess we have to get back to hobbies since. <SEP> We're getting to where we're straying I guess. Stick on the subject. Interesting thing that I do is with gardening. My sister grows flowers that you can dry. <SEP> And you can make dried flower arrangements. And you can get real handy with the hot glue gun. And we made some really nice Christmas wreaths with dried red flowers and dried white flowers and eucalyptus. You know what eucalyptus is? It's. <SEP> It's sold in the hobby stores and nurseries. It's got a s-. It's got a kind of a peculiar smell to it. But. At first I'm why do people like this. But it is kind of a nice smell after a while. People put them in. <SEP> I didn't realize what it was for a while. I'd walk into a room where some of that. And I'd wonder what is that. And then one day I realized that it was eucalyptus. It's like a fad thing. I don't know. I've never heard of it. In the last five years I've used so much of it that. <SEP> I hate. Is that the stuff that koala bears eat in Australia or something? It is. <SEP> Maybe that's why they're so slow. I guess they're stoned on the stuff or something. It looks really potent stuff. But I think it's the greatest stuff in the world though. It's. I make all kinds of things with it. We make all kinds of things just with dried flowers. I almost want to start a business doing it. But I'm so timid when it comes to starting a business. <SEP> That's a big step. It is especially with being in on the creative aspect and the crafty end. After a while you make some stuff. Then you start looking at it. Go this is kind of ugly. <SEP> But I know someone who does a lot of woodworking for a hobby. He does it I wouldn't imagine why but to get out of the house away from his wife. Because he's a seasonal worker. He works in the construction. And up here it's almost a pattern. And you see your fathers do it. Then their sons do it. What they do is they work construction. Then they get laid off for twelve weeks in the winter. And this guy was going nuts. And his son built him a garage and got him some planers and things and set him up. <SEP> Shapers and planers and routers. And he makes all kinds of furniture for his kids. <SEP> And he makes little kids' furniture. He gets right into it. And. There was a program on T V down here on the educational channel here a while back about a lot of little companies of one and two guys up there. This particular one was in Maine and New Hampshire just kind of out in these little towns they'd be in. They may be the same kind of people you're talking about. They've got twelve weeks to do something. And they're making furniture and just things like that during the winter. And then they go off and do other things during the summer. It's a really good thing because it's keeping him sane. <SEP> <SEP> And plus it's keeping his marriage. Plus he's getting on in his years now. He's not that old. But he's getting to the point where he needed an extra boost to do something like that. <SEP> And it's hard work. I couldn't imagine taking raw lumber and trying to make something out of it. He dowels everything. That would be really t-. Say the. <SEP> Man. And it's all got to line up. It's. And I don't think he goofs too much. I don't see too much scrap around. That's something. Our temperatures down here we're starting to get pretty consistently in the seventies and eighties. I'm envious. <SEP> So as far as planting outdoor stuff matter of fact tonight I was planting some trees out back tonight. And it's really nice out tonight. Is it going to be really dry? Almost hated to come. Are you. I always plant trees in the fall. I don't know why. The cold weather can kill them. <SEP> These were trees that wintered. But I guess. I don't know where they came from. They come out of nurseries mostly in Missouri and places like that. And they come down here. And they'll sit in the nurseries here. And they'll go ahead and leaf out. So what I'm planting or actually transplanting is trees that are already leafed out. That's good. I guess they say you can plant them in the spring or the fall all. <SEP> Mostly I think in a place where it's really cold they do it in the fall. Let them winter through the fall. But down here it's done both ways. It just kind of depends on what you're planting. But all the shrubs and. And when you have time to do it. <SEP> My sister does flower gardens. She gets right into it. <SEP> She spends lots of money on them. And I guess a lot of people do do that. They landscape their whole house with flower gardens. She's got just a small patch of lawn and just flowers and mulch tree bark all over her lawn. <SEP> During the summer down here the normal kind of flowers there's very few of them that will really do well. Everything does real well here in the spring until about first part of June. And then the heat sets in. It gets ya-. And June July August are. Most of those kind of plants are just barely staying alive let alone make flowers. Do you have a lot of shade trees around your house. Or is it. <SEP> We're in a relatively new area. We're kind of out of the natural tree area. We're kind of up on a slope. You don't have a lot of tree coverage? So we don't have. Where we are right now there are very few trees. Because going to make. <SEP> This was pasture land. But down the hill here a little ways there are parks that look like jungles. They're really. My grandmother passed away but where aunts are they have these huge pecan trees. And they just shade everything. <SEP> Where is this? It's in Georgia. In Georgia. It's right outside of Macon. And it's just a. I like the way that idea of the south is. But when I think of Texas I think of nothing but no trees and just grass. <SEP> I tell you what. East Texas. There's two parts of Texas East Texas and North Texas. Atlanta and Dallas are almost identical in every way weather and everything. The two cities are very identical. So if you were familiar with Atlanta. It's that dry heat? <SEP> It's not dry at all. It's humid. Where is it. Wasn't it Houston's humid? Houston is awful. <SEP> Houston is really humid. It's humid.
sw3012.txt:. This is Betty. And I'm in Richardson Texas. <SEP> I'm Nola. And I'm in Plano. Here we go. I guess we're going to have a lot of parades this weekend in honor of these guys that did some stuff over in the Gulf. <SEP> Did you push one? I haven't pushed one yet. I just. <SEP> But I think it's. I just started doing this. So I don't know too much about it. We're just sort of getting acquainted here. I just wanted to see if you had an opinion about this. Or. <SEP> So if that's okay with you then I'll just press one. That will be fine. <SEP>. If I start this I just wanted to say that one of the things that I don't think we really understood about the middle eastern situation is that they're a totally different type of people than we are. And they think differently. And their idea of what is justice is totally different from ours. And right now I think that that's been proven in the fact that they have just. Anyway I just think that the United States policy over there. I think we should just leave them alone. I really do. In a major way because that whole region over there needs to settle its own differences within itself. And that's the course that they should go. We can maybe help them a little bit prompt them. But I don't think this intervention at such high levels should be going on. The thing with Israel and Palestine I believe that should be settled between them. And also the other thing is our idea of democracy has nothing to do with them. I'm talking about the whole middle ea-. And maybe this is too general. But I just believe that they do not look at democracy the same way we do. They don't understand it as we don't understand the way they live. <SEP> And so trying to put a square peg in a round hole is just. I don't think that that's the way to go in this. And. That's a couple thoughts on it. I guess I'd like you to maybe express something here. <SEP> I think overall that's right. I think it's kind of sad though that for generations they've been taught to hate each other. And i-. If. Somewhere in there someone's going to have to learn a different way. That's. <SEP> An I think that. We do have completely different ways of looking at a lot of things. But at the same time I think there is a lot of good that the United States and other countries can do as far as example. And I think some different things could come from what's happened than what we expect. I guess we could be a catalyst for their change. I. The war has certainly sort of set things on end over there. And I don't think we'd be talking about this unless there had been a war. That was one thing that came out of it good or bad. I don't judge any war as good or bad. It's just a war. <SEP> And I don't see any winners or losers. I just see dead bodies. I'm sorry. But I just think you're right. And I think maybe it's at a whole different level of them trying to cooperate and get along. It's not going to be that we're going to sort of tell them to go to their room. And that's going to solve the whole problem. It's going to be them. <SEP> But that's the type of thing they understand. They don't understand any other way. And. <SEP> And so at that you have to work at their level to an extent too. It's. That's true too. I. <SEP> They wouldn't have understood anything else than what we did in the war. They understand violence. There was nothing else. They love violent leaders to. Look at the leader they had. They just adored him because he was so strict and cruel. <SEP> And for a while there he had them be-. I can't figure out why they adored him. It has a lot to do with their religion. I got to say that over there. <SEP> And I know this only because from personal experience that I'm speaking of this. Because I've traveled around town with different cab drivers in a situation where I've done that. And one of the kindest people I've ever met in my whole life is from that area of the country. And he is abounding in kindness let's say. And his wife is so godly every thought. They have a totally different life than we have. <SEP> And when you add the commercialization of the western world it sort of screws everything up for them. And they have very basic life. It's just a very basic life. And they just really believe in Allah or God or whatever. <SEP> And everything is to the glory of Allah. And it's almost like. What's sad is that the leaders that have control are power. That's see using that. <SEP> And they abuse that. And it's always been military. And it's always been. And that's always been the way of the world. Don't you think. <SEP> Which I think that that's not the way the majority of the people over there really are. So it's really hard when you see the leaders compared to the people. But I think in a way all the involvement over there too though has shown that there are a lot of people that don't follow what those few are doing. And there are a lot of people who are good people. <SEP> There's. And I think we may not have ever have seen that without some of these newspeople being in there in the broadcasts and. And surrendering. That was. <SEP> And the. It just really comes down to people are people. You have to have some compassion some humanness. That's right. Doesn't matter where the boundaries are. There are political boundaries. And those are man made boundaries. But for heaven sakes that's something that's been going on for ages. <SEP> And I think so much of it is what you're taught. That's true. They teach their children in such a way that.
sw2051.txt:I think the topic was crime in the city. I do not live in a city. I live in a real small little place. <SEP> Where is that? It's about thirty miles from Sherman. North south east or west? It's north of Sherman. <SEP> You live almost in Oklahoma. Not too far. That's kind of ironic because I don't live too far from Oklahoma either. <SEP> You know where Saint Joe is? I've been through there. I'm about eight miles south of it. I had been through Saint Joe. But just as far as watching the news and reading the papers and all that it sounds like the crimes in the cities are really getting bad. <SEP> I've seen those statistics and everything. And you know what frightens me is that you put a half a million people out in the middle of the desert with high tech weaponry. The Iraqis didn't have a lot of high-tech weaponry. But they had mortars and machine guns tanks and all that. <SEP> And they didn't kill as many people in forty-five days. And they were intending to kill people. <SEP> That was their job as they killed in Washington D C. I know. I know. I know. I think nowadays people really just murder is nothing to them. I formulated a pretty radical theory over the last ten years I guess. And I've come to the conclusion even that if a guy is convicted or a gal is convicted of a crime rather than put them in prison because prison's proven not to work just let them go. Say you're convicted. <SEP> And just let them go. And if they get convicted again just kill them. Because most likely that will happen won't it that. <SEP> I think that the best hope to eliminate crime as we know it today is to eliminate the criminals from society. <SEP> If someone is known to have been in prison they can't get a job. You know. <SEP> They can't be accepted into society. If they're not going to be accepted into society then everybody's going to become sociopathic. And who's to put the limit on it? I was watching a thing last night up in Washington State. If you get convicted of sexual offenses on a regular basis. Some of these guys are forty years old and got ten convictions. <SEP> And they're still let out on the street after one or two years. In Washington State if you're a habitual sexual offender they just don't let you out. So you serve your prison term. And then you go into the mental hospital. And if you're pronounced cured they'll let you go. <SEP> They may find a cure for it. But there is no known cure now. So you're kind of thinking. In other words if you do something the first time that's not real bad. People make mistakes. To go ahead and let them go. But if they do it again and they really need to face the consequences then. <SEP> Use that. Or there's other consequences rather than killing them. You could always make them the slave of the people they committed the crime against. <SEP>. At least they might get some benefit in that. And if the people they committed a crime against feel at some later date that these people have learned their lesson are okay they can free them. <SEP> But with the technology we have today you can put a collar on a guy's leg that will knock him down if they leave the property. It will just incapacitate them. And you can put a collar around a guy's leg that will prohibit them from committing any kind of prohibitive act. <SEP> But putting them in prison that doesn't work. Apparently not. Because look how many years they've been doing that. And look. You look at places like Turkey. Turkey has the death penalty for just about everything. <SEP> If you get convicted of drug trafficking they just kill you. You get convicted of heinous crimes they just kill you. There's no two ways about it. <SEP> And you look at their society. And the repeat offenders are very few. And you look at our society almost everyone out on the street that has been in prison has been in prison three or four times. Three or four times. The way to stop that kind of behavior is two-fold. That is true. I know. <SEP> One you need to make it illegal for both parents to work while the kids are under seven. I think that's very important. I agree very much so on that. I. And then if a parent has proved to be unfit for any reason take the kids away from the parents. <SEP> Because we are what we teach. <SEP> Because that's what our society becomes. We have just a bunch of people. Comes. I've lived in that environment for quite a few years when I was doing construction work. And these guys they come to work every morning. And they're stoned to the bone. They're so high they could fly up to the top of that building. And they work all day. And they go home. And they smoke their dope and drink their booze and shoot their drugs. And when they run out of money they go down to the corner store and pop the guy on the head and take his money. And then they go back to work on Monday. <SEP> And the kids of these people. Sure. They just think that's the normal thing to do don't they. They're sociopathic. <SEP> And I worked in a first grade classroom for one full semester. And these kids were more foulmouthed than I've ever been. I had one kid Threaten my life. In the first grade. <SEP> Told me that daddy's going to whoop me to death. And they flipping me the finger and all that. <SEP> And I just said to this kid. I said you got two choices kid. You can step into mainstream society. Or you can die. Because you will eventually be killed. And I'm just totally aghast at what's going on. I know. I know. I work in school. That's something I do. And it really is. I'm like you. Astonishing what the younger ages know. And they react to what they see at home. <SEP> If they see violence at home that's what you're going to get from the kids at school. It really is. And that's kind of sad. <SEP> You can see it in the work place. Used to be when you had a personality conflict you worked with it. And you got through it. Now people get fired. Or what's even worse is they promote them into a position that they can't handle and let them get fired. <SEP> Or one thing or the other. You look at another kind of society like the Japanese. You put that many people on that small of a space they've learned to live together. It's in their culture. And one of the things that's in their culture that I really think the major corporations should pay attention to is the fact that while Japan was becoming a great power financially the people that worked for those companies worked for the same company they worked for at sixty-five as they did when they were eighteen. Teen. <SEP> And the company took it upon itself to find a position for these people. If they weren't fit for the job they were hired for they didn't just can them. They made a position for them some where. You look at Frito Lay. My wife used to work for Frito Lay as a typist. Transcribing stuff into the computer. <SEP> She could type about one-hundred and five words per minute. But she don't like it. She just doesn't like to do that. She will. But her preference is to be in an office situation where her job is.
sw2028.txt:. How has it been this week for you? Weather-wise or otherwise? Weather-wise. <SEP> Weather-wise. Damp cold warm. Damp. We have gone through what might be called the four seasons in the last week. <SEP> We have had highs of seventy-two lows in the twenties. I don't even want to tell you what ours has been like then. It was ninety-six yesterday. <SEP> I heard about that. And we set a record yesterday. And very windy. But then today the wind has dropped off and also the temperature so very cool. I think right now it's sixty-nine. And that's cool for u-. Or it feels cool compared to yesterday but very pleasant. No rain in the last month I don't think. The ground's very dry. And our yard work everything is in bloom. So our yard work is pretty tough the ground being dry. But I guess it also brings about allergies. We're having a lot of allergies down here right now. <SEP> Everything blooming. And the weather. And I think a lot of people have contracted spring fever too. Had a lot of people out at work for fishing and golfing reasons and things like that. <SEP> The blue flu. <SEP> The blue flu or the white collar flu depending on where you work. As I've said we have had variable weather. <SEP> It has been untypically wet for this time of year. And also we have a lot of green. The grass has been growing. And if you look outside you would like to go out and mow your lawn if you could go out and buy a new spark plug or something along those lines. <SEP> But fortunately it rains. And you do not have to go out and buy the spark plug. But we've had an unusually warm spring. And I guess we're still in winter. And we have had no snow. <SEP> No snow? To speak of. <SEP> We usually average anywhere from six to twelve inches during the winter. And this year as well as last year we have had less than four inches total accumulation. So it's been inordinately warm here for this time of year. <SEP> So in that regard it's fine. But I envy you your ninety-four degrees. <SEP> I thought I heard this morning that in San Antonio it was in the nineties yesterday. It is. Down in the more southern and western areas. And of course we are about two hours from the northern border straight south. And very windy. It's amazing to me. Because I have only lived in Dallas for three years. And I can not believe that the wind blows all the time. <SEP> It does. I. Very seldom if any. I can't remember a day that I walked out and the wind wasn't blowing. I spent six years in graduate school in Indiana. In the flatlands. And it was that way every day. <SEP> Rarely a day went by when the wind was less than fifteen or twenty miles an hour. Summer and winter. So that. You became accustomed to it. <SEP> But otherwise as I said we have had a relatively mild winter speaking for this area of the country. Where did you go to school in Indiana? <SEP> Purdue. Purdue. I have a brother that lives in South Bend Indiana. And I had to always. I've lived there for eight years myself. I'd always said I was going to go back to school and go to Notre Dame. <SEP> But I didn't. You are not from that area originally I can tell. Originally I'm from New Mexico. <SEP> I was born in New Mexico. And we lived in South Bend for eight years and then moved to Tennessee actually. And. <SEP> I thought I heard a little Tennessee in there somewhere. Very much. Very much. Cause I spent thirteen years there. And then moved to Dallas about three years ago. So. <SEP> You've moved around as much as I have. My father was in the Air Force. So. I see. <SEP> I worked for the government. So I moved much more frequently than I had intended for sixteen years. But I guess this is my first conversation in this series. <SEP> I received a call last night because of the. I had not received my personal identification number. So I had to call Jack Godfrey today to ask him what it was because I had to abort the call last evening because I couldn't get on the line. <SEP> Is there any. I'm not sure how long we're supposed to talk. It's just as long as you want to. It's just as long as you want to and just a reasonable lengthy conversation. Do you work for Texas Instruments? <SEP> I do not. I work for G T E. And I was sent an application from Jack. <SEP> I've known Jack for some time. I'm in the speech processing business and have been for a number of years. So I was very much interested in being a speaker for this. <SEP> Actually I work for Texas Instruments. And I'm an environmental engineer. I see. And they just published this internally getting people involved. <SEP> That's really strange. I was wondering why we had somebody from Maryland though. I was saying do we have a TI in Maryland. Or. I'm sure you have a representative somewhere in the area. If just nothing more than a business representative or government services representative. <SEP> But I have been a speaker in other similar type of activities. And I know the reason why this is being gathered and the program and so forth. So as I said I was interested in being a speaker. <SEP> We haven't talked much about the weather. I know that's what we're supposed to do. Really the letter just says. Let's see I can't. I was looking at it. I was trying to find out speedy short cuts. And I always thought it's not necessary to measure your time just to go ahead and enjoy the conversation and end it when needed. So. <SEP> In environmental engineering. Is that with regard to work place engineering or just the work place environment. Or. It's actually waste water. <SEP> I see. Taking care of. I'm actually in the air division. And we monitor anything that comes out of a stack or out of a building. Or we do have customers that their concerns are in the work place. And we take care of that. But within our department. We take care of everything. Waste water solid waste and recycling and air and. <SEP> I had. The call last evening was supposed to be concerning recycling in the community. The call I received. And so I had thought a little bit about it before hand. <SEP> So I. But that's interesting. I have a friend who is a planner. A city planner. <SEP> And one of his. And he models city districts and so forth does computer modeling. <SEP> And one of the. He gets inputs from an environmental engineer. Actually our division is corporate wide. And we take care of just the Dallas area. Of course we have several plants here. But we do air modeling also. <SEP> I see. And I take care of all the air modeling specifically for the Dallas area. What we do we have a weather station that we get all of this information temperature wind speed wind direction. And we have a huge chemical data base. That's interesting. And our chemical data base so that we know every chemical on site. And its concentration. And if anything ever happened a building explosion or something we'd be able to track chemicals from that building with our weather station.
sw3345.txt:You keep up with current events? Somewhat. Somewhat. Not. <SEP> Not as well as I would like to probably. Is that right? But that's the way it goes. Whereabouts in Pennsylvania. <SEP> What? Where in Pennsylvania? State College. I go to Penn State. Do you. <SEP> How's. We're not supposed to talk about that. We're supposed to talk about current events. I'm a current event junkie. So I try to watch the news. And I read the newspaper. And I like to read TIME magazine and PEOPLE magazine to keep up with what's going on in the world. <SEP> I see. What particularly are you interested in? I just pretty little about everything. And then again not everything. <SEP> But I like to know pretty well what's happening. Political things don't interest me a great deal except I do like to stay informed enough to feel like I halfway vote intelligently. But other than that I just. Just the events that happen around the world interest me. Stay in touch with it and feel like I know what's going on. <SEP> I have to say all three of my children none of them are too interested in current events. I see. But I always have been. <SEP> And I stay up with it. But how do you stay aware of most of the current events. Newspaper? T V news or what? Some of both. <SEP> I read the newspapers sometimes. <SEP> And I watch C N N that sort of thing occasionally. That's good. <SEP> And I read magazines and such. You stay up with it pretty well then. Not that badly. <SEP> So I am interested in what's going on. And I'm particularly interested in certain things of course like all the news about Haiti recently because I've been down there. You've been there. <SEP> And. You would be interested in it then. I follow it. I don't just read everything about it. But I'm always aware of what's going on like that. <SEP> Because it's interesting. And I don't know. I feel sorry for those people down there. They've just been so terribly mistreated for so many years. Through Papa Doc. <SEP> That's true. They've never really had a good leader. He was a terrible tyrant. <SEP>. And I think it's been better since he died. But it's still been bad. <SEP> But even that priest that was in control there for a while that they overthrew. I've read some things about him that he wasn't too good himself. He was pretty much a. He didn't mind having people bumped off for certain things. <SEP> But It's one of the reasons the U S didn't do more than they did at the time because they weren't all that excited about him although he's probably better than a lot of them. I see. <SEP> But then again who. Those people are so used to it. I guess it's the only thing that works. So what do you think about the quality of news coverage in America? I think it's pretty darned good. I think we're lucky to have as good a coverage as we have. <SEP> I really do. Sometimes they jump on it and go a little to the extreme. The media does. But that's kind of understandable because of course if you watch it more than once a day it's the same thing over and over and over and over. And I listen to the radio. So you hear so much. You get a little tired of it. But then again so many people only catch it once a day maybe. <SEP> But I think the quality of our news is just I don't believe it could be better. I really don't. <SEP> I think it always could be better. But I would agree that it's pretty good. I don't think so. I don't think our news could be better. <SEP> What else could they do to make it better. I don't see anything that they could do. <SEP> I think that. I don't know. You always want to think everything can be improved upon. The. <SEP> I understand what you're saying. I think that. But by trial and error over the years I think they got it about as good as they're going to get it. <SEP> That may be so. Nothing is perfect. I think that I'm not always satisfied with how deep they dig into things and such. <SEP> That's true. I understand what you're saying. And then again I understand why they can't dig too much deeper. That's why we have C N N. <SEP> C N N has the time to dig deeper. <SEP>
sw3660.txt:All set then. What do you think about it? I think it's a real good concept. Drug testing procedures would have to be refined. <SEP> From what I've seen on the news there's a pretty good size problem with poor accuracy poor procedure in drug testing. I didn't realize that. There have been people who have been turned down for jobs because there was a drug showed up in their test. But they didn't know for sure what it was. But it was a drug. So they got turned down. And turns out it was a prescription. Or people getting somebody else's blood test. <SEP> Same sort of problem that happens sometimes is some of these AIDS tests and such. That's right. I have heard. I don't remember what they call it sort of like a positive negatives or some kind of word they use when you get a positive indication of drugs. But there weren't really any there. <SEP> Every now and then there's an error. And people are really upset about that when it comes to their rights and their rights being violated. I work here at Texas Instruments. So do we everyone coming in. I guess I did three years ago. <SEP> Everyone coming in goes through the drug testing procedure. And they talk about it as better for the country and better for the working conditions. So if they test for drugs. <SEP> I can't even remember if we do random sampling anymore. I know we did in the military. But I don't know if once you're in they continue to do it. But I guess you're always on call for it. <SEP> I not very long ago worked for Wal-Mart. And about a year and a half ago they instituted a drug and alcohol testing program. It's not a random. <SEP> Through the s-. It. As each employee comes in part of the hiring procedure is a blood test. But I think the big problem though is they send these off to large labs. B-. <SEP> And then they have thousands and thousands of samples going through it in a day and bottles get mixed up things like that. So your big beef with it is the. <SEP> It's. It's a good idea. But like you said the drug testing procedures need to be defined a little better. Make sure it's a lot safer because a couple of people are going to be discriminated against unfairly or whatever. I tend to agree with you David. <SEP> My brother used to work for Wal-Mart. And then I don't know if he still does or what because I don't know if Sam's is actually part of it. But he is working at Sam's now. <SEP> Sam's is part of Wal-Mart. Then he's been working for the company for a while too. He. Good company. <SEP> You all have some. He's telling me about good profit sharing and all that. Company's that was a great place to work. So. <SEP> It's good news. They had two or three years in with them you can start buying stock. And you have a little taken out of your check each payday to put. Against Wal-Mart stock. <SEP> But you can build a pretty fair amount of stock after a while. That's what my brother was telling me. That's good deal. How long were we s-. I haven't done this in a couple months. How long were we supposed to discuss for? <SEP> You're supposed to get five minutes. We got a couple more minutes then I guess. Think what else I can say about that. Do you have any idea. Let's see. You were tested for drugs as you got into T I? Everyone coming in goes through the drug test. <SEP> Were you asked to wait before starting to work until the drug test came through. Or. Let me think about that. It was after I had already been hired. You get hired then you come in the first. I. Seems to me I remember that I was hired came in and went through some orientation. And I thought I. I can't remember. That would seem strange to already be working here in the first week of the drug test. Maybe it was during the interview. I came up a couple times for an interview. So it's hard for me to remember where I was when all that happened. But just like other companies other friends I've been hearing about that have been moving around. It's before. They have to wait for the drug test to come in before you actually get employment. So I'm sure that happened to me too. <SEP>. What about. They just instituted it there at Wal-Mart. <SEP> So. It was after I was already working there. And they weren't testing any of those who were already working. <SEP> So.
sw3364.txt:What's your favorite T V show? I used to like ST. ELSEWHERE. <SEP> That's one of my old favorites. And that's. I'm being beeped. So I'll just ignore it. And now I did like THIRTY SOMETHING. My daughter says NINE OH TWO ONE OH. We like that one. That's one of my favorites. <SEP> And how old are you? I'm twenty-eight. So you're little bit younger than I am. But. I think if my seventeen year old my fourteen year old my other two children like it. I'm over forty. And I like it. I think it's wonderful. It's a good show. I like MURPHY BROWN and DESIGNING WOMEN too. <SEP> We are so busy with all of our kids are in sports. And I hardly ever watch T V. But that's one that we watch. And then Sunday nights we watch LIFE GOES ON. I like that. That's a good show too. Very good. Did you see the one on Sunday? It was a. I did miss that Sunday. I didn't. <SEP> That one kid that Becca likes he has AIDS. It's a good episode. The new character on there did. <SEP> All the way to North Carolina. What time is it there? It is twenty minutes to nine. I'm twenty minutes to six here. Three hours difference. <SEP>. What else do you like? Let's see I like a lot of different shows. Let's see I like MURDER SHE WROTE. That's. I never watched that ever in my entire life. And MATLOCK is another good one I watch. <SEP> Then during daytimes I like ALL MY CHILDREN. A small bowl will be plenty. That's mine. That's the only one I watch whenever I. A small bowl will be better because it's pretty fattening. Talk to my daughter. ALL MY CHILDREN. I've watched that for about twelve years. <SEP> I'm sure I watched it for more than that probably. Twenty something. I used to watch GENERAL HOSPITAL when I was a teenager because I. I quit watching GENERAL HOSPITAL when Leslie got killed. So that was a long time ago. I used to watch it in high school and college when Laura's mother got killed. <SEP> She was my favorite character on there. I just. I read the reason they killed her off was because they couldn't settle a contract. And I said if they're going to do that to her I won't watch it. <SEP> That's great. I do like ALL MY CHILDREN. And I like it I don't know. I just. I like the people on it I guess. I like it. I just wish they'd bring some of the old characters back. Tad's going to come back I bet do you think? I'm sure he will. <SEP> He'll come back show up at just the right moment. I kind of wish that Nina would come back because the story. Just for a brief visit or whatever because it never has been resolved with Palmer remarrying and everything. <SEP> Daisy pops in once in a while. And I forgot about Nina and Cliff. Cliff's on THE YOUNG AND THE RESTLESS now. He is. So he's out for good. He's out for good. <SEP> Did they marry? Nina and Cliff? That's how they left the show but not in real life. <SEP> Now she's married to some guy in New York. And she's happily married. And that's the reason she left the show. I guess she wanted a private life. I watch it maybe twice a month. So I don't watch it everyday like I did when I had babies. I watch. <SEP> Because I play lots of tennis. And I'm gone a lot. So I don't get to watch. I watch it everyday religiously. I videotape it when I have to miss it. <SEP> I used to be like that. I'm that way about a lot of different shows. I'm that way about MURPHY BROWN DESIGNING WOMEN. Don't they have a new chick on there instead of what's her name? There's two new characters on there. There's Jan Hooks from SATURDAY NIGHT LIFE. I don't know if you know her or not. <SEP> That's a show I like. And then the blond headed girl that used to be on NEWHART. I don't like her on it. I never have liked her. So. <SEP> I just know which one she is. I don't. She's taken Suzanne's part. And then Jan Hooks has taken Charlene's part. Charlene was Delta Burke? Charlene was Jean Smart the blond headed. <SEP> I never watch that one either. I really don't watch a whole lot of T V just on Sunday nights. LIFE GOES ON comes on about the time that we eat dinner. And my whole family's home because I don't allow the kids out on Sunday night because they've got to go to bed and go to school the next day. And so we sit around and eat popcorn. And then we watch AMERICA'S FUNNIEST HOME VIDEOS. Those are always pretty cute. MURDER SHE WROTE comes on opposite of that. And so. <SEP> So you don't watch that one instead of. I pick nights pretty much so on T V that I watch different networks. But BEVERLY HILLS NINE OH TWO ONE OH I watch it religiously. <SEP> We like that real well. It. Be sure to watch it tomorrow night because somebody's getting killed on it. <SEP> I know. The kids already know who it is. I don't know who it is though. Who is it? Ask them. <SEP> Let me ask Nicole. Nicole.
sw2171.txt:How do you feel about it? I don't have any strong convictions about it. That's for sure. I know I haven't done any Peace Corps service. And I don't know anybody in my immediate family that has ever even thought about it. Do you know anybody that's been it? The only people I know that have done anything remotely like that are people that have gone to be missionaries. And that's only because I went to Baylor. And a lot of students from Baylor go and serve as missionaries during the summer. But I think that's a terrible idea. That's like forcing someone to donate to a charity. <SEP> And it's nice to try to teach young people some civil consciousness but forcing them to donate basically their time and efforts. It's definitely up to the person. So I'd have to say that the people who do it some feel it's rewarding. I don't know. But I don't know how we got the subject. You have to. <SEP> I don't either. I have nothing to say about this. I don't either. I almost hung up because I thought I don't really have an opinion except for no. I think that's dumb. <SEP> But. How long you been in San Antonio? I've been here for just almost four years. <SEP> And I lived with Dana in school. That's how we know each other. <SEP> And you were just up there then. Last weekend. We went to Six Flags Saturday. Had a good old time. <SEP> That's good. Back to the topic at hand. What other types of community service would they be talking about. The recording mentioned the Peace Corps. This is major long term commitment a year or six months. <SEP> So you're looking at the Peace Corps or sabbatical maybe. Or I don't know. But. I'm all for donating my time to worthy causes. I do some volunteer work here and there. And every once in a while I'll do a local Big Brother Big Sister thing. Or I'll go do a. <SEP> But that time is minuscule compared to what they were referring to. I couldn't possibly commit a year or two of my life to go do something. <SEP> They couldn't cover my hourly rate. I couldn't afford it. <SEP> But. I have this thing against bugs too. And seems to me like the Peace Corps. They send you someplace that there's a lot of bugs. Africa. Have to live in a shack with no air conditioning and no medicine and no anything. I'd probably catch a terrible disease and die. <SEP> I doubt that. But you know how it is. It would have to be tough going somewhere you don't know the culture usually I guess. <SEP> I think that maybe that's why some people do it is to see the other cultures and some of that. But to do that I don't know. I'd have to be. I don't know. I don't know either. Growing up all I knew was you go to high school you work you go to college you get out of college and you get a good job and you work. And none of this you go spend two years in the Peace Corps to broaden your horizons. <SEP> I know American Express. I'm working at American Express now. And they. After a certain amount of years of service these employees can take off six months or something for some type of sabbatical or something like that. And they're allowed to take that time off and then come back where they left off. <SEP> So it is something that I think even the larger organizations will support. It's really for the community to give back to the community type of thing. I don't know. I think at the same it's for some people to help them grow in other areas. Kind of like joining the military. <SEP> In that respect a lot of people join the military to grow up and to decide what they want to do. M-. And the Peace Corps or something like that is probably useful as that kind of a time. <SEP> Maybe a little bit in that perspective. And a lot of people have gone in the military when they're in the college. Sometimes it's to help support college the money. Others people don't know what they want to do. But as far as the Peace Corps. I suppose there's a few people that have done it at that point in their lives. But I think a lot of it's when people get older they'll do something like that. I'd probably have a different perspective if I actually knew someone that had gone into the Peace Corps. <SEP> But I don't. I don't. And none of my. <SEP> Didn't mean to cut you off there. That's okay. And none of my really close friends in college went off to be missionaries or anything. So I don't really know anyone first hand that's committed a chunk of their life to do service work. I. Everybody I know has been. I'm going to go get a good job and make some money and buy a nice car. So. <SEP> Or try to make a living. But. I don't know anybody that's done that either. So I. It's interesting we got this topic because I don't know what I marked off to get this. But. I certainly didn't mark off anything to get this one. I can't imagine. And the switchboard's been down for several days. And the last time I called it before it went down I had this topic. And I didn't feel like talking about it. So I hung up. And I guess they keep you on the same topic until you actually talk to somebody about it. <SEP> So you had the same one. You'll get it over with here. I know. <SEP> How many times have you talked? Probably five or six. Not a whole lot. <SEP> I've done maybe four or five. Did Dana sign you up for this? She just sent me the information out. I got a hold of it. I just sent it back in. And. That's. She stuck my name on some list. So they mailed me the information that I filled out. <SEP> What other topics have you had? I've talked about camping with someone. I've talked about the weather. That one was interesting because I talked to a man in Washington D C. And it was hot here. And it was snowing there. So that was pretty interesting. <SEP> And I talked to someone about the education system. I forget exactly what the focus was on that one. But that was fairly interesting. And I talked to somebody about credit card usage. And I talked to this person who I gathered from speaking to her that she and her family just didn't have much. And they didn't have much credit available to them. <SEP> And so she basically didn't use credit cards and didn't know very much about them and how they work and how you can use them to your advantage and how you can do certain things with them. <SEP> I use everything with my Visa. And I pay it all off. So that's a good deal for me. I get free money for thirty days. <SEP> That's the way I use them. I try to make sure I don't get in debt. So. That's always a good plan. I can't think of anything else that I've talked about. Most of the ones on the list I checked off stuff like football and stuff that I would enjoy talking about. And I haven't gotten a one of them yet when I've called. <SEP> I had. Let's see. I've had fishing. And me and Dana had football. We did. How funny. So we talked about the Cowboys a little bit. And I'm out here in Phoenix. So we talked about Cardinals. <SEP> So that one was all right. And then what else did I have? I think I had some other like staying in shape or working out. I got this guy from New York. So. I had to talk to someone about hobbies. And the switchboard called me. So I was caught a little off guard. And I couldn't think of anything at all. So I started making stuff up. I told this woman that my hobby was gardening. And I can't even grow an ivy. And you've probably never gardened in your life. My grandfather gave me a plant once. And he told me when he gave it to me that it was impossible to kill. You could freeze it. You could dry it out. No matter what you couldn't kill it. I killed it pretty quick. <SEP> I don't have too much of a green thumb either. So. I do have one plant here. It's been hanging out for a while. But I think it's one of the easiest plants. I don't know the name of it. But I'm not too much into.
sw2022.txt:So. We started out keeping a budget about two years ago. We have a computer here at the house. And I made a Lotus spreadsheet and went through the year using all of our checkbook to figure out what we spent each time and whether we were over or under for each month. And then basically since then what I've done is keep track of it through the checkbook. So that based on the check coming in then how much I'm spending each half of the month and then trying to also spe-. Because our house payment is once a month. That's our biggest expense. So I take half of that amount out of my checkbook with each paycheck even thought it's really still there so that I can keep good balance a running total through the month. <SEP>. <SEP> A running total. What do you all do? <SEP> We've taken how much we have write down how much we have coming in each month. And then we've. At the beginning of the year we sat down and determined how much we could spend. We made up different accounts. We've set a budget for each household expenses or food and clothing and entertainment and then our own fun money and just stuff like that. And then each time we spend something we write down in a book. And at the end of the month we tally it up to see how close we. We try to stay within a certain budget. So. Is it hard to keep track of it. Or does it work out pretty well? It takes some dedication to do it. But it works out real well. So. And you're staying within your budget and everything is working pretty good. <SEP> I have to stay within it. So I. And then we have that. If something comes up and you can't stay within it then we have a budget for we call our slush fund or something. And an unexpected comes up then you don't feel so strapped. You don't have to go out and borrow it somewhere and do that. <SEP> Because we don't charge anything that we can't pay off by the end of the month. That's a good choice. We're trying to do that this year. We've budgeted the money that we were spending on a CODA account with T I and then money we were also buying stock with for that year. We've taken that this year and said we're going to pay off all of our credit cards. You've got paper under your table. And we have another loan with the bank. <SEP>. And so we hope by the end of this year that by doing that we'll be free and clear. <SEP> To be out of that. Free. <SEP> The only thing we have to pay off is a automobile loan and our house payment. And that's the only thing we ever. That's good to be in that kind of shape. We try to stay out of debt. What are you all trying to do long term. <SEP> It's long term. We just. His retirement plan and then to CODA and stuff like that that's all we. And we just have our life insurance for right now. So we don't have any long term in stocks or anything like that right now. So. Mostly what we've done the CODA account with T I where we put in so much a month. And then they or so much a pay check and then they match it. <SEP> That's what we're doing. So that's worked out pretty good. And then I used to work for T I. And I have. When I retired from there or left I took the money that I had in mine and put it in an I R A. And we had an existing I R A. So both of us have some money in an I R A that we're also trying to figure. We're putting it in C D's right now. And then we're also looking at it in possibly getting a mutual fund. <SEP> When ever we get enough saved we stick it in a C D for a while. And then if we need it we wait until it's expired. So. The other thing that we've done that was really nice to see we had one of the financial companies. John Hancock company came out. And their agent did a long term analysis based on salary and what our goals were on a long term budget in terms of retirement kids college paying off the house buying a different house special thing buying land and building our own house. And they did an analysis for us based on what we were putting in and the time frame that we wanted to look at and then gave us some good information back on whether or not we were going to achieve those goals or not and what we needed to do so that we could achieve them and the money we could put in at what time. <SEP> Or not. <SEP> That sounds interesting. We've never done any-. We have. Our life insurance guy has come out. And he's determined how much we need if something were to happen. That's the other financial thing I guess that we've done with our life insurance since I'm at home now is figuring out what we would need if something happened to my husband or what he would need if something happened to me. That's a big thing to think about. If I would sell the. If something would happen to him I wouldn't stay in Texas. I would sell the house and move back home to my home town. And I wouldn't stay here in Texas. So I don't know what he would do. I guess that's most of my financial plans right now. <SEP> Mine too. Is there anything you'd like to add? That's about all for mine. It's been nice talking to you. <SEP> Nice talking to you too.
sw3523.txt:We're set. What changes do you feel have happened? <SEP> I guess the first thing has been for the right for women to vote. I think that has been a major change and also the fact that there are so many more women in the work force nowadays than there were. And that's probably going to increase. Increases each year doesn't it? <SEP> I'm sorry? It increases each year I think. It sure does. There is a lot more women in the work place nowadays. And I think women have kind of had in the past the real subservient role. <SEP> Role? And. <SEP> That's changing. We do to some degree. But I think it's not as much as it was. <SEP> I agree. It definitely has changed. And especially with women increasingly working they're going to have to demand more from men. <SEP> Because there is just impossible to keep up on everything else. Have more of an active role in taking care of children more of an active role in taking care of the home. <SEP> They've been talking about. And I don't know what the status is on it. But women get maternity leave and stuff like that. And I know that there has been discussion about men also getting maternity leave to help out. But I haven't really heard much about that recently. There is a lot of companies that won't give women maternity leave for that very reason. <SEP> In fact I know the school districts down here they don't have maternity leave. You simply have to accumulate your sick leave. And take your sick leave. Is that right? <SEP>. And I don't know if bigger company companies do. But when I was employed with the school district I didn't have maternity leave either. And that was the reason. Because they thought was showing prejisim to women and not to men. So. <SEP> That's interesting. That's a bummer though. It is. <SEP> You got to take the time off. You have to save all of your vacation time. You do. You have to save all your vacation time. And that's usually how it's happened. <SEP> But. What do you see changing in the future? <SEP> I think that we're probably going to see a lot more companies run by females. And top level. And we'll prob-. <SEP> I'm sorry? Maybe top level. Upper management. More women in upper management. And probably we'll see more females in political roles. More governors and roles like that. That would be kind of nice. <SEP> In Texas we have a female governor. That's right. That's right. And we had a female mayor here in Dallas. And her term just ended. So I think we're probably going to see more of that in the future. <SEP> I think that's probably good. A little more integration. And maybe not so much that we sit on the back burners. And. <SEP> And that's fine with me. I think. But sometimes. I'm not a women's libber by any means. But I do. <SEP> There are issues that as far as equal pay for men and women and that kind of stuff I totally am for. But I don't get into the real women libber movement. I don't either. <SEP> I don't think they're ever going to prove that men and women are equal. We just function differently. <SEP> And I'm not capable of lifting what a man can lift and that type of thing. But one of the big changes they're doing in Salt Lake is. <SEP> And they're probably. I'm sure in Dallas since you're big places a lot more women are working right out of their home with their P C's or with their lap computers or whatever. I've heard of that. I haven't really talked to anybody that's too involved with that. But I think that is a. I think that. <SEP> Like the cottage industry. Is that what you're talking about women working out of their homes? I think it's wonderful. You only have to check in with the office once or twice a week. And. <SEP> Course they're talking about that we're going to be able to do our grocery shopping and banking and everything like that. I kn-. <SEP> By the phone and all that. So it would be kind of exciting in some ways to see a little bit more of that. And some ways it might be kind of scary. Think anybody could do it. But. <SEP> I wouldn't mind just calling up the grocery store and giving them my order and going an hour later and picking it up. <SEP> But then there is the process of selection. Would you have to give them the brand. And when you shop you usually compare the prices. <SEP> And would be nice though.
sw3537.txt:What do you think about the self insurance business? I watched something on T V a couple of months ago by ex Surgeon General Koop. <SEP> And he talked about Canada's system. And it appears to work fine for the normal colds and things like that. But the expensive stuff heart operations and things they have a managed scarcity. And they said that in Canada there were as many heart trauma centers as there is in San Francisco. So in one city in America there's as many hospitals that are equipped to do heart operations as in the entire area of Canada. And that's kind of spooky. I understand what you're saying. And there's probably some truth to that. I think that generally I don't welcome added government responsibilities. However when anybody can't police their own profession it eventually leads to that. And I think the costs and the way the medical profession has every year. I being in my own business. In the last six years every year there's been at least minimum twenty-five percent increase in health insurance costs. And I think eventually the number of people that can afford health insurance as it is now getting squeezed and squeezed tighter. I think they're asking for it. I think the medical profession is just pushing until there's no option but the government take it over. And. <SEP> Do you think that it's just medical guys? What about how expensive new equipment and technology is. That's where I think most of the cost is coming. I think a lot of it is. I don't disagree totally with that. But my wife this last summer when we were on vacation tore up her knee. And it was ligaments in her knee as it turned out. She came back that. We were out at Cape Hatteras when this happened. And she got home. And the leading orthopedic man who has handled football people for years and is as good as they come. He knows knee problems. <SEP> If anyone does this guy knows it. She goes in. He says I think this is what it is. But you better go to the hospital and have one of these M R I things. A thousand dollars for this magnetic resonance imaging type thing. And my wife said do I need that? And he says it'll help me diagnose this. I suggest you go have this thing. Insurance won't pick this up unless you're in the hospital. A thousand dollars for thirty-five minutes. Doctors routinely send people in for anything. For years they didn't have this. And they solved these problems. And. <SEP> I said to her look if you feel you got to go go. But I think a thousand dollars. These guys. I don't know what it is. But there's no doubt they get kickbacks to fill these machines up night and day. And even if they cost a hundred two hundred five hundred thousand dollars at roughly a thousand dollars every half hour that's ridiculous. I don't care what anyone says. The costs are not. It's a picture. It shouldn't cost more than thirty-five bucks for something like that reasonableness. But they aren't reasonable. Fifty a hundred dollars. They don't have to pay them back in three months time. <SEP> I'll have to agree with you there. But there's another problem. And that's how litigious our society is. If the doctor makes a mistake he can be sure that he's going to be hauled into court. I think that's another problem. But that's part of our legalese problem. And that the government eventually will address too just because it's out of control. I agree with you. I was on a jury. I didn't make the jury. But there was a deal where a doctor was going to be sued for malpractice on the death on an infant. <SEP> It was three days after it was born. And he was the one that delivered it. And they got four attorneys. One guy out of Houston he introduced himself as snake so-and-so. And he says anyone have trouble awarding five million dollars. And I says yeah. I got problems with. Five million bucks isn't going to bring this kid back. As sorrowful as it is. If the doctor is wrong he should be pulled from his license. But five million dollars and away he goes because insurance pays for it. It doesn't make logical sense to me. But. <SEP> It doesn't. That's.
sw2247.txt:. The term personal computer. I don't happen to have one at home. But I do have a personal computer on my desk here. A type of work station? It's kind of a kluge that was pieced together to bypass the formal procurement process. And it works just fine. It says it's a monochrome monitor Panasonic printer no big deal. It does the things I need for it to do. <SEP> Is it a two eighty-six or three eighty-six base machine? It's not even that. It's eighty eighty-eight? I think that's about where it is. <SEP> What type of utilizations do you make of it? Word processing obviously. I do that. I do some Lotus on it. Do some Samna some P F M nothing extremely complex. I use them both here at work and at home. <SEP> And I have I B M clones in both cases. Here at work I have the T I one thousand which is a three eighty-six base machine. I bet that's a pretty nice setup. <SEP> It is. Unfortunately I need all of it. For example I was messing around with a spreadsheet this weekend that's a third of a meg in beta size. <SEP> And I know that brings an eighty eighty-eight machine to its knees because I had taken it over from a friend who was working on it. And he had a two eighty-six machine. And it brought it to its knees. Just in the ability to handle. <SEP> And then I have a three eighty-six F X a sixteen bit machine at home. And I'm really pleased with it. <SEP> It manages to take care of all my home needs in terms of word processing and spreadsheets and database searches. <SEP> What I've gotten into more recently are the tools to use them. Have you. To try to make them more effective and useful. <SEP> Have you been struggling along those lines? I seem to always be in the next to the last generation of word processing software. When everyone was in Samna I was still in P F M. And now that I finally become proficient in Samna everybody's going to WordPerfect. So I can never quite stay current with that. I think you will be real pleased to get away from the banana as I used to call it. It's. I used it on some other machines in days gone by and was real pleased to leave it. It was a real memory hog when you started making large blot changes to it. <SEP> The. At least the version I had tended to keep copies of that. Of what you were changing and deleting off in memory until all of a sudden you got a disc full error. Not a fun thing to try to recover from. <SEP> I can believe that. Very frustrating. <SEP> But again I've been dealing with large files both data and otherwise. That was a engineering spec on B two. You come here with the B level of specs? Not really. I'm not that up be on that sort of thing. It's just a huge file that tries to describe the requirements of what you're trying to build. To one level down from assistant description. <SEP>. It sounds like you're pretty much into computers. I sure need them. There's no way that I could begin to process and keep up with the kinds of information or the magnitude of information that I need to try to do my job without them. I can believe that. It's been interesting. <SEP> Maybe you'll play around some and figure out how they can help you do different things. I think that's when you start deciding that you really need greater assets than you already have. When you start seeing what all they can do for you. Of course needs and wants aren't necessarily the same thing. I understand that. If needs and wants were the same I'd have a four eighty-six machine at home. I wo-. Is that the newest thing now the four eighty-six? <SEP> That must be a fairly recent release. That. Came out around the first of the year. Because I had done capital packages for two eighty-sixes and three eighty-sixes. But I didn't know they had a four eighty-six just yet. <SEP> It does a few more things than had been available before. <SEP> But I'm not sure that it's such a massive improvement. Once you get passed thirty-three megahertz all help is kind of lost in the translation. Because you no longer can think that fast anyway. <SEP> I enjoyed our discussion. I did too. And you have a good day. You do the same. <SEP>
sw2819.txt:So how do you think we've changed in the last ten to twenty years? I'm at a little bit of a loss. I don't know. Ten years ago. I'm about twenty-eight now. So when I was eighteen. <SEP> Things haven't changed a whole lot. People are being a little less bigoted in some ways. I don't know. <SEP> Seems to me. I guess I'm like my parents. The younger generation gets away with hell. But. <SEP> It seems to me that civic freedoms are more restricted. But that may just be because I've changed. I used to live up north. Down here Dallas seems to me the police are militant. But. Where'd you live up. Where'd you live at. <SEP> I lived in Akron Ohio. Did you? I'm from Illinois. So. How long you been in Dallas? <SEP> About eight years. In fact in the eight years I've been here it seems to me it gets to be more and more restrictive place to live. <SEP> As you're talking police and stuff like that it's definitely a tough job to do. I think it's. Crime has got a lot worse in the last ten fifteen years. I agree. <SEP> And maybe that has a lot to do with it. I definitely think that has gotten a lot worse. And I think there's. To me there seems to be a little bit of a decline in the family values. That's true. <SEP> That's true. But. I'd say my own personal lifestyle has improved. <SEP> But that's more a matter of. I'm no longer a teenager in high school. I think there's more pressure on both parents to work and things like that than there used to be. And. <SEP> Somebody's at the door. Hang on just a second. <SEP> But I don't know. That's one thing I see a lot more double income families and a lot more baby sitters raising the kids and things like that I guess. That's true. It's getting more and more expensive to live. That's for sure. <SEP> You can't make it. Without it hardly. That's right. I guess when I was growing up it was still the ideal to get a home and buy house. And these days you see a lot of people living in apartments forever. <SEP> You just don't buy a house. Just because they can't get into one. That's right. The ways our tax laws and stuff are structured you can't ever catch a break until you can get into a house in a lot of ways. <SEP> So. That's a good point. So I'm trying to think of anything else that's changed over the last ten or twenty years. For me it's kind of hard. I don't know. I think. I don't know I think the middle class is shrinking and the lower class is expanding. I agree. <SEP> And sooner or later there's going to be a turn around. I hope so at some point. But I don't know at what point. But I think it's going to be at the expense of the middle class. <SEP> So usually is I think. It's. <SEP> It's hard for me to say. I hope it happens because I'd be one of those that gets caught. But on the other hand there's a lot of injustice that needs to be changed. That's right. Do you work at T I? Do you? <SEP> What department do you work in? I'm in semiconductor. Are you? I'm in semiconductor division too. <SEP>. How long you been with them since you moved down here? About eight years. I'm over at the Center One building. <SEP> So am I. Are you really. What floor? Two. I'm on the seventh floor. <SEP> How about that. It's a small world. So let's see. Second floor you work with linear. Do you know Alec Morton? <SEP> I've probably seen him around. You do. He comes up and pushes us around. So I'm pretty familiar with. Are you D A D or something up there? <SEP> Are you D A D or something? You must know him. His reputation precedes him. Seventh floor. <SEP> T A D. He comes up there and gives us all kinds of grief. They say it's what makes him happy is to give us D A D -ers grief. So I can believe it. But. Let's see if you've been in Dallas eight years I guess that's about how long. I've been in here about eight years too I guess. Been with T I twelve. But I started out in Lubbock. <SEP> Lubbock is. I don't know. I guess if this is the only place you've lived Lubbock is a lot different than Dallas. Flat dry and dirty. <SEP> But the people all seem to be a lot more laid back too. Here in Dallas everything is just real rush rush. I lived in the country for several years. And living in the city is a whole different social structure. <SEP> But. I got some friends that. Seems like he went to school at DeVry. Is there a DeVry in Akron? I don't even know. <SEP> I haven't been up there in years. I see. He went to school somewhere in Ohio. And he's from that area. And he works over in the Park Central building I think. But I haven't talked to him in a while. But. He misses it. He used to go back twice or three times a year because he missed it. Sounds like you haven't been back there in a while. I haven't been back in ten fifteen years. You still have relatives back there. Or. <SEP> I do. I just haven't had a chance to get back. Catch them next year probably. Let's see. How long are we supposed to talk here? <SEP> I don't know. I think we ran out of social changes to talk about. So. My kids are probably needing me to go. So. <SEP> It's nice talking to you. Talk to you later. <SEP>.
sw3047.txt:Do you have children? I have a daughter. Do you. <SEP> How old is she? She's only about a little less than two years old. I guess you have not reached the stage where you need to promote a college or anything. <SEP> I've got one that's seven and one that's three. So we started saving. But that's all. Are you planning to encourage your children to go to a particular school? <SEP> No particular school. I think that's really a decision that. That you are going to let them make. They. Help them make in terms of what they are wanting to do. <SEP> That's a big influence I think and not only what you can afford but what's going to be best for them in terms of what their career goals are. <SEP>. <SEP> So you need to go to a school that handles whatever it is you want to do. Where did you go to school? University of Mississippi. Was that local or. <SEP> It was within the state. But it was not necessarily local it was. So what's. <SEP> What's the criterion for choosing to go there? At the time I was thinking of going pre med. <SEP> And in the state they had the best pre med curriculum for the state institutions. It was choice between there and a private college that was a bit more expensive. <SEP> At the time we really could not afford it. So I ended up going there although it was quite a drive away for me. <SEP> It. I enjoyed it. Did you commute everyday then. Or. <SEP> It was a six hour drive. When you said it was quite a way away I did not know that meant you had to drive an hour. Or. It was like another world. <SEP> Basically it was a. Did not get home that often. And at that age it's kind of difficult sometimes. <SEP> Especially if you have not been away a lot that extended. Did you go there straight out of high school? <SEP>. I did not get my degree until later on. So I just finished mine a couple of years ago. And I guess when you have to do it that way it makes your choices a lot easier. But. <SEP> That's true. That's like when I went on to get my master's it was where I was at the time. <SEP> I was not going to try to pick and go somewhere else because I was pretty much settled. And I was trying to work. So when you are first going to school you kind of have the luxury of being able to have some latitude in choosing the place to go. <SEP> Which group do you work in in T I? The computer science center. Where is that at? <SEP> North building. I see. How long do you work for T I? About three years. Did you work somewhere else. Sounds like you got your master's before here. Or. <SEP> I have. Actually I came straight from school to here. I see. Cause this was the first real job after getting my degree. After your master's or after your. <SEP> After my master's. I see. My undergraduate degree was not in what my master's was. I see. <SEP> So I made a career change basically. I see. Let's see. I have not. There's a lot of pluses and minuses for different schools just like you said. Depending on what they want to specialize in and what you can afford different things like that. So I have not really made up my mind whether to encourage them to go different places. <SEP> Or. One day I would like to the. I like the school where I went. <SEP> And I would not hesitate at all to encourage her to go there if she wanted to. <SEP> Or the school where I got my master's at which was a different school. And I liked it almost as well. <SEP> But you know that I'm not going to hold them to that just because I went there. I think that's. <SEP> If they want to that's fine but otherwise not. Although I would get quite a break on tuition. Because you went there. <SEP> Because they allow for tuition break for out of state students who children of alumnae. I didn't know that. <SEP> Certain schools do it. This school does. So it. <SEP> I was involved in some alumnae recruiting here in town last year. And it was kind of fun because you are trying to get people interested in your school. <SEP> And they were. This was a college night at a high school in Richardson. And it was. And there were a bunch of kids and a bunch of schools. There were a hundred schools probably there all competing for the same kids. <SEP> It's kind of interesting to talk up your school. Your own school. <SEP> And I was surprised by the number of kids that came by and had heard of our school. And were interested in it. <SEP> We. Situations like that you don't realize until you start thinking about it the kinds of advantages you school may have over others. And so I was real real pleased with that. That worked out so well. Did you drum up any interest then. Or that's good. <SEP> I think so. I don't know offhand. But it seemed like there were quite a few kids that were definitely interested in going there. <SEP> So There was one mother who came by right even before we started who obviously was very interested in getting her daughter in or having gotten her daughter in or something. And that. And she was wanting some more information. But her daughter was. A baton twirler or something. <SEP> And she was letting us know how good her daughter was. <SEP> She had business cards describing her daughter's she had won several different twirling awards and all this. <SEP> And she had these business cards she was passing out. And it was quite a production. I think some parents go a little bit overboard. It sounds like it. I think Richardson is probably one of the places that would definitely.
sw2761.txt:What are your suggestions in making a family reunion successful. Have a big family I guess. That's a start. I guess so. <SEP> Ha-. How old are you? Twenty-five. So. So you have been to some family reunions perhaps. <SEP> I just got married. Every four years on one side of my family they plan on having my grandparents and all their brothers and sisters and then all their kids and grandkids. How long in advance do they let them know? <SEP> We plan on it. It's the third weekend in August. So it's every four years. And so. So they all know it. <SEP> And then arrangements are made during the Summer for food and who's staying where because a lot of people are from down here in Texas. And a lot of my family is in Indiana. That's where I'm originally from. <SEP> So we usually meet at my uncle's cottage at the lake and make a couple days of it. That sounds like fun. Do they all have the small children too that come? Pretty much. So all ages. <SEP> And there's some my age. And then there are some a lot younger about four generations I guess. My husband on one side has an extended family. And they don't ever plan it like you do. <SEP> I think if you can count on it every four years then people have it in mind. So they have to start talking about it or getting their act together about six months ahead to get in touch with everybody because they're rather socially active too. <SEP> And so it seems by doing it about six months ahead they can pretty much get everybody there. If they don't they'll say we're planning to go to a certain place that weekend with somebody else. And we're already locked in. But six months ahead has seemed to be okay for them. My parents are the youngest of very large families. <SEP> Therefore they don't have many people left. And the few previous ones I've had. I haven't known many of those people. But in the last few years it really has just been our immediate family. And that's been very nice. With. I have one sister and three brothers. <SEP> And they're only three out of five of us who have children. So we get to spend a lot of quality time with each other. <SEP> And that's kind of nice because my husband's family reunions are so large. And they don't see each other very often. We don't really know many of them. <SEP> That's kind of bad. It really is. They're fun. They're a lot of fun. But still they're not done on a regular basis. And you kind of forget what happened and who they were from the time before. <SEP> It's fun getting together with immediate family. A lot of my cousins are real close. And we always get together during holidays and weddings and stuff like that. So. Those are the ones that are in Texas? Or you go to Indiana on that? <SEP> The ones in Indiana. Where in Indiana? Lafayette. Lafayette I don't know where. I used to live in Indianapolis. <SEP> It's a little north of Indianapolis about an hour. It's very pretty country in there I think. It's gorgeous. So. I. When is your next one scheduled now. <SEP> It's like the last one was my high school graduation. The next one was when I graduated from college. So I guess about two more years. And do you think you'll have a baby to take back with you. Maybe. I don't know. Maybe. <SEP> Two more years. I don't know. Probably. You need another milestone. I guess that's what. I've been married now for about nine months. So that was another milestone I guess. I'm sure. And then all of your family probably has not met your husband. <SEP> He's from Indiana. Is he? So they all met. And you're both living in Sherman. <SEP> Do you work to T I? And does he? <SEP> He's trying to get in med school. So. We don't either. But I have a friend who is working on this project. And. <SEP> Are they getting all the data they need? I don't know. I have a hard time getting people on the telephone. Getting through to anybody. Sometimes I call off and on all day. <SEP> But anyway I guess we're supposed to be talking about family reunions aren't we. But I got off that. <SEP> We've kind of exhausted everything I guess. I think we have been talking probably about four and a half minutes. And we both look forward to going to our next reunions I'm sure. <SEP> But it has been fun talking to you. You too. Thank you. <SEP> And maybe I'll talk to you again.
sw2876.txt:How long have they been recycling there in Virginia? Actually quite a while. I've lived here for six years. And can you hold on just a second? <SEP>. I'm sorry. I must have got the other line cut off. So they've been doing it for a while now. <SEP> And it. I live in an apartment. And my facilities. There it is. Hold on. <SEP> Sorry about that. You're okay. <SEP> They have facilities here in my apartment complex for recycling paper only. I've been recycling for maybe about two years now and at another public facility where they have recycling of glass aluminum and paper. Have you recycled plastic also? <SEP> And that's what I don't understand exactly why they don't have that option. We have out here up until just this last year in on you are town there wasn't any really good way. They had some bends around that we could find and put them in. <SEP> But not all that many. It wasn't very well advertised. But recently the refuse department is working on getting a system going where we will actually have a bend that we put things in for recycling these other things. <SEP> So it should be good. I think it's a marvelous idea when I just think of the papers that I dump out. <SEP> There just. It's such a. I waste. I just hate to think about it. An additional thing is. Where I work they also have recycling there of all white paper and of cans also. <SEP> So a lot of people right at the vending machines they have receptacles that you can just pop your cans in. <SEP> And near the Xerox machines they have places for your paper. <SEP> I keep a little box at my desk. <SEP> And as I'm using the white paper I just throw it right in there. And then they have someone that comes around and pick it up every afternoon which is an excellent idea at work because I know the amount paper they go through there. That's neat. <SEP> Because. That's right. I guess one of the things that needs to happen is we need to be better informed about it. <SEP> There's needs to be more public service programs or something that would let us know had happens to it and helps us to become enthused about it because of what is happening. I would agree with that. <SEP>. And there's. <SEP> I've seen a few things but not very much really. And I think that's a shame. They need to do a little more. I'd like to know for instance when they say plastic all plastic what kind of plastic can you put all together or is there some reason not to. <SEP>. Maybe they just sort it after they get it and throw out what they can't use. I don't know. <SEP> But I'd be glad to organize it if they'd tell me what it is I'm doing because that would be really helpful. <SEP> I agree with you there. Another thing that I like here which is. I do with. I have to actually go to two different recycling areas because one of them is that. Their aluminum cans is for Children's Hospital for a burn fund. <SEP> So all the monies are donated for the recycling to Children's Hospital which I think is an excellent idea there because the other public. That's great. <SEP> That gives you a little bit of incentive there. <SEP> And before even at work. Before they started the recycling plan which at work they've only been doing since January first of this year I had had everyone in my department recycling. And I would have them drop their cans off in my office. Saving them for you. <SEP> And then I would haul them here to this place for the Children's Hospital Fund which got people really going into it. I think that's right. <SEP> But. I think helping us be more enthusiastic about it helping us maybe using the money for something special that would be like paying off the national debt. <SEP> That. There you go. Making sure. <SEP> That's for sure. But I think that's. I think there needs to be a little bit more in the area of advertisement and letting you understand more of what it is you're doing why you're doing it how it's done and what happens to it because I think that would help a lot. <SEP>. <SEP> And I'm sure in the near future I would think they would be coming out with more. I've seen a definite trend towards more recycling everywhere even at McDonald's with their use of no foam containers anymore. I. <SEP> I'm glad to see some of these things I think. <SEP> I think it is getting more advertisement. People are becoming more conscience all the time that it's necessary to do and that we need to somehow get away from the fact that we have to have everything individually wrapped. <SEP>. And all these things that. <SEP> I think that's true. I think. That's about my some on recycling. But I enjoyed talking to you. <SEP> I did too.
sw2790.txt:. What changes do you think have taken place in the last generation? I guess the biggest one is number of women in the work force. <SEP> Few are basically staying home and being homemakers and raising kids exclusively. I grew up in sixties and early seventies. And my mom didn't work at all when I was growing up. She didn't start working until I was well into high school. <SEP> So I had the advantage of having a mom at home that nowadays kids it's a luxury item for mothers to be home with their kids. Mine taught kindergarten. But she was always. I guess her schedule was shorter. So she was always home. Always home by the time you got home. That statistic has been growing every year. It's something around sixty sixty-five percent or so now. <SEP> I'm not sure what the future holds for that. Whether. It seems that there's a grass roots effort or whatever going on. I clean houses part-time. <SEP> And almost all the people that I clean for believe it or not are mothers that don't work. That's unusual. <SEP> They're all. I think it's kind of a new movement. It's going back towards. Women have come into the work force in the last twenty thirty years. And now they're wanting to go back to the old days where women stayed home with the kids and try to give the kids quality time. And I think you're going to see a lot more women choosing to not work after they have a baby. <SEP> I think with the salaries that. A lot of the women that I work for have husbands who are vice-presidents of companies. And I think with this it seems like it's more the upper-class people. I don't see it as much in my situation where I don't have children yet. But ideally I would like to be able to stay home with my kids. But realistically I'm realizing that's probably not going to be possible for middle-class people to be able to live just on one income. That is tough. We're looking at that now. My wife's about six months along. <SEP> I think it's going to be a luxury item to be able to stay home with your kids. It's going to kind of go along with the B M W in the driveway or in the garage or whatever. <SEP> And the quarter of a million dollar home or whatever. I'm surprised that the main people you work for are women that do stay home. I would think it would be women that were working full-time. Believe it or not though all the women that stay home are real busy when they are home. <SEP> They're real active in volunteer work. One of the women is real active with Muscular Dystrophy. And does a lot of work with them on a volunteer basis. But it's almost like a job. She just doesn't get paid for it. I guess that's good that they've got something to keep them active. <SEP> When your wife has her baby is she going to stay home. Or is she going to go back to work? We're going to try and have her stay home for as long as possible. What do you think? <SEP> That. I would like to be able to do that. We think it's that important. And I kind of hope that the trend goes back in that direction. I'm a counselor and a therapist. And I work with adolescents. And I see some of the problems the kids have when they don't have a real good family structure. <SEP> I see a difference in even the generation before me were mom was like June Cleaver or whatever. Where the attitudes were a lot different. As far as I think the kids back then seemed to be a lot more. There wasn't a lot of the drugs and alcohol and a lot of the things that are going on in today's society. <SEP> I think morally it seems like people were a lot better back then as far as higher standards. The husbands' roles are almost nonexistent in family anymore in terms of being the father figure. And with women working so much they're kind of pulled out of it too. So kids are raised around their friends and by the media. <SEP> That's true. And that's contributed. And I think you're going to see a lot more of that in the future. Maybe that's contributed to a lot of the problems that we see all the time. So. If there was some way for women to stay home even if they could work. There are a lot of jobs that are coming about in computers at home and those types of things that would at least in some ways bridge the gap. <SEP> I think that in the future the family unit as it once was known is going to be nonexistent. What do you think? About? <SEP> That as far as. Do you think there's going to be still a family unit. Do you think that the trend is going more towards single parenting? The balance. I don't. The divorce rate keeps hovering around fifty percent or so. And it got higher than that for a while. That's hard to say. Families are such a strange configuration anymore. I see a lot of families where. In the back. I grew up about the same time you did. And back in those times we pretty much were taught how to be responsible. <SEP> Nowadays it's not the case. Kids are bombarded with all kinds of junk. And one of the reasons is because there's so much more income in the family with both parents working. They get bombarded with junk. And they don't have to do anything around the house. They never learned to be responsible when. The bigger trend called the boomerang kids where they move out for a while. And they come back. And you got twenty and thirty year olds who are living at home with mom and dad. So. <SEP> You create a bigger family generation after generation but not really on purpose. So. It's not a real functional situation anyway. So I don't know that that trend's going to change the single parent type families. And the families as long as we've got so many other crazy things going on in society. <SEP> I think that eventually the family unit's just not going to even exist anymore. Like you said the divorce rate is getting so high that I think there's going to be more single parent families than there are two parent families. That's pretty sad. It is. I guess unless there's a major swing in the change of what's important to people probably keep going downhill. And I don't know. We feel that we can make it on one income. It may be tough. But we may have to give up on some things. <SEP> I think in the long run though your child will benefit from that. And it will make the strain worthwhile. I think so too. <SEP> I need to go ahead and wrap it up. It was really nice talking to you. I've enjoyed it Stephanie. <SEP> And thanks a lot.
sw2062.txt:What do you think in terms of benefits? Personally I think. Of course I'm sure we're familiar with the exact same benefit package. And I think that we've probably got one of the best around. Besides they tend to offer adequate vacation I guess. And the paid time off is wonderful. And one of the things that we were just talking about as a matter of fact this week at work was the CODA Plan that is offered. And I think that is just a fabulous one. So. I don't know if you participate in that or not. But. <SEP> Isn't it great? It's just a miracle how fast that adds up. I have to agree with that. I was thinking about importance of benefits and that kind of thing other than salary while I was waiting for the system to find a respondent. <SEP> And I started thinking that over the years that importance has changed. And I suspect that that's probably true for everyone. When I was much younger it was less important to consider retirement and less important to consider medical benefits. But as I grow older and my family grows the medical benefits are more important. And the retirement is more important. <SEP> I had never really thought of it that way. But I guess that's true I guess that's true. I'm still young enough that the vacation's real important to me. And the paid time off is real important to me and that kind of thing. But as a matter of fact I just celebrated my fifth year at T I the end of last month and kind of started looking through the book because of that. Now that I'm a hundred percent vested you kind of look through the book and see what does that mean and what is the pension all about. And when you're in your. I'm only in my late twenties now. So you tend not to think about retirement. But it's. I guess now is the time to think about it. So. Does T I have a pretty good retirement package? I think they have one that we need to recognize that we're going to have to supplement ourselves. And that's certainly one of the reasons that they've begun the CODA Plan. <SEP> It's certainly a supplemental way. And I suppose maybe in your instance if you're started with T I in your early to mid-twenties and happen to stay with them until you're sixty-five then you'll have a very good retirement plan. <SEP> But I had another career first and then came to T I a little later. So it's not. All by itself it won't be adequate for my situation. <SEP> It's not going to build up quite enough. So I have to find a way to supplement that. <SEP> They seem to make it so easy to save. One of the things that we're doing which is probably the worst investment in the world. But I've got money coming out to buy savings bonds just coming straight out of my check. And it's probably not a great investment. But if I wasn't doing that the money wouldn't be being saved anyway. I kind of have to trade off. If you never see it you don't spend it. And it's. I understand though. It. Believe me I do that myself. <SEP> Do you? And I disagree with you. I don't think it's the worst investment in the world. Do you really not? <SEP> I debate about whether it's really good or not. It's in terms of guaranteed return on investment. And maybe you don't start looking for that word guaranteed until later. <SEP> It's shown a history that sure beats anything else. Over many many years. That's true. That's very true. <SEP> We went and did a thing through I B S which is a financial consultant type thing here in Dallas. And one of the things that we talked about with the counselor there was. They work up this whole big profile for you all the things that you need to work on and you need to do. And then one of the things that we talked about with her was the need to save for our son's education. We have a two year old. And we can't start saving for college when he's sixteen. We have to do that now. And they have a way that they can figure what. And he's two now. In sixteen years when he's ready to go to college this is how much it'll cost. And it's just really scary the thought of how much it's going to. What it costs now is ridiculous. What it's going to cost sixteen years from now is just really scary. And they sat down and figured up that we needed to save between fifteen and seventeen hundred dollars a year at a six percent interest rate to be able to have money for his college. And that's exactly what we have coming out in saving bonds is about fifteen hundred dollars a year. So I guess it. In that way at least we know that that's taken care of. We can worry about other things. So. I understand that approach. That's exactly what's happening in my family. <SEP> Is it really? Except that mine are a little bit older. And I've shown them the numbers and said this is what's going to be available. All this is going to do is give you a little spending money while you're there. <SEP> You better make sure that you've got a scholarship. That's right. <SEP> That's right. That's what she said to us. She said do you all want him to go to a state college or a private college? And our answer was that we will have enough money available for him to attend a state college. And if he wants to go to a private college he can get a scholarship to attend. And that was kind of our view on it. It just costs too much. You just can't do it. So I don't know. It's. I don't. It just amazing. It amazes me how much the costs are going to go up over the next ten or fifteen years. I just don't know how anybody's going to do it. I know. And it gets really scary when you start talking to them. I have an eleven year old daughter now who's saying Dad I want to be an allergist. And I said that's wonderful. I applaud that. Let me explain to you how you get scholarships to do that. <SEP>. And then her little brother's only two years behind. <SEP> And he says I don't know. I think that I probably want to be a veterinarian. And I said that's great. Let me explain to you how you get scholarships to do that. That's right. <SEP> That's right. T I offers some good stuff. And then I think there's some negatives. But there's going to be some negatives anywhere no matter where you go. I have all. This is the first really large company I've worked for. I've. Always been involved in little small privately owned firms. And so I've never had the big benefit package. So I really don't know how to compare it to other big companies. When I came on it was great because I had never had anything even close to what they offered. So I've been real pleased. That's fantastic. And on whole I would say that they're equal to most of our competitors. <SEP> Think so? I can see some potential changes that probably would not cost very much but might make things a little easier. Such as offering a smorgasbord. Having a larger variety of benefits. But here's the amount that T I is going to pay for it. <SEP> And you can pick what you want. And. Now it's up to you. It's menu selection so to speak. <SEP> That sounds really good. I read a thing. I don't even remember if it was in the DALLASITE or the INSITE one about companies allowing you. And they said that T I was looking into it to purchase extra vacation days. Which I thought sounded like a good idea. If you've been there under five years and you get two weeks of vacation. But that's really not enough. And you want an extra week then you can purchase an extra week of vacation by saying I'm going to want an extra five days this year. And they'll take a set amount out of each paycheck. And they're deducting it all along. So you can have an extra five days off and be paid for them at the time. You're really not being paid for them. The money is actually coming out of your own pocket. But it's coming out a little bit at a time instead of all at once. So that is kind of an idea that a lot of people sounded like that they were really interested in. And T I said that they were looking into something like that. So. I could certainly personally stand seeing them go to a standardized compensatory time for overtime. <SEP>. And I don't believe any of us would have to purchase any extra vacation days if they did that. <SEP> <SEP> And I would certainly support something like four to one or five to one. Or maybe they want to get generous and make it three to one. As a repayment for every three to five days that I work overtime there they should give me one day. <SEP>. <SEP> But it should be a standard and not left up to either the whim or the current overhead rate that's running in each department. And. And a lot of that is left up to whoever your supervisor happens to be and what type of relationship you have with that person. And I see a lot of differences from one group to the next about who gets it and who doesn't get it. And that's that way with a lot of things there. It seems like it depends on what group you happen to be in what you're going to get and what you're not going to get. So. That's for sure. <SEP> Which is the same. But then it's probably that way anywhere. That's. I'm sure personalities always come into play. Just in this size of organization.
sw2433.txt:Ironically enough I'm sitting here with a cast on my leg because I resumed an aerobics class the night before last. I ripped the ligaments in my right ankle. <SEP> So. Exercise is not supposed to do that to you. That's what the nurses kept saying as they laughed all the way down the hallway. Do you do anything on a regular basis? <SEP> Off and on. Off and on. Right now I've been off. But I've been going over to the fitness center. That's a good. My husband's a T I -er in the unit here. Three times. <SEP> I try to go over there at least three times a week. And I try to walk at least five times a week. Do you when you go to the. I have to ask you. And if this is getting to. We're not supposed to get too particular. But I'm just curious. When you go over there does it bother you in terms of how things are arranged either at the Dallas location or the Spring Creek in terms of it's so much of a weight orientation weight lifting et cetera. I've been going to Spring Creek. I haven't been to the Dallas one now in a couple of years. <SEP> At least since they've supposedly redone. So I don't really. It's not that great. And I go to the Spring Creek one on and off. But my husband's working over there. And he just goes to the Dallas one. But I just don't. It's just so much weight lifting. Even the Spring Creek one has a lot of weights in it. That's true. Or is that what you're into. Or. <SEP> I've used the Nautilus equipment. And the bikes and stair climbers and stuff like that mostly. <SEP> I don't use the free weights. But. I like the tread mill and the stair master myself over there. I like those too. And the pool when it gets warmer. <SEP> And the pool. That's great. I know. What I did was I went to a jazzercise class in a new location in Richardson near where we live in North Dallas. And long story short I hadn't. This is really a stupid thing that happened. But they have the gymnasium flooring. And then they had about three feet of linoleum around the perimeter in the back where I usually stand in any class like that I go to. <SEP> Instead of having that level they had a chrome strip that wasn't level. And it was about four inches deep and then about a seventy degree angle. <SEP> And as we were jumping around or doing something I just jumped up and came right down on it. The orthopedist called it a basketball injury where the ankle just rolls under you and it snapped. <SEP> I know. We went to whatever in Plano. And the emergency room was like a bad comedy show. And the doctor said you didn't do anything. There's only a one in five hundred chance that the radiologist will call you. That was Tuesday night. And Wednesday night the radiologist called me at work. And I was on crutches. And he said I think you better call an orthopedist. So we went to one. And he just put a big old cast on it. <SEP> Put a big cast on it. For about four weeks. Four weeks. I like aerobics. But I'm not so sure that. <SEP> Not that much though. I've never. I was off for about six months too just for some other surgery I'd had. But I was pretty much in shape walking. And this is one of those things. Like this orthopedist said he said you'd be surprised how many people come in here with things like that because they are active. I was real embarrassed. But I felt kind of stupid. <SEP> Those things happen though. They do. I guess I'm glad that nobody really noticed. I guess you could say. Because I got up and started jumping on it again. <SEP> That did a lot of good. I'm sure. Really. I enjoy aerobics. And I do it because I like it. I like the music and that kind of stuff. <SEP> I like the music. But I've been unable to do that because I hurt my foot about five years ago. I broke my heel. And. That makes my foot. How'd you do that? In aerobics? <SEP> Actually I was up on a ladder and fell off. Leaned the wrong way. <SEP> And when I came down I hit with my full weight on my foot but on concrete. What'd they do for that? Did they have to cast it? They had to go in and do surgery. They put a pin in it. So the impact would not be good. <SEP> As I permanently damaged the cushion under my heel the normal cushion that you have there. <SEP> I can't do any jumping up and down because it makes it hurt. That makes sense. So are you in terms of other things not running but playing a little bit of tennis can you not do stuff like that at all? I haven't tried that. I don't know. I bet it's been thirty years since I played tennis. It's been. <SEP> Mostly into just walking and stuff like that. That's probably the safer way. Because I notice in aerobics a lot of the women that don't look like they shouldn't be doing certain things. I'm always afraid they're going to fall over and have a coronary. <SEP> And there was my ego when I went ahead. And I went I can do that. And half the time though I don't jump half as much as. I'm real tall. And I'm not heavy. But when you go easy you need just take it easy. <SEP>. But when I see some wo-. And I just don't think it's healthy. All that pounding all the time. <SEP> It's not really good for your knees. That's the other reason. And I don't know. This was just something freak that happened to me. Because I wasn't familiar with the. The floor was uneven. It was completely. It literally. The two dissimilar floor coverings were not level. And at first after it happened I thought maybe that's a handicap access. And then I said no. <SEP> That's just the way it's constructed. And my husband being a T I engineer. I said a few things to him when I got home. I said who has engineered that? <SEP> But I. Sounds you. One thing that I like like swimming you like that a lot? I like swimming. Do you like that what that voice said. Do you like to exercise because you want to or because you have to? <SEP> I liked it because I want to. It makes me feel better. That's how I am. If I don't do it I just feel like I don't have as much energy. <SEP> And it's real funny because if you. It seems like when you exercise and expend the energy that you'd be tired. But it's the other way around. It curbs the appetite and helps with the calories and all that stuff. But. <SEP> And I need all the help I can get. That gravity factor. I know. It does get you. Like that orthopedist said to me he said don't worry Diane. He said you're at thirty something. But you're on the upper side. He said that don't worry. He says even if you weren't doing anything that would start to happen to you. <SEP> A lot. Because I said I'm not that heavy. I'm not heavy. Maybe ten to fifteen pounds like any other human being. I said why do I feel like I need to start pushing myself more. And he goes human nature. <SEP> And then you see these little girls in these little bitty things. And they're all twenty-one years of age. But luckily at there's a little more diverse clientele. <SEP> That's true. They do. Except for the guys that lift the weights. They do intimidate. I try to go real late or real early before they get there. There some things I'd like to try. But sometime when I ask I just feel like am I stupid or what. <SEP> That's one thing I like about the Spring Creek place. At least one of the fellows that's there at night and on weekends is real helpful. And his name is B J. I think I've. There was some girl there. I've been there maybe a dozen times. <SEP> But I actually like that site better than the other one just because of the type people that go to. It's terrible. I don't know if the Dallas location. It just seems that. Sometimes I feel like I'm in a singles bar. <SEP> That's true. And I haven't noticed that up at Spring Creek. I haven't either. And I just. It's not that far of a drive. And I'm glad they did that. You're not missing anything at the Dallas renovated site. It's not at all anything worth talking about. <SEP> I thought maybe one of these days I'll drive over there and check it out. But if you don't live near there that's not worth. I live in Richardson. But it's about half way between the Spring Creek and the Dallas site. That's actually where this happened to me out in Plano. But it's all the same to me. Richardson over on Campbell and Park Hill there's a new recreation center. <SEP> And as we were doing it too everybody noticed that there were all these big guys of assorted nationalities. Walked out. I was one thing. I have purple tights on. And they're going. But in general I like dance a lot. So aerobics is something I'd hate to give up. But he kind of said something to me about probably not as bad as your foot. But he just said to me maybe you ought to try bicycling. Or. <SEP> You probably will for a while because it's going to be real tender. He told me eight to twelve weeks. Not anything. I said but you're only going to put the cast on for a couple of weeks. He said yeah. But that's just. They tried to put me in some kind of immobilized walker because he doesn't like to put casts on when it's warm. But I just. The more they tried to get my foot in the more I screamed. I couldn't adjust that. <SEP> I know what you mean. You know more about this stuff than I do obviously then. Not fun. You're walking okay now obviously. And you can. <SEP> I have a slight limp from it. But it matches one if I have one on the other side. Anything else about exercise we can talk about. <SEP> Other than I need to go. Me too. Me too. I need to go actually get something to eat here. It's great though. I really do enjoy it. Thank you Sandy. <SEP>.
sw3349.txt:What are your hobbies? Actually my hobbies now are T shirt making. I'm making T shirts and sweat shirts. In fact that's what I was doing when you called. That sounds interesting. What kinds of sweat shirts and T shirts do you make? <SEP> Right now I'm making Christmas ones with poinsettias and bears and all that kind of thing. Is that silk screening or. <SEP> I have material that I cut out. And then you. There's this stuff called Wonder Under that you iron it on. And then you iron that on the T shirt and you paint around it. I see. So it's real fun. I started doing it as just something fun to do. And now I'm selling them and pretty. How's it going? <SEP> Pretty good. I just started last week. And I sold seven. I wasn't expecting that. So. That sounds great. I guess in my spare time I'll be making T shirts. So. Somebody has to do it. <SEP> That's right. Give you a little Christmas money any way. That's correct. What are your hobbies? I kind of have hobby fads I guess. <SEP> When I was growing up I was into coin collecting. And that dropped off about the time I hit puberty. And then my hobbies in high school went just to the sports. Now my latest one is classic cars. I had a sixty-six Mustang I was rebuilding. Almost had it done. And I went ahead and sold it. <SEP> But it was fun. I really enjoyed it. How'd you learn to do that to fix them up? You just. <SEP> You just get a book that tells you how to do it or what? You just kind of. All I did is I bought the car. And then you can. I was just in a supermarket. And I seen a magazine for. Basically it was called MUSTANG MAGAZINE. And so I bought it. And they had some names some companies that sold mustang parts. And I just started ordering some parts. And basically what I did was I redid the whole interior. I didn't do too much to the engine because the engine was pretty good but the whole interior and then part of the exterior. Just kind of do it. <SEP> Where'd you get the car? We lived in South Dakota. And I bought it up there before I moved down here. So it was kind of rusted out there. There isn't too much rust on any vehicles down here. <SEP> That's true. That's true. That sounds neat. I guess there really isn't too much to talk about on hobbies. Let's see. That about covers mine. And T shirt making about covers yours. <SEP> Let's see. I've done other hobbies. I'm a hobby person. I've always done a lot of craft stuff. I always have done needlepoint and cross stitch and all that. And I collect dolls. I have a huge collection of dolls which is still in New Mexico with my parents. In New Mexico? From New Mexico. <SEP> Let's see. What else? I started collecting music boxes. I guess that's a hobby. That is. That's interesting. How many music boxes do you have? <SEP> Probably about twenty. Do they all play different songs. Or do some of them play the same song? <SEP> They all play different songs. That's neat. What's the most expensive one you bought? The most expensive. I don't know. I've gotten all of them for gifts. I don't. <SEP> Bought a few of them. I usually get them for Christmas gifts and when people go on trips or something. That's interesting. It used to be tea spoons was the thing. That's true. I never collected those. That's interesting music boxes. <SEP> I have dolls from all over too. That I started when I was a little girl. And I have a lot of dolls. People would always bring them when they go to the countries. And I did that when I went to Europe one summer. I bought a doll everywhere we went. So. How was Europe? <SEP> Economy. It was great. It was quick. I was in high school. And I was in a tour. And we went all. It's kind of to establish better rapport with the different countries. And it was called People to People. And we'd stay in people's homes. And then we got to also tour big cities. And I really enjoyed it. Was that in high school. Or was that a college thing? <SEP> In was in high school. So I'd like to go back because we had. Everything was rushed. I bet. Everything was an hour or two hours at the Louvre things like that where you need the whole day. But it really. <SEP> That's where a camcorder would come in handy. That's true. That sounds real neat. So you haven't been back to Europe since then? <SEP> I always thought I would. But who knows now. I got married and maybe some day. Maybe it's one of those retirement things. There you go. Does you husband. What does he think of your T shirts and. He likes it all right. He's been pretty good because there's T shirt stuff all over the house. Does he help out much. Or.
sw2539.txt:. When you baby-sit what age group children do you sit with? All kinds. Mostly between the ages of two and ten. <SEP> A few summers ago I kept two children every day for the entire summer. And they became like my children. I'd think so. And they live in an apartment complex. So we swam a lot. And we played on the playground a lot. And then we would go to a movie on Thursdays. And there was always an activity. They had their favorite T V shows and things like that that we watched. And then we took naps. And I don't know. It just seems like there was always something to do. Children are so full of energy. <SEP> And they just keep you going. Was this a one parent or two parent family? One parent. <SEP> One parent. She's just. How much time did she spend with them? Not much at all. I would get there at eight o'clock in the morning. The children usually weren't awake by then. And she would get home at five thirty in the afternoon. <SEP> And they would have dinner. And then it was time for them to go to bed. Now at this particular time the children were two and six. But then I also. I've been baby-sitting this child for about eight years. He's nine now. And I've watched him grow up. And he's like a little brother to me. <SEP> And it's changed over the years. We get along a lot better now that he's older. And we do different things now. We used to play ball a lot. But now he likes to watch T V. And he's into wrestling. And I kept him on Friday night. We went to go see a movie and things like that. But I feel like when I have children I want to be able to spend a lot of time with them. <SEP> You say you go to school? I go to L S U. And what are you studying? Communications. <SEP> Sounds like you're getting a lot of experience in communicating with children. I love children. I don't know. Seem when I was growing up my Mom stayed at home with me and my brother until we were in junior high. And I don't. I think it was very beneficial to us. <SEP> In the summer we were always in the library programs reading books. And we went skating a lot. And she was just always there for us. But nowadays if there are two parents to a family the mother works just as hard as the father does. And the children either stay at home and get into trouble. Or they're stuck in a day care. And I just don't want my children to have to be raised like that. All my friends their parents worked all the time. They got to stay at home by themselves. And when I was younger I thought they were lucky because they got to get away with things like I couldn't ride my bike across the street but they could because their Mom would never know it. <SEP> But now I realize that it was better because they have got into a lot of trouble because of lack of supervision. <SEP> That certainly can happen now if. You say you're in communications. What base of communications would you be most interested in getting in to? I'm majoring in public relations. <SEP> Public relations. So you would have a job with a company? Rather than radio or television or newspapers or what have you. Ma'am. <SEP>. <SEP> And then you'd be willing to give up your job to stay home or stay with the children? I would like to stay at home with my children for at least the first five years. But what I plan to do in the future is go ahead and get my upper education as far as my masters and work on my doctorate and teach college. <SEP>. And in that case then I'll be at home when my children are at home. But I'd like to stay at home with them until they get at least into kindergarten where they're at school from eight to three or something. <SEP> And then I would be at my school teaching. <SEP> And. That's is an advantage of being in the education field. I spent thirty-four years in education. <SEP> And so. What grade? I started out with college and then went to high school. And then I preferred the high school age level much better than I did the college because you have a closer relationship with the students that. Did you? <SEP> What did you teach? I taught physical education. I started out as a P E major in education. <SEP> I wanted to be a P E teacher. I sure did. <SEP> I found that it was a perfect combination from the standpoint of having vacations off at the same time. And it worked out fine from that standpoint plus the fact that when I left. Usually my husband was seldom home for maybe forty-five minutes or so. And then our son he had to get on the bus. <SEP> And he did get on the bus. It was his responsibility. And he never ever thought of not going to school in view of the fact that he was certain I had a hot line to his school. Because I. Absolutely. <SEP> I was in physical education then. And I just kept getting pushed into administration. Wound up in administration. And so he thought surely that I would have bought a hot line to know if he ever skipped school which of course was not the case. <SEP> And I wouldn't have checked on him. However there are points both directions in that from the standpoint of parents working and not working. I listened to more than one parent say I don't know what this child wants. I'm working two jobs. They each have their own television. They each have their own telephone. They each have their own rooms. They each have this. They each have that. I'd say but what they don't have is you. That's right. They need some attention. <SEP> Absolutely. And I think out. Because that is the way of getting attention. Whenever my Mom stayed home with us we did without a lot. We were. It's hard to make it on one income. That's right. But we did. And we lived in a trailer for eighteen years. <SEP> And we only had one car. We only had one telephone. We didn't get to eat out all the time. But I feel like that it helped me now because I appreciate the value of the dollar. <SEP> And I also had the supervision that I needed while I was growing up. And I hope that I can provide that for my child too. And we need more of that. We need more parents willing to supervise. Though we've had such a breakdown in the family structure from the standpoint of church and school and everything along the way. We have. <SEP> And that has contributed much to the delinquency that works grant and the poor school results that we're having. That the students' parents have just not really taken enough interest in them from the very very beginning. And I think my feeling was that the very best teachers should be in grades one two and three. To get the students off to a good start let them have positive experiences from the lower levels so they want to continue learning and keep going and not wait until they're in the ninth and tenth grades. It's too late then. You can not reverse that trend at that point. It is. <SEP> It's way too late. I agree. <SEP> And while parents very often will be involved with the school activities when the child's in the elementary school. They get into the high schools so often they seem to drop away at that point. And that is just as valuable at that time as to the rush in the elementary. It is. Because all the peer pressure it starts in high school. <SEP> And the parent really needs to be there for the child. And the child needs to take pride in the fact that their parent is doing something. We were fortunate in view of the fact that my son did play football. And I did keep statistics for his team. And his Dad did take movies of the football team and movies of the basketball team. <SEP> And we tried to be a part of it but not overshadowing him or making him feel that we had to be there all the time. So I feel that I learned a great deal from my students with regard to what their biggest complaints were with parents. And a thing such as. One of the biggest complaints I well remember because I spent a lot of time with seniors was carrying their. <SEP> When I was your age I didn't have this or that. And I know I never ever said that because I knew that that was one thing that was really irritating to young people. I guess that was good that you were hearing it from other students. <SEP> And I had to deal with their problems. And I could talk about the kinds of problems which they were bringing that they had just in general aspect. And our son would share this. And then he would have to make decisions for himself along those same types of lines. So that I think he benefited from my experiences. Does your son work for T I? <SEP>. He works for a different company. In the Dallas area. But when he went away to coll-. And he was on the lawns from the time he was in the seventh grade and a small and all the way through college. And he held three jobs. Wally was in college. And we didn't even know it. <SEP> He didn't even tell us. That he had three jobs. But when he graduated he had a five thousand dollar bank account. And we had told him that if he ever wanted to go to college he could go. If he got married he was on his own. If he flunked out he was on his own.
sw2362.txt:I assume you have kids. We have one. She's only nine months old. She doesn't have to worry about public schools yet. <SEP> My degree is in teaching. So. We have a little bit of a basis for conversation. I was a substitute teacher for about a year. <SEP>. I thought I wanted to be a teacher. But before I went through all of that I wanted to see how I was going to like it. And they. In Alabama where I came from they allow you to substitute if you got a four year degree. So I went out and played substitute for a while and decided not for me. <SEP> Did you teach in all subjects or in all grade levels. Or. It was. I just took grades one through six. I thought I was going to be smart and get the good kids wrong. <SEP> My degree was in fourth through seventh grade. But I taught junior high. And I expected it to be a lot of trouble. But it wasn't that bad. I taught remedial reading kids. <SEP> And they don't call it remedial reading these days they call it something else. But at the time that's what I taught. And you kind of group your behavioral problems together that way when you have your slow readers. <SEP> But it wasn't too bad. We got long real well. I sometimes wonder if I didn't mess up. I maybe should have taken the higher grades because at least if you have to you can get mean with them. Those little kids don't understand it. <SEP> I. Especially with the real young ones. I started out wanting to teach lower primary and then top primary and thought I don't like this as much and ended up moving up and got up until about the sixth. And so that's what I got my certification in. But I had decided long before I was even married that I wanted to if possible teach my kids at home and not put them in the public schools. <SEP> And my reason for that was I don't like. The varied inappropriate influences that you find so much in the public schools. That's a nice way of putting it. <SEP> You can find a lot of good public schools if you look real hard. But I don't think they could cover everything that you could teach your children on an individual basis. And too most people don't have that option. <SEP>. And plus it also depends on the district you're in as on the. I've seen some districts where all the schools are lousy it doesn't matter what you do. Accept for the private ones of course we're talking about public. <SEP> I don't know. Back when I was going to school you just didn't get away with the things these kids get away with now. You pulled stunts like that and you were down at the principal's office and usually bending over to get five of the best. <SEP> But nowadays they can barely scold the children for something without getting sued. And the crime is just escalated and the drugs and even in the lower schools. <SEP> The thing that really did it for me I was subbing in a fifth grade class. And this kid comes to school with his lunch box. And inside this lunch box he's got easily two hundred to two hundred and fifty dollars in one dollar bills. And I asked him what are you doing with that? And he says `` My father gave it to me. ''. And I didn't believe it for a minute. <SEP> But the. Not a lot I could do about it. Can't stop the kid from bringing money to school if he wants. <SEP> Crazy for him to. But. I have. I've full-. I think I understood what the kid was doing he was a. Let's just say he was one of those types that you wouldn't doubt that he was selling something. But not a lot I could do about it. <SEP> We had the problem when I was teaching. I was eighth and ninth graders that I worked with. And if we did have a student come in and they were drunk or they were on something you had the option of calling the police and have them taken out of the schools or trying to teach them something while they were there. And you don't know if you were reaching them or not. But we felt like maybe just going ahead and trying to teach them was better than have them taken out. Because that just. That doesn't do a lot for them. It alleviates your problem. <SEP> But it doesn't do anything for them. Most the time if they were. Some of them were even better behaved. I've only had two instances where it was really noticeable. But they were better behaved when they were. I don't know if was alcohol or something else that they were on. But it ended up better. But. I don't know. Guns and. I don't know. It's something. <SEP> I think there's a problem too with teachers trying to be so versatile that they do loose sight of the basics. They've been a big drive especially in the seventies to return back to the basics. And I'm not completely just teach the basics in schools. But I think there does need to be a reemphasis of those because of our lower grades in the standardized test and such. <SEP> It's indicative across the board that we've done something wrong. And when you see Koreans and Chinese and Japanese who are taking all the science jobs all the engineering jobs all the mathematical jobs. And here we are. We can't balance a checkbook without a calculator. <SEP> I don't know. I spent a year and a half in Japan also. And I've seen how their school system works. And I. They go by a complete rote system. You just memorize everything. <SEP> And then at the end of a certain time period you spitted everything back out. And the better the memorizer you are the better your grades are going to be. So I don't completely agree with that either. <SEP> But there definitely needs to be a balance somewhere. That's a great deal what law school's like. <SEP> Is it? Is that what you ended up going into? <SEP> And I did the same sort of thing. They just. You sit there and read hundreds and hundreds of cases. And then you get one examine for the whole semester. And it's how well you can remember it all. <SEP> How much can you stuff in your brain. And I found that a particularly useless way of studying. I never did. I always tried to understand things not tried to memorize. <SEP> And consequently some of the very best students had excellent memories. But they couldn't put two and two together as far as the law was concerned. <SEP> It didn't show me anything. A year and a half I gave it up. I wasn't really wa-. I didn't want to be a lawyer anyway just wanted the degree. <SEP>. <SEP> I don't know. What can we do about it? Good question. <SEP> Probably. Money is not the answer. Taking. <SEP> There's plenty of money in the system. It's just. They're throwing more money at it now than ever before. And things are getting worse. <SEP> I think it's like a lot of things in the United States. We've got so much built up in the bureaucracy and in the politics of it. And in the power plays that it needs to be pulled down and started over again. And there's no way that that can be done. <SEP> Not without wiping out a whole generation of kids in the school system. <SEP> Maybe on smaller scales. I don't know. I. As much as I didn't like school when I was going through it from my perspective now I can see that it's a lot better than what we have now. <SEP> And I think part of it is that they've got to give authority back to the local school. It's silly that these people are handcuffed when it comes to discipline. <SEP> Right into the classroom it needs to be able to be enforced. <SEP> Teachers are so afraid now of even saying something to students because they're going to get complaints or they're going to get sued or something. <SEP> It's like doctors in lawsuits. They're kind of fearful of everything. <SEP> Lawyers help create that. That's. At least I've heard that. I haven't fortunately been in a situation where it's been applicable to me. <SEP> But. I think what we've turned the school schools into now are just day-care centers. Somebody. We're going to send our kid here for seven or eight hours a day. And he's out of our hair. <SEP> And the other part of it is parents have quit becoming parents. They're just. <SEP> It has to be reinforced in the home. I. You can have the best school system in the world if you don't get anything at home then it's not going to help either. <SEP> So I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what the answer is. It's an interesting thing you want to do. I. How is Texas about keeping your children out of public schools. Do they allow it? <SEP> They allow it under certain circumstances. You have to prove that you're teaching them something. You have to follow a preferred curriculum. They try to encourage you to follow a specific curriculum although you don't have to. <SEP> And then if you have particular religious beliefs they're kind of monitored. They will allow you to. I can't think of any examples. But certain religious groups don't want their children in public schools because the influence. And maybe they were a group of Mennonites or something like that. I don't think they're were in this area. But they are monitored by the State School Board. <SEP> That's interesting. I remembering reading a few cases about that when some people first tried that and they got sued. Got taken to court by the school system. I'm glad the parents won. It seems silly that we started. That's the way you got your education in this country. <SEP> And then.
sw3049.txt:What was one of the latest ones that you've seen actually? I think we rented PRETTY WOMAN a couple months ago. <SEP> The last two years I have done more theater movie going than I have actually watched videos at home. I've become available to come and go more often. So I said `` it's worth it. I'll just go at the matinee hour. And I can see what I please. ''. <SEP> It's no more costly than renting one. The last. I went about two or three weeks ago and saw F X TWO. And that is a really good movie if you like special effects. Kind of gory and lots of action. <SEP> I have not done that one. I don't know if I have even heard of that one. Do you know that I don't follow performers. I don't follow actors. Some I know. <SEP> Some I don't. And he was. But the one that played in it that I liked best was the one who was in the one about the old people. <SEP> COCOON? COCOON. He was a blond haired heavyset alien in COCOON. <SEP> I don't know what his name is. I think I know who you are talking about though. At any rate I also saw not long ago ONCE AROUND. That was with Richard Dreyfuss. <SEP> And that one was just a very poignant story. It had people. A lot of people said it was a really funny movie. But it was a poignant humor. And it was like STEEL MAGNOLIAS. The characters played very well off one another. <SEP> And there was humor involved. But the story was a very dramatic story. And I enjoyed it very much. What are some others that you have seen lately? I'm trying to think. Just the other night on H B O we watched THE HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER again. <SEP> And that's one that. That's one I can watch over and over and over again. <SEP> I was going to read while it was on. But then when it started I just couldn't read. That was a really good movie. It sure was. And the second time you see it you understand more subtleties in it. There are a number of good movies like that. There's quite a few movies out now that I would like to go see. My husband is not a real big movie goer. <SEP> And I guess more than anything that is why we don't go. <SEP> Plus by the time you get a baby-sitter and then pay to go to the movies it just gets pretty expensive. You don't work? <SEP> I stay at home. You are going to have to find a mother's day out and have him call in sick one day. Go during the day. That's right. That's right. There's nothing wrong with that. Go in the early hours. It's a matinee. It's not crowded. And the price is as reasonable as renting a video. <SEP> And that's the way I do it. And I go quite frequently. If you are going to be planning on doing that. I was WARLOCK too which is supposed to be the story of a witch hunt that is magically shot into the present time. <SEP> And the first five minutes or ten minutes of the movie I was very well persuaded to walk out. Very well persuaded. There was more gore than I was interested in seeing. But as the movie settles down to a comfortable action I can't really that it would have gotten more than a star and a half from me either. But the action was comfortable. <SEP> And of course I enjoyed those good guy bad guy type conflicts things. So I enjoyed that movie after the first few minutes of gore. And there were some others. But they were done a little more tastefully. But in the first scene the warlock chopped off a guy's finger because he wanted the ring and then bit his tongue out and spit it off in the omelet. <SEP> And I could not handle that. I said `` I'm glad I have not had dinner''. Then I saw AWAKENING. That's a wonderful wonderful job by Robin Williams and Peter De Niro. I. Robert De Niro? Robert De Niro. What did I say Peter? <SEP> I think you said Peter. I said Robert De Niro. And he has done a really good job of characterizing the disabled person. <SEP> And of course Robin Williams always just has an air about him that you can't help but enjoy what he is doing. Even when he's sad you great faith that he will get happy again. And then there's a couple or three that I would like to go see before they go into videos. I guess I can wait another month. And they will be videos. <SEP> One is SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. I've heard a lot about that one. They say if you really want some suspense that's the one to see. And I understand that's a sequel to an earlier movie that showed about two weeks ago on television. I think I read about that too. And then THELMA AND LOUISE. I think it's time we had a lady abuse the guys movie. It's about time for one of those. I want to go see that. <SEP> And I'm going to try to get in DANCES WITH WOLVES. You haven't. I've heard that is wonderful. I've heard it's wonderful too. But it's just that they are both very long movies. <SEP> And the matinee starts before I can get away from work. And after that I get involved in other things and don't want to go back. <SEP> I've heard that's. We rented the other one. I was trying to think of the other one that we had rented lately was PRESUMED INNOCENT with Harrison Ford. I guess he's in there. <SEP> And I thought that was really good. I saw that. And I can not remember too much about it. It was the one where he was a defense. Not defense. He was a prosecu- -cuter. <SEP> And there was a murder of one of the women that was in the D A - 's office. And then he ended up being accused of it. That's right. I remember now. I remember. <SEP> So it really kind of had a turn at the end when you found out who it was. I've had a hard time enjoying Harrison Ford in anything since the Indiana Jones movies. I think he ought to stay Indiana Jones. I realize that he would like his career to develop. But I don't want to see him in other things. But I tell you Sean Connery in the HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER. I never did care for him in the James Bond movies. I don't know. He was too. I was never into those movies either. I didn't care for the type of movie. But he was always slick and greasy and seemed to be conceited and had more women than he needed. And I didn't like him. But he has really developed into a marvelous character actor as he has come older. <SEP> I thought he looked real good with a beard too. He does. And there's a. I don't know. I think that beard gives him a look that he is always grinning whether he is or not. And he has that merry look about his eyes that looks like he stays in mischief all time. And I enjoy those. And I enjoy some of the Michael J. Fox movies. I didn't care too much for the last one either. It just was not enough to it. <SEP> What was the last one? I'm trying to think. The last. BACK TO THE FUTURE then was the last one. It was called HARD WAY where he was an actor trying to portray a policeman. <SEP> Trying to. And that.
sw2492.txt:What kind of lawn and garden work do you do? Right now the place where I'm living the yard was basically neglected for about the last twenty-five years. So I've been trying to rebuild and reestablish the entire lawn. And after three years of working at it I've been amazed at just what a little bit of doing help out things to the lawn has really brought it back. Instead of mowing in the same direction every time changing one time you'll cut the lawn the long way then you'll go the opposite way instead of going lengthways you go width. And it helps the grass come back. Does it really? I didn't know that. You've been working on it for three years? <SEP> For three years. What have you done? Killing lots of fire ants. <SEP> I was firmly convinced the entire front yard was nothing but one gigantic ant mound. <SEP> Because it was like you couldn't even stand still out there. I can barely hear you. Is this better? A little bit. <SEP> It was like you'd go out in the yard to water something you'd just be standing still. And the ants would start crawling up your legs. It's like I'm not standing in a mound though. How did you get rid of them? <SEP> Dursban Two. A chemical called Dursban Two. Dursban Two. <SEP> It's a crystal. Dursban will get rid of just about anything. So you haven't had a problem with that since? Not bad. Every once in a while you'll have a mound pop up. <SEP> But that's to be expected. Did it kill anything else it wasn't supposed to? Not really. <SEP> As far as I can tell it hasn't killed anything it wasn't supposed to. Even the area of the grass that was underneath and around the mounds it didn't kill it. That's pretty wild. We used it for fleas. We had fleas in our yard real bad last year. And we did that. I'm not. Basically I like to mow the lawn believe it or not. But I sometimes have problems starting the mower. So a lot of times I won't get out and do it. But my husband basically does most of it. And he does the edging and all that kind of thing. And we're renting. And so we don't really put a lot of money into the. This lawn could probably stand a couple of loads of dirt and some Saint Augustine. We have winter rye out back. And we have. I don't even know what it is out front. But this is the first house we've ever lived in. And we're just not real into the lawn probably because we're renting I guess? So it. <SEP> You said you had problems with fleas last year in the yard? We were getting. <SEP> I found one thing that it's kind of a weird thing to say to put out on the lawn. But every time I've done it it drives the fleas completely out of the area. What? <SEP> Powdered sulphur. I wonder why it does? You don't have to put a whole lot out. Just if you've got a broadcast spreader I think it comes in a forty-pound bag. <SEP> And it's real fine like flour. And you just go out and do the entire yard. <SEP> And you don't have to put clumps of it. Just very lightly cover the entire yard. I'll have to remember that because hopefully we won't have them this year. But we have a cat that comes in and out. And the cat was getting fleas and stuff and bringing them in the house. So we had a real problem last year with fleas. And it was quite a drag because we got them in our house. And we're Christians. And we prayed that we could get rid of these fleas. And we got rid of them believe it or not with smoke bombs which is just about impossible to do. But we did. And so we don't want them back this year? So I'll remember that if we see it's a problem in the yard. We're almost. They were so bad last year even ticks. I don't know. We've had ticks before a lot. And we've had to get out and treat our lawn for that. I think we used Dursban and Diazinon and get out there and do what you do with that thing and spread it all out everywhere. But that's about the extent of our lawn care. So I don't know. Do you enjoy doing it? I love it. My wife can't understand. It'd be a hundred degrees outside I'll be out there. But it's too hot to be working in the yard. <SEP> I'm under the trees. I'm having fun. And I'm stopping to drink water. So what's the problem? That's funny. Not everybody enjoys it though. Everybody has a different thing. I kind of enjoy it. And my husband doesn't. I kind of have to. Sometimes I'm too busy to get out there and do it. And he doesn't really enjoy doing it. But he'll do it. And he doesn't gripe about it or anything. But I'm kind of like you. And he's kind of like your wife. In that he doesn't really enjoy it. But I would like to have a garden. That's my thing. But right now where we're living we have the trees where their roots are at the top of the ground everywhere over the ground. I don't know what kind of trees they are. But you can't have a garden. You can't till it. Or it'll tear up a nice tiller. So we're going to wait until we move. We don't have a lot of sun either because it's big trees back there. So we're going to wait. And when we move that's one of our priorities is to get a house where we can have a garden. And so I'd like to do that. I have a feeling I'll be out there all the time taking care of that. But that's our next thing. Do you have a garden? I've got the. This is the neat thing about the place we ended up at. Sitting on about a two acre lot now. <SEP> And. The back half is my garden. Are you kidding? That sounds fun. Where do you all live? In Missouri City. Wh-. <SEP> Southwest side of Houston. Southwest where? Southwest Houston. Because we're in Dallas. I guess I assumed you were here. That's neat. And. That's what we want. We have a. That's really what we want. But we just haven't been able to do that yet. So one day we'll be able to do it. And I'm excited about it. And then I don't know anything about it. I have to learn. And then you'll have to give me a call on gardening. <SEP> What do you do in your garden. And I'll go nothing. What should I do? But I guess that's about it though. It sounds like we've covered all the bases. So I guess we'll let you go. And do you have anything else you wanted to say? It's just I've had an very enjoyable conversation with you. <SEP> I know you too. I hope you have a nice day. And we'll talk to you later. You too. <SEP>.
sw3083.txt:What do you think is the biggest problem? The biggest problem in this part of town seems to be the attitude and the atmosphere in the schools that you can throw money at it. <SEP> But it's. I don't know. To me it seems like the schools are reflecting society in a bigger way because the general values that we're teaching kind of conflict with what we expect out of people in school. <SEP> Do you think it's the values that they're teaching in school or the values they get from home. The values more or less at home and the T V just a general. Learning is not a revered endeavor really. It's a lot more. It's socially unacceptable. But whereas in a person that stud-. They put a lot more emphasis on athletics. And things like that are a lot more glorified generally in society. And I think that carries over to school a lot. <SEP> So. I think that the biggest problem is with the home environment being part of it. If. I think too many parents expect the school to teach the moral aspects of things to the kids while we're not going to worry about teaching you manners or teaching you respect for anyone or anything like that and then expect them to pick it up at school. You're not going to do that. You're going to carry to school out into the world what you learned at home. And I think that that part of that showing up now with things because kids have probably less respect for people in other things than we may have seen in the past. And part of it's the family I think. And part of it's the living conditions certain people are subjected too. Drugs is a big problem now. And I think that's another root problem. <SEP> I wonder if that's a root problem or not. Because I think about that a lot. And it's just like everybody likes to blame everything on drugs now. But I wonder. Do you get the. That's kind of side tracked. But I just remember seeing on the news the other night they had the thing about how Catholic schools are doing so much better. I thought of course they're doing better and not so much when I was growing up. Catholic schools are generally considered a little bit easier than the public schools. But they still had a better success rate simply because they started with a lot better raw material. Everybody that went to a Catholic school at least had education as a priority like you said and kind of had a whole conducive atmosphere to it. <SEP> And I wonder if not so much that. I think like you say it's the socioeconomic mix. They're. You look at the schools like that where you've got a lot of kids that might be more well off going to a private Catholic school or whatever. And they're not all that way. But some that are they're not quite the same as the kids that are going to the inner city public schools. <SEP> This is interesting because in my mind I don't have the stereotype of a Catholic school being a suburban kind of environment. But this was actually inner city. <SEP> People were sending. Just because their kids had the ability and the drive to try and get an education they didn't send him to a public school. Like you said you have the drug problem and just the general atmosphere where you're pressured not to learn in instance. In a lot of cases like that if kids are going to a public parochial school like that it's because the parents are more interested in them receiving an education. I think it shows that the parents have some desire for the kid to do well. And that may be passed on down to the kid as well. And maybe they pick up on that. And then from the other aspect maybe the school itself has more emphasis on trying to do a good job because the classes may be smaller. They may be able to give the resources that's needed to do a good job. <SEP> I mean. And what would you do to fix the school systems? That's a tough question how to fix the school system. With. I would try to see about getting parents more involved with try to come up with more ways to do that. Stress the importance of education to both the parents and the students and more classes that are. And I think this is happening some around the country in terms of morals trying to teach the kinds of things that aren't getting taught at home and respect for other people. I think that's a big part of it. People. If you don't care about property and people you're not going to care about learning. <SEP> You're not going to really care about yourself. That's what I was going to say. It's the chicken and the egg thing. I wonder a lot of times people literally tear apart their own schools vandalism wise. <SEP> And you get. It's been a while since I been in high school. They're even in grade school when they do that. But I can't remember exactly what goes through their head when they're doing that. But you got to think in a way it's kind of a outward showing of that they don't think they have a chance of doing anything and take it out on the school. And I. But that's not an easy task. That's why I say it's a tough question what would you do. Because even trying to instill those values is kind of hard when you're growing up in a home which may be just the pits. And you don't have any kind of a good environment to live in. It's kind of hard to say you need to take care of other people's stuff as well when you barely have anything yourself. So. I could see where that would be a problem. And I think it's.
sw2466.txt:. That made a nice ugly sound. So. Your name is Lynn? <SEP> Linda. Linda. Sounds like you like to read. I read quite a bit probably don't read as much as I would like to. <SEP> I don't read as much as I would like to either. I'm a single mom. But I have always loved reading. What do you like to read? I'm a therapist by trade. So most of my books are what you'd call self improvement type of books. <SEP> That what I've been reading lately a lot of. My interests switch around dramatically. I used to read just mainly fiction. And now like a said I've read a lot of self help books. What kind of things have you read? I read all kinds of things for helping people survive a divorce. <SEP> THE ROAD LESS TRAVELLED was probably one of my favorites. Have you read that? I haven't gotten through it yet. You haven't? <SEP> What would you recommend? As far as dealing with divorce? I'm kind of getting that one past me but a good self help book. Good self help. <SEP> Probably the best one that I know of and I work with all the time is called SEARCH FOR SIGNIFICANCE by Robert McGee. That sounds good. <SEP> And it's one that we use in our work. It's probably one you'd find in a Christian book store. I don't know what the chains are down there. Maybe in the mall family book store something like that. I'm writing it down. That sound really good. What kind of counseling do you do. Or should we stay on the topic of books? Probably should stay on the topic. But that has a little bit to do with some of the things that I read. <SEP>. I'm a therapist for Rossa. It's a Christian treatment organization. And because of that I work with adolescents specifically. So I see a lot of kids with various problems. Right now some of the things I'm working with are kids that are dealing with sexual abuse. So a lot of the books I've been reading have to do with helping them get through those issues. <SEP> I would imagine helping them feel good about themselves. They're at a bad stage anyway. And then to have to deal with sexual abuse would be terrible as a teen. That must be a wonderful feeling to be in that profession and be able to make a contribution like that. Sometimes it's rewarding. And sometimes it's a struggle. <SEP> I'm sure. I'm sure. What oth-. Is that just the only type of reading you've been doing. Or have you read any good novels lately? I guess I've got so many books like that that I need to read. It's hard for me to do a lot of reading just for enjoyment. Just joy reading. <SEP> I hear you there. That's for sure. In fact. I guess the last book I've read. My oldest daughter had to read LOST HORIZONS for her English class. <SEP> And I just realized I had never read it growing up. So I just finished reading that for enjoyment. That's neat. And it was good. She didn't enjoy it much. So I didn't get much satisfaction trying to discuss it with her. But I thought it was real interesting. I've always wanted to go back and read some of my literature texts from college because I enjoyed some of those stories so much. <SEP> But I never seem to have the time to do that kind of reading. I know. <SEP> I trying to think of some of my other favorite books. But I keep lists. I must have a list of two hundred three hundred books that I want to read. Just I want to read that and I write it down. I've got a stack next to my bed. <SEP> So do I. I tend to get a little bit of ways in a book. And then I get distracted or have to start on another one. It's pretty tough to keep up with. I was trying to think of. I've got a copy of THE ROAD LESS TRAVELLED. But I was trying to think there's another Scott book that I've got that I had read. He also wrote PEOPLE OF THE LIE. That's the one I was thinking of. <SEP> I bought that one. And I didn't get involved in that one as well. There's another one he wrote that even sounds better. And it's kind of the whole concept of global peace and building communities. Someone just recently said something really neat about that. I got involved in Beginning Experience Weekends. And it was of the people from there that said that. His latest book is just excellent. And his whole idea is we can build a better world if people get involved in good community building projects. And he did mention Beginning Experience Weekends as one of the places. <SEP> So I've ha-. That's interesting. It really was. A real fun bunch of books that I read the beginning of last year were. <SEP> I can't think of his name. Is it? Pardon me? <SEP> It'll come to me. But he wrote the ILLUSION and A BRIDGE TO FOREVER. Those are mind expanding books. His concepts are so different than what I would have ever dreamed of. I can't think of what his name is right off the bat though. But they were fun. They were real just books for fun. <SEP> Have you been involved on the Switchboard long? Not very long. I really just started. How did you get involved? My wife has been working for T I. <SEP> I see. I'm a former T I-er. I just recently quit. And so I got myself involved in a sales job. And right now my list of books to be read have to do with the art of selling. I was just thinking at Rossa. They tend to come out with a new book every couple of weeks just to help us deal with all the things that we have to deal with. <SEP> So I keep getting stacks of books I need to read. And I don't know when I'm going to get to them all. Never. Never. <SEP> There's never going to be enough hours in the day. I don't think so. Even if you took speed reading. I don't think so. <SEP> So I'm trying to think of what other kind. Do you like to read mysteries. A little bit. Do you like Ken? Trying to think. <SEP> He writes spy novels THE EYE OF THE NEEDLE. And I really have found his books enjoyable. I like that kind of stuff. I think the last novel I read I read in conjunction with my wife over vacation last year. It was a. It's called THIS PRESENT DARKNESS. <SEP> It's kind of unusual book. It's a lot about spiritual warfare and some things like that. That sounds interesting. It sounds really good. You should make yourself a promise that you'll read one novel in the next six months just for you. <SEP> It's so easy to get caught up on reading just for your work or self improvement. And you kind of forget the fun of reading. That's true. Very easily. So. I guess we've covered the topic pretty thoroughly. <SEP> I think so too. And I thank you for calling. Nice talking to you Linda. And I'll have to check out that book you told me about. <SEP> Hope you like you it. Thank you. <SEP> You take care. You too.
sw3360.txt:My personal opinion I don't mind paying taxes necessarily. I just sometimes wonder if our money is being used in the best way. Sometimes when I hear what they're even what the politicians are making when they're getting a hundred and fifty thousand plus benefits and that I think that's just a bit too much to be paying them. And that's all tax money. When you figure out how many politicians and each one getting that much it's just billions of dollars. That's is just being thrown away. <SEP> And then when you read about that they're spending all the money on these studies that have no relevance whatsoever that kind of ticks you off too. But somebody was telling me the other day that they heard some senator say that what we're paying it's not that we mind paying taxes it's that we're paying too much for a lousy government. <SEP> And I tend to agree with that. I'm not really into what they're doing per se. <SEP> And I think there's just too many levels of bureaucracy. I think it can be managed by less levels. I know any time there's a big budget cut. I work with the state. And any time there is a budget cut or crunches it's always the small guy that gets hurt. It's never the person that's making a hundred thousand there. It's always the person that's making the least amount. And sometimes we're running around there. <SEP> I see these supervisors running around having meetings. I really don't know what they do. I sometimes wonder are they really doing anything. Or. <SEP> I think we're going to see a streamlining in the government. I don't know what level or how long it will take for the public in general to start saying this is too much. We're not going to pay any more. We're not going to pay for this. And you're out. I think we're starting to see it a little bit now. But I think I don't know what kind of input we're going to get from the public and how they're going to go about doing it. Because I think we're just getting taxed way too much. Right now we're getting taxed probably around thirty-five percent or more. And that's me not making a whole lot of money. They got so many hidden taxes that it's really hard to figure out how much you are paying because go to a grocery store something like that and you're paying a little tax here. And you. <SEP> So. Gas I don't know about you guys. But there's probably at least about twenty-five to thirty cents of different taxes on our gas. And you don't realize. <SEP> We got a sales tax. Our sales tax is eight percent. And I don't know what our gas tax is. I think it's somewhere around twenty five cents a gallon. So. They're hitting us up. And they may not raise it federally as much one year. But then they'll raise it somewhere in the state or the sales tax or property tax or whatever. It's just you can see that your money is just not going that far. I know with Reagan they say no new taxes. But they changed the deductions on you. And that just raises your taxes they just get it a different way. <SEP> So to me it did raise my taxes. You could tell just by how much money you have left over. And all of a sudden it's eating me alive. I heard someone say that if they would just something with the defense budget all that extra money they're throwing back if they cut back by so much percentage it could throw back about six hundred dollars on an average six hundred dollars.
sw3353.txt:Tell me some about your camping experiences Carolyn. I have gone to girl's camp a few times as a chaperon or a leader whatever. <SEP> And I enjoy camping. I. We have a tent. And we've gone even with our family a few times out camping and have a camp stove. I guess my biggest memory is when we froze to death. We just didn't take enough blankets and whatever. Where do you go camping at around here? <SEP> We went camping at Lake Bonham which is pretty close here. We went fairly early in the season for this area which is probably April is when we went. <SEP> And it got really cold at night. And of course we were close enough that we could go back and get some more blankets and things in the morning. But. What activities do you do when you're camping? <SEP> We take little nature hikes. And we take along games that we can play with the kids and just that kind of stuff. Usually try to have occasionally a camp fire at night and roast the marshmallows and what all. That sounds like fun. I grew up in South Dakota up in the Black Hills. <SEP> And so we used to go camping. My dad would take us. There was four of us kids. He'd take us. And we'd all go camping my dad and my mom and the kids. And it was always fun. Because what I always remember is my dad would let us pick our camp spot. And he'd always tell us look for a nice flat little area where we can pitch our tents. And it always had to be somewhere near a river so we could go fishing. And hopefully we'd catch our supper. But we never did. But it was always fun. We'd always. Mom was always prepared. And she'd bring along something because tradition had it we would never catch anything. So we always had something along to eat. <SEP> But then we'd roast marshmallows. And it was always an enjoyable experience. About nineteen eighty-two I moved from Rapid City in the Black Hills. I crossed the state to Aberdeen. And there's no hills. It's flat. And then I was in high school. And couple of my high school friends and I we'd go camping out by a river of course and go fishing. But by then of course I was able to catch some things. But it was always fun. It was a different experience camping in the hills versus camping just by a river. In the hills we would do like you folks did would take the nature hikes and look for animals. And we always. In the hills you can see quite a few different animals. But. <SEP> Go ahead. We used to live in Utah. <SEP> And of course there's lots of mountains around there to camp in and streams and stuff. That's a great place to go camping. And the hiking is just really great. Hike up those mountains is just really fantastic. Are there any mountains or big rocks a person could hike around this area. <SEP> I'm not acquainted with any. I. There's woods and things out in East Texas Tyler area. There's a Tyler State Park that's really a nice camping area. But it's just a lot of trees. It's not. I don't know of any place in Texas that has really big mountains. I. <SEP> The Rocky Mountains are so much bigger than anything that they've got down here that. <SEP> The one in Tyler has it been pretty commercialized? It's not too bad. They have screened in areas. They're not really cabins I wouldn't say. I guess they could call them that but they're more just a screened in camping area whatever. <SEP> They're not bad. Helps keep the pests out I suppose. That sounds. I don't know if I can rate camping. But it sure beats driving a thousand miles to find a mountain I guess. <SEP> That's right. I take it you haven't done a whole lot of camping in this area. We just moved down in June. I see. You're just trying to get over the culture shock still. I'm still trying to find my way around. If I can get on Central from anywhere I'm happy. <SEP> Really the ideal times to camp in this area are early spring and in the fall. <SEP> It just gets so hot in the summer you can hardly. There's a lot.
sw2571.txt:. There was a crime here in McKinney a rather heinous murder. <SEP> There was no remorse shown by at least one of the perpetrators. And yet for whatever reason his crime was not considered a capital crime. <SEP> And quite honestly I feel very strongly that the man has no redeeming social values. And if and when he gets free again he will have no compunction but to continue that same kind of lifestyle and perhaps do the same thing again. <SEP> So it really bothers me that there's not a way of getting him out of the way forever. I think that. I don't know. I don't think our prison system isn't set up where we rehabilitate or restore anybody. I think it'll only make them worse. But I believe that God can come in and change a person's heart and genuinely change it. But that doesn't negate that you do reap what you sow. And if you do kill a person and you're found to be guilty I believe God establishes the authority of our court system. And I do believe that capital punishment is uh alternative. Even God can still change your heart. But that doesn't mean. Like the alcoholic that charges up all the bills on the credit card or the shopaholic you get your life right with God. But you still have to pay your Visa bill. <SEP> That's right. You still have to. But God sent us his grace. And they give pardons. But I believe if it's a genuine conversion there's a genuine. And those prison people they know a genuine turnaround in a person's character. They see that. But. And I worked in a prison in Fort Worth. <SEP> Did you? I have a degree in social work. You see it the ones that have a genuine character change. It is obvious. And they know that. They're not going to pardon someone from the governor. You know what I'm saying. They're not going to go without going through every channel of authority in the prison. So I feel like there is occasions where they do spare lives. And I leave that with the governor who of course is going to go through every authority because they want to be reelected. So. <SEP> But my concern is that not all persons who I think should be receiving capital punishment. <SEP> Punishment. Thank you I'm sorry I just got home from work. And I'm just kind of spaced out a little bit. That's okay. <SEP> That not all of them are being convicted of it that they're not even being charged with that appropr-. I agree with you that a person's heart can be changed. But the same God that can work that miracle also established the laws that said for certain kinds of sin certain kinds of breaking of the law there would be a capital punishment. <SEP> Right then it was almost immediate. As soon as the trial was over then it was stoning. But in the Old Testament. <SEP> We don't have a speedy trial. We don't have speedy punishment. And so it kind of loses its meaning if you sit on death row for months and years and so forth. We don't. We definitely have lost the Judeo-Christian ethic of the judicial system for sure. But the base is still there the foundation is still there though of the system. But I know what you're saying. But also they're under a law because we haven't been removed from the law. We've just been taken out from under a law. Because under the law if your child back talks you he would be stoned. <SEP> That's correct. Under the law he would be stoned. So we've been removed from being under the law. But we're still accountable to it. We don't need to back talk. But it's like God changes your heart to not do that. He changes your heart not to look upon a woman in lust. Because in the Old Testament they could look all they wanted just couldn't do it. But in the new he's looking at your heart. And so I guess that's what I mean by their character changes and what I mean it's like looking beyond what they're doing and looking at a heart and seeing what is the heart what's the character showing me here. And then any of. If I don't believe that there's not a character change and the authorities agree that this person needs to be excused I believe for murder rape incest things that will permanently damage the character of the child. <SEP> I believe crimes against children should be punished by death. Sexual crimes unless there's a true change of character. I tend to agree on that very strongly. And that's where we just have to trust the authorities. And they're not going to excuse people if it was run like that. I don't. There would probably be very few exceptions to that. And if it was done quickly and done swiftly. Because the judicial system they've rejected the answer to all these problems they have pretty much. <SEP> Plus all the judicial system is overloaded with all kinds of problems and crimes and so forth and then all of the civil things that clog the courts. <SEP> And having sat on both uh criminal and a civil jury some of what goes through our courts is a total waste of time. <SEP> Because we're suit happy. But back to the capital situation sounds like you and I have a lot of common ground at least as far as capital punishment is concerned. <SEP> I would like to see some kind of reform or some kind of streamlining so that if a person is convicted and sentenced to death that automatic appeal which goes in could be more quickly dealt with. <SEP> And go ahead and get the punishment phase out of the way because it doesn't do the criminal or the victim's family any of us the taxpayer any good to have him sitting around for months and years. Anybody. <SEP> Bu-. Him could be a her. But. I know that they have crimes punishable by death. And I'm sure they hit a few every now and then. And I wouldn't want to be one of them that are not guilty. But I know that they have their crime rate. It's not Jamaica. I don't think. I can't remember which. It's one of the Caribbean Islands. And Singapore is it like that? My husband's going Singapore. And they don't have a lot of the crime because there is a law. And the law is enforced. And that's when you have lawlessness. The law's not being enforced. And all that does is lawlessness. We went on a mission trip to Manhattan and to the Bronx and stuff two years ago. And all these kids were up on there getting arrested for crack. And everyone was out. We were across from that big bus station. I forget what you call it. But and they had fifteen people lined up on the fence. And within two hours there were fifteen boys sitting there doing the same thing. <SEP> And you'd see the same kid who were back out there in two days. That's sad. Because the answer is not being given to them in the court system. And I think initially when our country was set up it was set up with God. And it was really an integral part. And. You can't force people. But I think people are hurting. And they're out doing crack sitting on the street. They were the kind of people that mostly we would want to receive it. If it was presented to see. I don't know. I guess I'm kind of frustrated that we've gotten away from the Christian basis that our court system was founded upon. It reeks of the BIBLE just the whole system. And so I feel like if that was presented more openly and not just relying upon para-church ministry to come in and do it that the system itself. You know what I mean. <SEP> I feel like that might be better if it was run on a more scriptural basis which would include expediting the penalties and just getting it over with. However certain very liberal minded groups who do not subscribe to the same ethical system that you and I do such as the civil liberties unions and so forth will lobby against that and hold that out as long as they have breath. Which is most unfortunate because we all lose out when people go so far out to the extreme on either side. <SEP>. <SEP>. <SEP> Because too too often there can be extremism that hurts from any direction regardless of whatever you're arguing or concerned about. I know you're right. They would lobby that. And I see that. And that's why I'm what's my role in this thing what's my part. <SEP> Because I don't think the system is going to get fixed. I think it's crippled.
sw3159.txt:Do you subscribe to magazines yourself? I don't subscribe to any magazines at home because we get so many at work that I need to read that I just don't take any at home. I see. I get MCCALL'S. Of course anything that appeals to the homemaker since that's my main line of interest. <SEP> And then once in a while I'll pick up a WORKING WOMAN or something and realize why I don't want to go back to work. What I enjoy about staying home. <SEP> And I read magazines mainly because they're fast. And if I want to relax while I watch T V. Of course I'm one of those that does two things at once. And I read GOOD HOUSEKEEPING and BETTER HOMES and MCCALL'S. And I like them because they're kind of short and to the subject. <SEP> I used to take MCCALL'S and GOOD HOUSEKEEPING and several magazines like that a few years ago at home. And then you stopped them all. But. The subscriptions ran out. And I never renewed them. And I found that I really didn't have time at home since I work to read them. I find that about two years is probably my max on subscribing to one in particular. <SEP> And then I kind of get turned off by it. Other than GOOD HOUSEKEEPING. GOOD HOUSEKEEPING is the one that kind of sets around for when I'm really have time and I really want to read something. <SEP> I don't get into books too often because I have so many things that I stay occupied with on a general basis. And we travel a lot. So I enjoy reading parts on travel in the various different ones. <SEP>. And I get into newspapers. So I guess that kind of tells you what kind of person I am. I'm read it fast and put it down. <SEP>. When I had my magazines at home I would find that I kind of skimmed through them and looked at the pictures. And if something caught my eye then I might read something. But otherwise than that they were not too useful to me. That's what I do. <SEP> I got some good recipes from them sometimes. But. You clip recipes. And you save them forever. And you never really use them. <SEP> That's right. That's right. And then every so often you weed through them. And you think where did I ever put that recipe. But that's mainly my whole idea on short subject reading and things like this. <SEP> I subscribe like I said to a few. And once in a while I buy that new magazine called FIRST on the newsstands or something like that. But I kind of stay with my own subject matter what pertains to my daily life at the present time. <SEP> Since I work with computers during my work I have to keep up on all the new computer equipment and software and everything. And I have to read the magazines such as BYTE and COMPUTER WORLD and MAC WORLD and all of these magazines such as that. So I really just. I can see that it will be a very long time probably before I subscribe to any magazines at home. Sometimes if you're in public transportation I know that people will read them on something like that. <SEP>. But I think. And the idea is. I can just dump them at the other end. And I don't have to carry them back with me. <SEP> That's right. I do that when we travel. I always have my head with a magazine somewhere as we drive or wherever we. No matter what it is air travel or anything and I. <SEP>. If I go on an airplane ride or something I'll stop in and pick up a COSMOPOLITAN or something to read on the airplane. Although now. But that's basically just about. I'll buy a crossword puzzle magazine every now and then. That's when you really have time. Your computer ones. I got into computer work somewhat. We have our own computer system at home. <SEP> And I tried reading the magazines hoping I would get more from it. And it was just above my head without having someone there to give me the advice as I went along. It was kind of a little bit more than what I needed. So I never did get into them. When I bought the computer all of a sudden I was receiving them for some unknown reason through the mail. I think they all thought we have a live one. She'll subscribe. <SEP> But they were wrong. I never got into them. But. I guess we might as well end our conversation at this point. <SEP> It was nice talking with you. It was nice to talk with you too. <SEP> Thank you.
sw2832.txt:. That's okay. Tell me about your home. It looks like a little shot gun house almost. It's got three bedrooms going along one side and the living room and kitchen on the other. <SEP> It's an older home. It's not new. I like it though. It's big. What kind of square footage? I wouldn't know. I measured it one time because we had saw some termites. <SEP> And we thought about getting it sprayed. I think it was. I can't remember. I'm sorry. That's okay. That's okay. It's big enough for us though. <SEP> We kind of need maybe one more room. We've got two children. So where do you live at. What part of town. Here in Denison. We-. That's north. <SEP> Or down here in Denison. I live in Plano. So it's north to me. Up here then. I say down. I'm really from Kentucky. <SEP> I was going to say you didn't have the typical. You have a southern accent. But you don't have a Texas accent. <SEP> I'm originally from Ohio Cincinnati. So I'm familiar with. That area. That dialect. <SEP> Also I lived in Georgia for about four years. So the. There's a difference too between east and west in the south. And the way in which people speak. Anyway my home I guess it's about twenty-five hundred square foot. And I have four bedrooms at the present. We're busting out walls and things like that. That's what I want to do. How many kids do you have? <SEP> We have two. We have two. Do you have enough bedroom space then? We'll have enough bedroom space. It's. We're rearranging our house because the bedrooms are kind of small. <SEP> And so we're going to enlarge our master bedroom and take out a couple of walls and enlarge it. And then shuffle the rooms around a little bit. That's kind of like what we'd like to do. We just had a baby a couple months ago. And we've got a den. It's more or less a spare room. We rarely go in there except for to play chess. <SEP> We want to make that a bedroom for my stepdaughter and my daughter. And we need the one extra room. Like you said the bedrooms are too small. The living room and kitchen are huge. But the bedrooms are too small. Where you've got to leave the furniture just one certain way you can't rearrange it at all. <SEP> There's they. I know what you're saying there. Ours is the same. And they tend to put windows in the strangest places. We have windows in our bathrooms which really makes it difficult for. We've got two great big windows in our back bathroom. <SEP> You're kind of limited in what you can do there and everything. So. No privacy. We don't have a lot of that. We've got at least two windows on every wall in the house. It. <SEP> I'd hate to clean these windows. I really would. I figured I'm going to have to hire somebody to remove our windows and put new ones in that are easier to clean. Ours are the double pane. And you can't really clean them on the inside. Ours are those too. You must live in an older home too then. <SEP> I do. The house is almost thirty years old. So it's not a new home. It's seen some wear and tear. Ours has too. <SEP> When we moved in the man that sold it to us had said that he remodeled it. And he did it hisself. So most of that by now is falling apart. <SEP> It's not just horrible. But this tile's come loose off the wall. The whole bathroom is covered from ceiling to foot in tile. And I don't like that at all. That is awful. With the great big square tiles that you put on the floor the huge one. <SEP> He did it in that? Instead of wallpaper. I wouldn't mind it if it was short tiles. For that you put. The normal tiles. That you put around a bathtub. That would be prettier. <SEP> But this looks like floor covering on the wall. It just doesn't look good. And also they're very heavy. And so they tend to come off a whole lot easier. There's one big one that has come off. And short of putting nails through it we can't get it back on. So. <SEP> And he rewired the house. And it's shorting out here and there. And. I. That's one of the things we've been fortunate with is our wiring is okay. We don't have enough power. Or our breakers aren't powerful enough to really help with the load in the house. <SEP> We need to redo some rewiring ourselves. But our plumbing is awful. There is a shut off valve that's outside that doesn't work. And there's no other real shut off valves inside the house. So if something breaks we have to shut it off from the main in the street. <SEP> And it can be really bizarre. And we never know where it's going to flood. We've got power surges on the west side of our house. We've got our stereo hooked up. <SEP> That. The power makes it run. It's never ran. It's always ran just fine the clock and stuff. But it runs about ten minutes fast except for about a month the clock ran normal. <SEP> And then the power went off again. Lightning or something knocked it out. And we hooked it back up. And now it's running ten or fifteen minutes fast again. But on the east side of the house it runs fine. <SEP> You do have a strange wiring problem there. He put new wiring in. It's all new wiring up in the attic or crawl space. <SEP> But. He didn't know what he was doing. He really should have hired people. That's something. My husband's in construction. And he won't even touch electrical stuff. He i-. He'll do a little things. But he won't do any major rewiring. <SEP> He says he'd rather pay the electrician to handle it. He'll end up killing himself. End up killing theirselves. <SEP> That's right. My husband he'll change out a light switch. But that's about as far as he'll go. That's the way mine is. <SEP> He said he went up in the attic and looked around. And he was. He says looks like a bunch of spaghetti up there. And we had squirrels in our attic when we first moved in because the roof was so sorry. Was a what. The roof was really sorry. When we moved in we had no idea how bad it was. <SEP> It was a wood shingle roof. And we. The first year we were living there we had to replace the roof. He put. Which. I heard it's a law that you're only allowed to have three layers of shingles. Is it three or five. Your husband probably knows. He probably knows. I don't know what it is off hand. He's got seven layers of shingles up there. And he told us it was a completely new roof. Like I said he didn't know what he was doing. <SEP> He must not of. We stripped ours off. We didn't put it over'cause we put composition roof on. And we completely stripped all the old wood shingles off put decking up put the paper down and just started from scratch. Unfortunately when we were doing that it decided it wanted to snow and hail and rain. <SEP> We had almost about half of the roof off. And it did this. And a house full of snow. And a house full of snow and rain. <SEP> And it came down. It did this in the middle of the night. We have plastic just tied down on everything as best we could real thick edge stuff. And the wind came in from the north. And it just blew everything off in the middle of the night. And we were asleep. And I woke up. And I got up. And it was about four o'clock in the morning. And I heard all these drips. <SEP> I had water coming in every light fixture. That. I had water coming in everything that was in the ceiling everywhere. And it filled up my light fixtures because they're the old kind. <SEP> And I would go in. And I'd turn on a light in the room. And the light would come on. And the whole thing would be full of water. And the light would still come on. It didn't blow up or anything. A friend of mine when I lived in Louisiana her. We all lived on base. My husband was in the Army. She woke up about three or four o'clock in the morning water dripping from hers. The neighbor's washing machine had over done something. I don't know. But it was leaking just pouring water in. And it all went through to her roof. And it was coming out of the lights fixtures. <SEP> The fire alarm went off for some reason. It shorted it out or something. That will happen. So she woke up with about six feet of water in her house. <SEP> Not six feet. But. But it's quite a bit quite a bit. You know that. You might as well. So. Did you have carpets and stuff? <SEP> Several of our rooms got ruined. We have. We are on pier and beam. We don't have concrete slab underneath our house. So it got into the carpeting got into the floor. The carpeting was already awful anyway. But it got into the floor and rotted the floor and made it stink. S-. Your house sounds like mine because mine's pier and beam too. <SEP>. They came in. And they had it. One room they completely cut up the floor in and removed it. We had to call the insurance company. The insurance company was paying for the new roof. But they also ended up having to pay for the damage when the roof was being repaired. Which really wasn't our fault. <SEP> We'd done everything we could to keep out the weather. And stuff. That's right. That's right. <SEP> And. You got to redo it the way you wanted it in the end. It. Are you finished with it now? <SEP> The roof? It's been done for quite some time. We're really glad with all the rain we've had in the last couple of years that we have a really good roof. How long have you lived there? <SEP> It's three. It's just been at three years. We've been in the house just the three years. We've been doing a lot of remodeling. It had a detached garage. And my husband's built a walkway across. And we're going to brick up the garage to match the house and things like that. So we. You all did it yourselves? The walk? The home improvements. <SEP> He does this for a living. This is what.
sw2451.txt:This topic is is Russia a threat to our security? I think they are more of a threat to their own people at this day and time. How do you feel about it? They do have a major internal problem. Everybody wants to defect. And I can understand why. I think their biggest problem is just obtaining food to live. So when you have the basic needs being unmet I don't think you think globally as far as being a threat to other people in the world. <SEP> So as soon as they get their own home country taken care of then they'll consider what they can do with the rest of the world. <SEP> I believe Communism is very much waning. It's pretty much on the way out of the door insofar as the strong hold that they used to have. And the Russian people are all realizing that the Communist system does not work to their satisfaction or their way of surviving in this world. And their rebellions right now is the result of that. If they can get the army or the military to sway to their side I think that it will be on the way out eventually. It's just a matter of time because in the Baltic States they have already massacred so many people who protested. <SEP> And that hasn't set too well with their diplomacy regarding the outcome of their affairs. What's your synopsis? <SEP> I do realize that the Bush Administration isn't too happy with how they're handling their internal strife as far as diplomacy is concerned. I think it's been a good positive direction for the Soviets as far as Yeltsin is concerned. He was allowed to. Wh-. In the Congress they gave him more power as far as his republic in Russia is concerned which gives him more power overall which I think is a good sign that there will be some. Politically speaking he's going to have more power. And I think it's a step in the right direction. I think Gorbachev realizes that he's got a major power figure competing against him. And I think it's going to be pretty close to his demise if he doesn't follow suit with Yeltsin as far as realizing. He does realize it with the fact that they increased the prices on their food and goods. It. I think that it went up a thousand percent on most. <SEP> That's incredible. But they had to go in the direction of a market driven economy. And they had to bite the bullet for that. So that's a good move on Gorbachev's part in doing that. But Gorbachev has still not fully convinced everyone that he's moving towards a two to three party system of government nor eliminating or diminishing the Communist power. <SEP> And I guess that's where Yeltsin steps in so far as his politics of government goes. But I don't know how convinced the people are of him yet myself. That's all they got right now. That's their ray of hope. <SEP> So they'll go with whoever comes through for them. It's just that the weird thing is is that Gorbachev is the one that opened the floodgates as far as with glasnost and perestroika and stuff. <SEP> And I think he's got between the Old Guard and the new glasnost. I think it's kind of escalated to a point where it's out of control. And I think he had to pull in the reins the only way he knew how in order to keep the peace on both sides. So I think that's kind of where he's stuck. You know what I'm saying? I understand. <SEP> And that's the situation that he finds himself in. And he's a tough guy. He's been through it. So I have no doubt that he'll. I think overall he's been a good figure for the Soviet Union. I think his intentions and his ideals are well intentioned. And in the long-term. But I just think that because of the basic needs that the people don't have. I think that makes the problem most severe and makes him look worse that what his ideals are personally. <SEP> I agree. What's bad for the Soviet system is that they have the resources to grow and produce their food. But somehow it just does not get out to the market the way it should. I think it's a lot of. Bureaucracy and one thing and then all the corruption. I think there's a large amount of corruption on the have and the have-nots. That's probably more true than a lot of people realize. <SEP> I know you're going to have that with every society. At least we're more blatant about it. But it's very secret. And it's been going on for years. You can't change things overnight. <SEP> But if it gets to a point where people can't survive there's revolution. And that's. It seems to be headed in that direction too. Big time. Major. But that's what happens when the cork blows. And you can't handle it anymore. That's the way the world revolves that way. Their knowledge with better communication processes in this world now that's reached them is more educated to the ways of the western world. <SEP> I really question though how much technology the average Soviet is exposed to. And I think that was a big stepping stone for them to initiate all their righteous ways of changing things too. They. Probably not enough. But I'm sure I lot of it's filtered down enough to the common folks that they have gotten wind of what they're missing out on. <SEP> I think they're starting to realize. But I just don't think they have the resources if you were to compare the Americans to the Soviets as far as home computers are concerned or Fax machines and cellular phones and state of the art equipment that we are so used to. I don't think they even realize what's out there and to what extent. I'm sure a lot of them are missing those household items. The major conveniences of life. What we consider just normal everyday things to them is real luxury. Which is unfortunate for them. <SEP> And of course most of us we don't really appreciate what we've got because we've been so used to it. This is true. This is very true. And we. It's human nature though to take things for granted. And it kind of. <SEP> When you've lost something or don't have what other people have that's when you tend to realize what's out there and what you have and what you don't have. I agree. So the original question do we think they're a security threat? <SEP> I can go with that answer too. The only yes I could go to is if a renegade crew decides to launch an attack or an accidental launching or something to that effect to a nuclear exchange. But I don't even see that occurring. Because their internal strifes are more important right now than concentrating on any kind of outside affairs that they used to be adapted to. <SEP> I don't really feel that the Soviets really want to blow up the world. We painted them back in the fifties and sixties as nonfeeling machine type people. And they're people just like us. They get up everyday. And they put their pants on the same way. And they have to eat and everything else. And I just don't feel that.
sw3503.txt:How do you feel about capital punishment? I just last Friday got off a capital murder case. You did? <SEP> I was on the jury. <SEP> Which is funny because I got called last night. And the topic was something about juries. So I am just hitting it right. How do I feel about it? I don't know. I guess it is right in certain cases. <SEP> Becau-. The one I was just on I don't. I was an alternate on the case. So I don't know what was decided. They are probably still in deliberations on it. <SEP> But what I found out. Once I was declared an alternate and I was dismissed we met with the judge the two alternates did. And he went on to tell us how they happened to catch this guy. And I remember hearing about it. It was about a year ago. He was involved in another capital murder the very next month. And he was caught just. They drove up. The police drove up just as he fired the gun and killed the guy. <SEP> So he was caught. And it's interesting because the county I live in. I'm not in Dallas county. I'm pretty far north of Dallas. County I live in the past ten years only had two capital murders. <SEP> And last year there were six. And this guy is indicted on three of them. So you have to wonder. <SEP> The cases like that they should. If he's going to be drastic somebody has to be drastic back. <SEP> Although it's not really revenge because it doesn't mean anything to him. He has no concept of what he has done. He just. From what I can tell. I didn't talk to the guy or anything. But he doesn't seem to have any regard for anybody's life including his own. <SEP> So it's kind of strange that. No remorse whatsoever. <SEP> I guess in cases like that where the guy would obviously go out and do it again you've got to do something. <SEP> It's funny because when they interview you before you go on the jury for capital murder I was interviewed by four attorneys for about five hours. <SEP> And I. The. I was the ninety eighth person they'd interviewed. You're kidding. But at the time when the guy kept saying could you ever convict someone. And do you think you'd ever know beyond a doubt. And I said I can't imagine. I said if I knew beyond a doubt or if I felt beyond a doubt that he had done it. I guess I could convict him. But I can't imagine you ever making me that sure of something. <SEP> But they really did. It was really amazing. I guess if the police came out and saw him fire the gun. <SEP> That was a subsequent case that we didn't know about. And those jurors don't know about. But this particular case they had a complete confession from the guy with a lot of things that the police hadn't released. <SEP> So no one else would have known. It was really pretty interesting. What. <SEP> Educational. I guess cases like that I don't see why they wouldn't bring in the new evidence from the other case. They can in the punishment phase but not in the guilt or innocence because he hasn't been found guilty of it. <SEP> Of that crime. But he was found guilty of anoth-. <SEP> So it's although it's not going to take much to prove that. That works. <SEP> So. They pushing the death penalty? This guy is up for the death penalty. <SEP> And in Texas there is a couple of questions you have to ask in the punishment phase. For example was the guy provoked and was the response reasonable given the provocation. And there is a number of questions. And just depending on whether you say yes or no you can give him capital punishment. And if you're up to the point where if he still qualifies for capital punishment then you can look at mitigating circumstances. So. So there is a lot of outs. But the only result is otherwise he gets life in prison. And I'm really kind of against life in prison anyway because it costs so dog gone much. <SEP> And to me you take away a person's freedom you've taken away most of their life. That's true. If you're going to put him in prison for life with no chance for parole. <SEP> But. But then you have to look at reality. I think normally they may get out. So. That's true. <SEP> But what is it worth? I don't know. Personally I don't know which I would pick if I had a choice for myself. That's true. I don't know whether I'd stay in prison or not. Or. <SEP> You said you're from Mississippi? And do they have the death penalty there? They do. I. They've had a number of cases here. <SEP> Not a whole lot. Jackson had their sixty-first murder this year. It was like last year they had forty-nine. So that's going up. <SEP> But. They have a death penalty. I hear of one every now and then. And I visited the prison up here at Parchman. <SEP> And I've been. I haven't. They won't let you on death row. But they'll let you look down the hall. You can't see any prisoners. And it's kind of a weird feeling. I've been. <SEP> They took us around on a tour. And I got to walk in the gas chamber. And it is kind of a weird feeling knowing you're sitting there saying people have died here. <SEP> That's right. But just going up there and seeing the surroundings and stuff the people up there.
sw2756.txt:And what part of Virginia? I live down in the south western part of Blacksburg. Blacksburg. I've been. <SEP> Have you ever heard of Virginia Tech? Sounds vaguely familiar. V P I. <SEP> I hadn't been down in that part of the state really. We vacation a lot. How about you? Quite frequently. I wish we did. <SEP> We retired early. So we take trips pretty often. Where all you guys go? <SEP> We go to Maine every Fall. Then that's kind of a family visit and a vacation all up and down the coast. <SEP> And I have a daughter in Texas and one in New Mexico. So we go out there. And we go to Florida. And down. We were just out recently at the outer banks of North Carolina. All these places that I've never been. <SEP> Is that right. Where do you go? What type of vacation? It really depends. Seems like I do a lot in the Midwest lately. My fiancee's family's from Wisconsin. <SEP> And so we've been out there a couple of times. And I went to Purdue for a couple of years. So I've gone up to Indianapolis on occasion to visit friends. And I'm a real big baseball fan. So I usually try to combine it with catching a couple of games somewhere. <SEP> What club do you follow? I'm a big Red Sox fan. Red S-. But I. <SEP> Me too. You're a Red Sox fan too? I usually try to catch whoever's in town though I don't specifically. I go to Cleveland to see them play the Indians or the Red Sox. <SEP> That's about it. We do a lot of little trips around here. And. Ever go up in Pennsylvania in the mountains. Or. Not that much. We've gone out to a place in western Pennsylvania called Falling Water. <SEP> Have you ever heard of it? I've heard of it. I've never been there. It's really neat. It's this house built on a waterfall. And it's really cool. <SEP> Of course we keep picking crummy weather to go out there. The first time we went out there was the day after hurricane Hugo had come through. <SEP> So they didn't have any power. And it was really cold and rainy. And we went up about a year later. And it was better but not a whole lot better. So where else did we go. We've gone to Richland last year and had a good time down there. <SEP> Did you? Did you go to Williamsburg. <SEP> Have you been down there? My girlfriend has with her sisters. But I haven't been down there. I hear that's nice. We're going to get probably down Norfork sometime this Summer just to catch a football game actually. <SEP> We were down. When we came back from the outer banks we came up due Norfork and spent the night there with a friend in Portsmith and then went to Williamsburg and spent a night. Spend a day and a lot of money. <SEP> I've heard. I'm not real interested in Williamsburg because of the price attached to it. We just. I. <SEP> But it's a pretty neat down to just go and walk around if you like to walk. It's a good town to just walk in. We'll do that. <SEP> You can go to the buildings and not go in if you're not. So I can wander around without. <SEP> You can wander. It's a good town to wander in. I just have it pay somebody to get into the buildings? That's right. I didn't know that. I think they do the whole with paying. <SEP> They really did throw away a lot of money getting one thing or another. But they had a good time. So. <SEP> We really didn't do that really this time we just visited around. We've done it a couple of times. And that's enough for probably another twenty years. I was. We use it live in California. And my. Up around San Francisco. And there was one year when my father's company was starting to do stuff down in Los Angeles. So my father was working down in Los Angeles for six months or so. Actually I think it was closer to a full year. And he'd fly down there on Mondays and fly back on Fridays. Any time we had a school vacation or something like that we went down to Los Angeles. So I went to Disneyland about five times in one year. <SEP> And I really have no great urge to go back now. That's great as a kid though isn't it. It was great because the times that were really fun were when we had vacation. But the kids in Los Angeles didn't. <SEP> So we basically had one of the parks. There's still a lot of people at Disneyland. But there was another amusement park down there Busch Gradens. There was nobody there when we were there we won a log floating ride five straight times. We just get done with them and they go do you want to go again. <SEP> Have you ever. You've never been down to Epcot at Florida and Disney. I'd like to sometime. <SEP> That's good. But. We really enjoy that. We've been two or three times and probably go back again this winter. I've never been. The fartherest south I've been on the East Coast is Charlotte. <SEP> So I keep wanting to get further. I thought I would go to Florida a couple Summers ago. But never did it. <SEP> Charleston is a really nice place to visit. My sister lives in Charlotte. And they've gone to Charleston a couple of times and had a real good time. <SEP> It's a real pretty place. One of these days we'll get down there although. I don't know when we're going to have vacation to do it. <SEP> We're getting married in about a year. Are you. And our honeymoon we're going up to this place in Wisconsin called Door County. <SEP> It's up by Green Bay. It's a place my girlfriend's also wanted to go. And. <SEP> Is it on one of the lakes? It's. I don't if you've ever seen a map of Wisconsin. But there's kind of a little thing sticking out in the Lake Michigan. That's Door County. <SEP> That would be really nice. They call it the Cape Cod of the Midwest. <SEP> So we're thinking that'll be a lot of fun. She had this book of pictures from it that were really nice kind of like a travel guide. <SEP> Sounds good. So that should be a lot of fun. I don't know what our next trip will be I guess our next. I know what my next trip I'm going to be a grandmother in July. <SEP> The first one. So my next trip is going to be to Texas. That'll be fun. <SEP> In the middle of the Summer. You won't even notice it though. <SEP> They'll be air-conditioning anyway. So. Is that how you got into this data base? <SEP> My daughter's a temp at Texas Instruments and working on this project. I was just. Most of the people I've talk to are from Texas. <SEP> So when I heard you were from Virginia I was there's somebody different. And you said I got somebody down in Texas. I go that the connection right there. That's it. <SEP> I talked to one in California. I never asked him the other day how he was connected. I don't think he was T I employee. I. Most people talk to Texas. There's been a couple of other the people most of whom are like me that work in speech labs that are going to use data base eventually. I see. So it was fun. Actually yesterday I ended up talking to somebody else from the same lab I'm in. <SEP> Is that right. We spent last week end in Charlotte with real good friends that had just moved back East from Oklahoma. <SEP> And she's working on this project too. She's talking on the project too. <SEP> And we got back Monday. And I got a call yesterday. And it was her on T I Network. That's neat. I haven't had something like that happen just getting the one guy from the lab. <SEP> You're sure have a nice town. My sister lives on Lake Norman just. Does she. <SEP> That's nice out there. We keep wanting to get down there and visit them over the Summer. And it's never really works out. <SEP> It's real pretty. Traffic not much else we do for vacation really. Just so we haven't been able to take really. <SEP> Are you a golfer? Me either. Are you guys golfers. <SEP> Or. Not too much into sports. Except our outside though. <SEP> Just walking that's all. I don't think there are any traveling that was in my early teens down in that area. And I'm know real sure there are. No professionals. I was thinking I might be minor league. But. <SEP> There's one in Salem Salem Rebels. Salem Rebels. Buccaneers. <SEP> Buccaneers. I may be seeing them in a town just west of here Frederick has a minor league team that plays in the same league with Salem. And I think we may be seeing them this weekend. <SEP> Is that right up there in Frederick? I think they're out of town. That's a nice little town actually Frederick. <SEP> I've never been up there. I've never visited Baltimore. I'd like to go just sight see a little bit sometime. There's some nice things in Baltimore. The Inner Harbor and the Aquarium and all that are very nice. They've just done a. I. The Aquarium is one of those things that because everybody.
sw3171.txt:Where is your favorite place to go? We haven't traveled outside the United States that much. We usually take family type vacations. We're looking forward to one in October to Disneyworld in Florida. That's great. <SEP> We have a nine year old. Have you ever been there? When both of my kids were much younger. And this time we're going to be going with just one daughter. And she's nine. So it ought to just be a ball. That's a perfect age for Disneyworld. <SEP> I think so too. That's great. So we've been there a number of times. And we're going next year. We have a business trip every fall. We go on a lot of business trips. I don't work. <SEP> So you travel a lot. We do. We g-. My husband travels a couple times a month. And in the position he's in they don't care if I go along. <SEP> So it's great. I just kind of join up when it's something interesting. And Disneyworld is the one for a week next year. <SEP> And it will be at this time of the year. And this year matter of fact we're leaving next Saturday for New Orleans. That will be fun too. Have you ever been there? <SEP> We went years ago. We haven't been lately. And I know they've changed it a lot and upgraded everything. But we used to have a lot of fun there. We went there once. In fact we had been in Dallas. And we were on our way home. And we were driving. And we said let's go to New Orleans. So when he said this year I have a week there on a project. He's going to be. And then I said I'll going along. I hope it's swimming season. Because it wasn't a tremendous amount of things. That I wanted to do there. <SEP> If you don't like the night life and the antique shopping there isn't much there. But that can be fun. And that's probably. We do like the night life to an extent. And they do have a Mardi Gras night planned. And I'm kind of anxious for that. But yours to Disneyworld sounds a little bit better. <SEP> Did you know that next week there's several T V shows coming from there in celebration of their anniversary. I know this is a real good time to go because they are having so many activities and special shows. And with a daughter nine it is just. She's old enough to really grasp the meaning behind. <SEP> Be excited about all of it. If you're working then you're probably on a limited amount of time per year that you can go. <SEP> Not really. We're doing the same thing. Tying it in with my husband's business trip. And I just save vacation for things like that. And just travel whenever we can. That's. I think travel. When I heard my topic today I thought that's my favorite. <SEP> How easy. Becau-. And really at our point of life our children are grown. And it has just worked out really well with this position he's in. Because I can go at a spur of the moment or what have you. <SEP> And it depends where he's going whether or not I decide to go along. But I do like to travel. And it's. I don't mind the pool life at all during the day. <SEP> And I like to sight see. And I love to shop. It's. <SEP> That's perfect. What more could you ask for? That's right. But it. And then got to pick and choose the places. And one of my very favorite is Las Vegas. <SEP> That. I would have to say we both end up going to Las Vegas probably once every year and a half. And presently we have quite a few frequent flyer miles. <SEP> And so I've just requested that they send us two of our coach tickets. Because we have a lot of flying with Continental. And they're recommending that you use those because they don't know the future of Continental. <SEP> It's kind of shaky. And I said now that we have all the miles. We better start using them. That's true. <SEP> It really is. So we are thinking that we might go to Las Vegas during the winter this year sometime for just kind of a quick trip. When we normally go that way we like to go to California at the same time because we really don't get out there as often as you could probably from Texas. <SEP> Our last big trip we drove through New Mexico and Colorado and went to the Grand Canyon and back through Silverton and Durango. And it was fun. It was so relaxing and a really neat part of the country. And the kids were old enough to really enjoy it. Our. I think that's a good trip. And really for the children to learn as well for a family vacation that would be excellent. <SEP> We did what we sometimes do since we are in Ohio. And it takes a while just to even get to what I would call the more picturesque part of the country. We will fly to something like. Once we flew to Denver. And then we rented a car for two weeks. And we went through the northern route and through Utah and as far west as Las Vegas. And then we returned through New Mexico that you just mentioned. <SEP> And it was just great. There's too much to see really. <SEP> I think that's the way to.
sw2460.txt:I have a lot of different teams that I like to keep in touch with. Of course Texas Rangers being one of them. You can't live in Dallas without. What are the others? I originally came from Saint Louis. So the Saint Louis Cardinals are one. I moved to Kansas City. I have a tendency to adopt teams when I go to a town. <SEP> It's helpful. So I lived in Kansas City for a couple years. And I adopted the Royals. I lived in Houston for two and a half years. So I adopted the Houston Astros. So I've got quite a few. Do you keep up with the statistical stuff? I don't get into that too much. Every once in a while I will keep in touch with maybe who's in the top five of hitting or something like that. But I don't get into how many errors somebody has or things like that. <SEP> There's a guy that was on show that I listen to going to work in the morning who does. It's essentially trivial statistics. <SEP> But they've got a st-. It's a statistic that has to do with winning and losing one run games. I've heard of that one. And apparently the Rangers last year won a lot of one run games. I didn't know that. That's supposed to be a real good statistic. <SEP> It is. But it's a reverse indicator. That's true. They don't have the offense to get out or to have the more runs. So. What the argument is. And it's one of these statistical. How can you draw a conclusion from it. But they find that there's a connection between that and how they do in Spring training the following year. <SEP> And strangely enough it's almost like the law of averages catches you on the following year. Which means that if you have a good year winning one run games that the following year you'll have a bad year. And they've looked at twenty-three teams. And the statistics are something like twenty-one out of twenty-three. It was. Which means the Rangers are going to have a terrible year. I. Which I was kind of leaning toward anyway to tell you the truth. <SEP> And it's. I don't know. What do you think of Incaviglia's loss. I kind of think it was necessary. I'm not a big pure power hitter anyway. I don't like these guys that get up there and swing for the downs every time. I think that a player ought to hit a home run if he's got the pitch to do it. But when you get two strikes on you you should shorten your swing a little bit. If it's a perfect shot go for it. But the strike outs were a big problem for him. Plus supposedly what I heard he was not much of a team player anyway. So. It's an interesting concept though when you look at how apparently. I was reading in the paper tonight that the Detroit Tigers are going to sign him. And the point of. I don't understand the strategy of how baseball works. But it seems that they can sign him tomorrow. <SEP> And he could go in the team the next day. And and they put him in the lineup. And he hits a home run. And all of a sudden he becomes a hero. That's true. And all he has to do is hit the ball. You're not a-. And all he has to do is hit it once. It doesn't. He can swing a couple times. If he fouls it up he can swing as much as he can. <SEP> It's an interesting concept of how they do it. But I agree with you. I think that's part of what baseball needs more of. I guess what bothers me is that when you go you wait and wait and wait. And finally a guy gets up there and blasts a home run. And that's all the game is. I'd rather see the ball hit around and have the people. There's another point to that too. They said that he was horrible at batting with men on base. Having somebody get up and hit a solo home run gives you run obviously. But if you can't do it with men on base there's something definitely wrong. You've got to be able to get the two and three run home runs to be able to score enough runs to be able to win in this day and age. So. <SEP> How do you think the Royals are going to do? I think the Royals will do okay. They have several pitchers that had badly years last year. And they're these cycle pitchers. They pitch one year bad one year good one beer bad one year good. Saberhagen has won supposedly the Cy. I think he won Cy two out of three years. So he's very much due for a good year. Are they going to beat Oakland? That's a good question. I don't know how Oakland's going to react to being swept in the World Series last year. They could very easily take that as a challenge. Which is the way most teams naturally do. And just go out and not give anybody a chance to beat them. <SEP> So. I go to Saint Louis from time to time. And I watch their sports up there. And they're certainly intense about the Cardinals they. <SEP> Baseball is their life up there like football is down here I think. Did you actually live in Saint Louis? I lived in the suburbs of Saint Louis. <SEP> Everybody does. That's true too. I think that's all that they have. I had a friend from college that lives in. It's on the west side. Everything's on the west side. Manchester? <SEP> Out that way. And I went and visited him. But it is interesting. How are the Cardinals? Do you still keep up with them or someth-. I definitely do. In fact I've got family that still lives up there. From what I hear from everybody up there they're not going to have a good year because they let too many people go. But I've been following Spring training. And they're one of the best teams in spring training so far. <SEP> Is that a good indicator? It can be. It really kind of depends on what they were looking for. In other words if in Spring training they were looking at all their kids like a lot of them do then it really doesn't give you any indication. But if they were playing the people that they're going to play then that might be pretty good indication. So it's not a great indication because there have been teams that have just come out and just won all kinds of games in Spring training and then gone on a fourteen game losing streak in the first of the season. So. What I think is remarkable is. It seems that what you really need to do to win though is to have a team that has reasonable talent and has some people that have real breakthrough years. <SEP> And the question is how do you forecast that. You can't. If you had to bet on who would be in the World Series it would be really tough. I think the best thing that you can do is go with the players that have the talent to do the best years. And that they hadn't had these gigantic career years yet and just kind of assume that one of them is going to break through eventually. <SEP>. And I think they said the Reds. This last year I'm not sure that they said that they had that many people having career years. And so they may be even better this year. <SEP> When are the Rangers going to come through th-. That's a good question. I. The Rangers have a pitching problem. And whether or not they can fix that or not is going to be an interesting question. They're doing the right thing though. They are going with their farm system. They're letting their farm system build up and stuff like that. And. Is there enough money. That's part of it. I. That was part of Skip Bayless' argument. <SEP> I don't know if you read Skip Bayless a local commentary. And his argument is that the ownership is not inclined to lose big money long enough to bring in the big dollars. <SEP> That's probably true. Would you agree with that? Considering what I've seen in the last two seasons I'm beginning to agree with that. But you don't have to spend the big money as far as I'm concerned to win. You just have to spend it if it's necessary. <SEP> In other words if you've got a player on your team who's helping your team then keep him there. Don't let him go away. And I think that's really what's been hurting the Rangers. <SEP> Didn't Kansas City put up quite a bit of money for their pitching staff. They spent more money last year than any other team in the league. And they were toward the bottom of the league. So it's like I said spending money doesn't guarantee you winning a pennant. <SEP> It really doesn't. So. And I think that's maybe part of it that the. And it. If I owned the team. I think you'd like them to do well. But the question of losing big money that did Steinbrenner actually make money on the. You got me. I think that there's coming to a point real soon when ticket prices are going to be to the point where the average fan can't go. And once you do that you lose everything. <SEP> It's a little bit like any other sport. When it starts costing you fifty or a hundred dollars to go to a game. And I guess as we get older you're probably going. If you compare to go to a sport. Say you go to a rock concert or even a performance an opera or the symphony or something. <SEP> If i-. But how often do you do that. An. I would think baseball probably feeds on a number of people that can go out there several times a. That's the whole point. There are so many games in a year that they've got to have repeat customers. <SEP> They can't afford not to. And that's one of the things that I think Saint Louis has done. Their ticket prices are as high as anybody else's. But somehow or another they attract so many people from. It's a small market. And yet they attract as many if not more than most other cities. So. But don't you think there are older fans there. I don't mean older. The fact that it's better established and that the city is more of a.
sw3333.txt:. I've never done it before. So I guess that's all I have to do. I guess so. I've been called several times. And I pushed in my number. They kept saying you have the invalid code. <SEP> And then I found out that my new phone wasn't working right. So this is the first time I've even done it. <SEP> I wonder how long it's going to be on for. I think five minutes is the max. I mean this whole thing for two months or something. Do you know? <SEP> I don't know. Back to crime. I guess we're supposed to talk about that. They say what aspect are you worried about. I think at this point I for one am worried about every aspect. <SEP> Especially you since you're in the same metroplex. There's so much going on here. I think the drive by shootings are getting to be so common that's really something you got to protect yourself from. That and in the schools too starting to put metal detectors in. I know. <SEP> And. Have they done that in Garland? I. Not that I'm aware of. <SEP> I just heard last week at that one school they started putting them in because there was that one shooting. So. We had a vice principal shot at here last year on the school grounds after school. <SEP> Is that right? And the one boy killed himself a few years ago in a grade school. So these kids don't have any trouble getting a hold of guns in any neighborhood doesn't seem like. <SEP> Not at all. It's kind of scary to think you send your child to school. And you wonder if he's going to get shot. We didn't have to worry about that before. <SEP> I know. What next? I know. It's getting. It's been out of hand for a while. And it just continues to get worse. And we can't really depend on the police to solve all this. They just can't do it. <SEP> I think it goes all the way back to the break up of the family to a certain extent. And how we going to bring that back together. <SEP> That's. I thi-. I agree. I think that's where it stems from is that and you've got a lot more women that are working nowadays that aren't home with the children. And. <SEP> And that may impact it as well. I think so. And then there's a drop in the training of morals really. Some of these young kids you read about just doesn't bother them to kill someone at all. <SEP> I think years past maybe our criminals had a little more morals wouldn't kill somebody in cold blood. They don't think twice about it. <SEP> Either that or I don't know if it happened and it wasn't as highly publicized as it is now or what the. I think it was just rare. I really do. <SEP> My mother. When she was a young girl she had a beautiful beautiful cousin that lived in California. And she was dating this millionaire's son. And he wanted to marry her. And she wouldn't marry him. And so he drove out in the country one day and shot them both. And. You're kidding. I'm the one. <SEP> Himself and her? That must have been at least fifty years ago or more. But the point of the story is that that was so unbelievable a thing in those days that it was in all the papers all over the country for weeks. <SEP> I bet. But now you wouldn't probably read about it here in Texas. I know. It's just another killing. <SEP> They were. I was watching some show the other day. And they were talking about mass murderers. And they brought up what happened in Killeen here recently. And they were saying that these guys want attention and that when it happens they're glorified because it's on all the newspapers and T V -s and everything. <SEP>. <SEP> Lots of their picture and life story and everything. And then you get to their life story. They came from a broken family. <SEP> This person had mental problems. <SEP> I know how we and straighten up all these twisted people before they do something terrible. So that story I just told you about my mother's beautiful cousin the same thing happened here in Arlington to a girl that my daughter had graduated from high school with. <SEP> Is that right? I think it was on a Hard Copy. She was a real attractive blond girl in her freshman year of college. And some boy she tried to get rid of he was in his twenties. <SEP> I remember seeing that. Remember that? I saw that on Hard Copy. That's. <SEP> My daughter graduated with her from Arlington High School. Is that right? Can you believe it. That's just. <SEP> I'm trying to remember. He had her in the car in front of a Taco or something. Taco Bueno. And he just shot them himself and her. <SEP> I remember seeing that. Isn't that weird? <SEP> There's just too many crazy people out there these days. I know. And the police are not going to do anything until they've committed some sort of a crime. He was just begging her on the phone. That's not doing anything. And there are times I think I should give my kids gu-.
sw3187.txt:How would you feel about sending an elderly family member to a nursing home? I don't feel very good about it. But I think that at some times it can be the right thing to do. We sent my grandfather to a nursing home at the point when he was really incapable of caring for himself anymore. <SEP> He actually died a few months after that. And so as. At least in retrospect it was the right thing to do. Because he was either in a nursing home or a hospital or something else that he would have been spending most of his time in those days. And what type of recommendations did you have when you decided where to place him? <SEP> The. He wanted to get into a Mennonite nursing home which is very popular and hard to get into and had a ten year waiting list. We wound up just choosing another Mennonite nursing home that was easier to get into. But naturally. It was even Mennonite related. It was actually not a particularly great nursing home. Mostly the thing was that it was available when we needed it because he suddenly got sick and needed to be put in. <SEP> So the convenience. <SEP> What do you think? My grandmother lived with us until August. And we made the decision to put her in a nursing home. She has leukemia. And the rest of her family and her regular doctors and everybody she trusted and knew was in Dayton and were several thousand miles away. <SEP> So I made the decision to put her in a nursing home. And my sister being on the other end found one that she could have what was called an independent living facility. She had her own little room and didn't have to share it with anyone and could bring in her own chair and T V set. <SEP> That's important I would say. And the other major factor is that she needs blood transfusions every week to ten days and would have to be hospitalized a day or two. So in this facility they can do it right there from her own room. <SEP> So she didn't have to be transported back and forth. So she's been there since August the thirteenth and seems to have adjusted pretty well. It's not her favorite place to be in. She'd much rather be here with me. But when it got to the point I was spending more time at the hospital with her. And I've got little children here who needed me here. <SEP> So that. She needed somebody to watch her twenty-four hours a day. And that becomes difficult then. <SEP> She was falling down and hemorrhaging. And all kinds of physical problems. So it just became too much for me to handle. Even though I would have liked to have had her stay with her health being what it was she couldn't anymore. <SEP> We tried to convince my grandfather to live with us at several points during the last few years of his life. But he was essentially too proud and too independent so that even though his heart was getting incredibly weak and his knees were going bad he lived in his own house as long as he could. <SEP> But he was living alone had an upstairs apartment could barely make it up the steps to the top without a great deal of pain. <SEP> And this. Eventually things just went too far. And he allowed himself to be put into a nursing home. I think sometimes when people get to be a certain age other people have to kind of help them make decisions. It sure wouldn't have been Granny's decision to leave us and go back to a nursing home. But she's accepted it real well now. <SEP> That's right that the children have some responsibility too to their parents and such to help decide what's the right thing. We enjoyed having her here. <SEP> And. But we feel she's much safer where she is now. She still continues to fall. But when she does a nurse is right there to help her. And I know she's eating the right things. And her doctor's right there where he can come in and check on her. So. It became dangerous for us to keep transporting her back and forth in the car because she was so wobbly and needed a walker or a wheel chair. <SEP> So I think she'll adjust.
sw3182.txt:Do you have any hobbies? I do. What are yours? <SEP> China painting and ceramics. How great. I enjoy it. Ceramic painting. <SEP> I enjoy the china more. The china more. And now that I have my eyes corrected to the point that I can see the delicate part of china painting I do enjoy it. How did you ever get into that? That sounds so interesting. <SEP> My husband kept begging me. And he's been dead now for twenty years. So you understand that this was a long time ago. But he finally brought me the china the book the brushes and he said I have made arrangements for your lessons. How marvel-. I. And I said I'll do it for three months. And if I don't like it that's it. I painted an awful lot until his death which was several years. And it has just been the most relaxing enjoyable self-satisfying thing I've had. I. Do you do it just for yourself. Or do you do it to give as gifts. Or do you actually sell it? <SEP> I have sold quite a bit. I give a lot to our two daughters that are grown and have their home. And then I just have the rest of my house with lot of hand painting in it. That sounds mar-. Do you work outside of the home? I have just retired. You've just retired. <SEP> What a great hobby. It's not. I. <SEP> It's a great hobby. But don't retire. Don't retire. I don't. I never returned to work for the p-. I have stayed home for about the last nine years. <SEP> Have. We've transferred around. And our last area was in a rural section right on the lake on Lake Erie. So the lake life appealed to me. And my husband's working. And he left it up to me if I worked or not. So in my spare time I love to sew. There aren't too many people around anymore that really enjoy sewing. But I do make all my own clothes. And we recently purchased a new home. So I enjoy doing my toppers for my window applications and things like that. <SEP> But just when I thought I really enjoyed my hobby yours sounds great. My sister is the seamstress of the two of us. But she doesn't china paint. So we both have our expertise side. That is excellent. <SEP> What part of Ohio are you in? I'm in the suburb of Cleveland. And I'm about fifteen miles probably from downtown Cleveland something like that. And Cleveland is located right on Lake Erie. And prior to this we were fifty miles west from here. So we were right on the lake. And Cleveland isn't all as bad as what you've heard. What's that. And you do find people into the crafts and various things for spare time. But I have never heard and I have actually never run into anyone into the china painting. And I'm just intrigued with it. <SEP> If you ever start be sure and start with a large flat plate. That way you can get the feel of. You're not cramped on these smaller objects. Where you're getting into the delicate work. That's right. Where did you first get your lessons from? <SEP> In Abilene Texas. Through an adult ed or strictly a china type. She just taught china painting. And. How marvelous. <SEP> Then we had so much fun there. I had a friend from Albany which is about thirty-six miles away. And we would meet every Thursday morning at our instructor's home because she did our firing for us. And she would help us. And we bought lots of equipment from her supplies. And it was just such a delightful time. And then after I. And it's so nice. Beg pardon? It must be so nice for you now that you're retired. <SEP> I have been a little bit negligent about it because I was so tired when I had to go to work after my husband's death. So I have put it aside for a little while. But I have just found me an instructor to get started again. Isn't that great. And you'll probably really regain your enthusiasm for it once you get into a class again. <SEP> Of course I just have one beautiful with peonies umbrella stand. And I have two daughters. And they're both.
sw3403.txt:What's your favorite baseball team Rita? I suppose I'm supposed to say the Rangers. Is that what I-. <SEP> Is the million dollar question here? That isn't a true false or right or wrong test here. I would like to say the Rangers. But unfortunately they're not. I was from Illinois. And my favorite team was the White Sox. Not a Cubbies fan. <SEP> My dad was. But I turned out to be a White Sox fan. That's all right. I lived in Chicago. How do you expect them to do this year? <SEP> They did pretty well. What did you think of the World Series? I'll tell you. I just moved down from South Dakota in July. And in South Dakota the Minnesota Twins are the closest professional sports team to where I was living. <SEP> And so everybody was a Twins fan. And I didn't have much interest in the Twins. It was kind of pathetic. We only had two radio stations. And one of them broadcast every Twins game live. And the other one was country. So you didn't really have a lot of choice did you. So that's right. <SEP> There's was Twins there or Skip Williams. Or country. <SEP> And I was routing for the Twins myself because a couple of Ranger players that I had watched when we first moved here went to Minnesota. And we used to tease about my son. And I used to have a bet going about some of the players that had moved from here to Minnesota. But it certainly was an exciting Series anyway. It sure was. It sure was. What do you think going to happen to the Rangers? I would like to assume that they're going to do better this coming year. <SEP> Or can we predict? I was sure hopeful anyway. When we moved down I was able to go to my first baseball game and thought this is great this is incredible. So I became a Rangers fan. I didn't really have one in South Dakota. So I adopted the Rangers. Or rather they adopted me I guess. <SEP> And it was just exciting. You can watch baseball on T V. And they hit the long ball. And it looks like they really hit that ball. But when you go to the ball park it's really not all that far. And it's so much more exciting watching a ball come at you. And. <SEP> Isn't it though. But I think going to the ball park just really makes it. Because then you watch it on T V you feel like you're more a part of it too. That's right. That's right. I'm a great sports enthusiast. So I love baseball teams. And they. In fact on the news tonight Nolan Ryan was on there. He was put in the Restaurant Hall of Fame. The Restaurant Ha-. <SEP> The Restaurant Hall of Fame inducted him tonight. And he says he's coming back. He doesn't know how many years to pitch. <SEP> He'll be at least one more. And he said he's been saying one more and it's been two and three might be two and three more. He likes it. That's right. And he's still doing great still doing excellent. <SEP> That's right. And he said I get a kick out of it. He's such a nice man. Didn't he just sign a twelve year contract with the Rangers? <SEP> And he. When he quits at being active he will go into managing and being a coach I'm sure. Management. <SEP> But he certainly is a good example for the kids. That's right. You like to have someone like that you could point to say see what a fine man he is. Some of the. Ivan Rodriguez wasn't even born when Nolan Ryan started pitching. <SEP> That's right. And it's just incredible to think that there are players who are the sons of ball players that used to play against Nolan or with Nolan. And now their sons are. <SEP> He's been a legend for so many years. And I don't know. Had you moved here yet when he did the exhibition at U T with his son. His son pitched for U T. And he pitched for an exhibition game for the Rangers. I wasn't. It was a. I think it was a little early part of the summer. And Nolan against. Was it Nolan against. <SEP> Ryan against Ryan. Ryan against Ryan. His son pitched for U T. That is neat. <SEP> And only Ryan didn't want too much publicity on it because he didn't want his son getting too nervous about this whole thing. A game is a game. The Rangers really knocked the socks off of them which you would expect anyway. <SEP> But Nolan took himself out after a couple of innings or something of the game. So.
sw2851.txt:. Quite a few. And they're varied. They don't encompass many handcrafts like knitting and that kind of thing. But I do quite a bit of wreath making. And my dogs are my hobbies. I do a lot of gardening. I go to estate sales which takes up a lot of time. <SEP> What do you mostly do? Mostly right now I do a lot of sports and stuff like that is my hobbies and do a lot of things with my family as much as possible. We're about to take the kids to go roller skating and a birthday party and stuff. <SEP>. That should be fun. <SEP> Fun for them. How old are they? I've got a little girl who's six and a little girl that's three. I think that's better than having that party at home. <SEP> This is a friend's party. And they rented. Or they. The party. They just rent skates and stuff for the kids. So they're looking forward to it. And the skating rink does the rest practically I guess. <SEP> <SEP>. What a help that is. <SEP> So. What kind of. How long have you lived in North Carolina? Not that long. <SEP> Just since October. We moved here from Enid Oklahoma. So we're originally from Virginia this part of the country. <SEP> But we did spend twenty years in Norman and Enid and loved it. <SEP> But we needed to get back to our older parents. <SEP> But I am loving it. The weather is divine. <SEP> Did you like Oklahoma while you were there? Very much. <SEP> What did you all do? My husband was with University of Oklahoma and Phillips University in Enid. <SEP> And then he went with a family corporation that has oil and ranching and varied enterprises. And he just quit a perfectly good job and came we came East. <SEP>. So is he working there then. Or. He's doing quite a bit of consulting work and has been offered a permanent position. <SEP> And he's contemplating. He's liking this free time actually. <SEP> It's just wonderful after all these years of working. <SEP> How did you get hooked up with the T I switchboard thing? A gal who works with T I on this project. I think she's a temporary worker. Mother is my best friend in Virginia. <SEP> I see. So we have spread the word a little bit in this part of the country. I see. <SEP> W-. My wife has talked more than I have. She's talked to four five different people. It seems like she hasn't talked to anybody from Dallas. In fact she's talked to a couple of people from North Carolina I think. What is her name? <SEP> Her name's Tina. I haven't talked to her. I haven't talked to a Tina yet. <SEP> W-. The call was probably for her. They wouldn't accept my T I N number. So we put hers in. But like I said we're getting the kids ready to go to the birthday party. <SEP> But some of. I've only talked to one or two. And they've all been in Dallas. But she hasn't talked to anybody in Dallas yet. So that's interesting. You haven't told me what sports that you are active in. <SEP> The sport I like best probably is basketball. But I guess I'm probably better at softball. And so I'd. During the summer months it's occupies quite a bit of my time. But I play in a couple of leagues and occasionally in a tournament or something on a weekend. But my family usually goes with me. We try to do everything we can together. I think that's easy entertainment for a family too. <SEP>. They. A good friend of mine that plays on one of my teams we. That's usually the team I play on with the tournaments and stuff. And they have a couple of kids that are almost my kids age. So they play together pretty well. Under the stands. <SEP> And. Under the bleachers. <SEP> Pretty much. And Tina enjoys the other lady real well. <SEP> So they. That's kind of nice. It's like getting together with them. It's getting a little hot isn't it? <SEP> So to speak. It. It's been raining a lot here so far. So we haven't really had any kind of real heat. I think it's going to be warm enough this afternoon we were noticing a while ago it's already eighty in the house. So it looks like an air conditioner day. <SEP> But. It sure does. Or maybe this evening anyway. It. But I'm sure you're familiar with that living here. Very much so. <SEP> We go through Enid quite a bit. We go to Tulsa from time to time. And my parents live in southern Illinois. So we drive up there. <SEP> And lot of times we take seventy-five. And it seems like that goes through Enid. It doesn't. <SEP> I've either seen the signs or. Enid is. It's in the northwest. It's directly across the state from Tulsa. I know I've seen the sign somewhere. Sure you have. <SEP> Enid is not an unknown little city. It. <SEP> An awful lot of people know where it is or have been there. And it was a very self-sufficient wealthy town for a long time anyway. Until everything happened. <SEP>. The bottom fell out. But. <SEP> It's beginning to do well. But there's a lot of old time wealth there that has helped to stabilize things. <SEP> So how l-. You said you've just lived in North Carolina just six months then is. Si-. Something like that. <SEP> And you really like it there? I've heard so many people talk about that area. I've never been there. It's pretty. <SEP> But they sure say it's pretty. The weather is wonderful. This winter we. It was just. We had so many wonderful days. And. <SEP> I. If it got to be forty degrees I decided it was too cold to walk the dogs. Isn't it funny how your standards change? <SEP>. It really does. My wife and I spent a couple years doing church work up in the state of Washington right on the coast. <SEP> And it rains a lot there. But you get used to it. It's like a fine mist all the time. And it doesn't really. It gets to where it doesn't bother you. <SEP> Carolina this part is very much like that too. Very foggy and misty. <SEP> It. The moss grows on the trees in the woods up eight ten feet. <SEP>. <SEP> That's the way it was there too. I think however that's like February. I know it did it all February. And some people said to me `` that's our wintertime. ''. I know you need to go. <SEP> But. And I've enjoyed talking to you. I have enjoyed talking to you too. It was nice to talk to you. So much. <SEP> Have a. I hope you enjoy North Carolina. Thank you. <SEP> And I hope you enjoy and get through that birthday party. <SEP> I hope I live through it. I do too. <SEP> That's what I hope. A lot.
sw2602.txt:Go ahead. Do I still feel that the Soviet Union as such is still a threat to the civilized western world? Absolutely. And my reasons are based upon not only what I see on the newspapers but up against some of the fun and exciting things I ran into during my six years as a soldier in the Fifth Special Forces Group. I guess I don't see them as much of a threat as they used to be. But I think just the instability of the country right now is sort of scary. <SEP> That's what makes it a powder keg. The. I'll go back in time a little bit to about eighty-one when my first real involvement with the military started. Naturally we were at the time. The Soviet Union was considered to be the big military power and the big threat. So we got quite a bit of information as well as indoctrination on Soviet tactics and weapons. <SEP> I went to Lebanon in eighty-three before the marines ever got there with the U N Peace Keeping Force. And with the training I received prior to going there with captured weapons we kept running up against. These weren't Chinese made copies. These were Soviet made top of the line fresh out of the box A K forty-sevens. As well as a lot of the explosives we were running into. In Granada in October twenty-fifth eighty-three we invaded the place. There were Cuban soldiers there. But there was also a bunch of Russian advisors that were damn good shots. The team I was with we jumped in on the western tip of the island down on Point Salinas. And for every Cuban there was at least five Russian advisors. <SEP> And they were all shooting state of the art Soviet weapons. In eighty-four I was down in Central America as an advisor to the Honduran Army. Again we were running up against Cubans quite a bit plus Soviet advisors. And the equipment we were capturing and taking from the Nicaraguans was brand new out of the crate Soviet made material. Do I consider them a threat? Absolutely. They have a university in Moscow called the Patrice de Lamumba University. About like A and M or U T where they're teachings subjects like that they're teaching terrorism. Some of the people we went up against in Lebanon were graduates from that place. And let me tell you they are nothing nice to go up against. I'm surprised during this Iraqi crisis we didn't have more incidents than they did. These guys are top of the line. When they graduate from there they can pull terrorist actions anywhere in the free world. And they are very very good at what they do. So until I see the entire quote old guard of the Soviet government completely roll over and disappear preferably buried I still consider them a threat. <SEP> Their military is different from ours to where there are extremist generals that actually control tens and thousands of troops. That. Irregardless of what Soviet policy is they're going to do what the general tells them. I guess that's what concerns me the most. Is they're so unstable that somebody like that could make decisions that would jeopardize a lot of people. It's interesting watching the different Soviet states Albania Lithuania doing their little revolts down there. <SEP> Each one of those sectors has got a Soviet general over the troops that are there. So far they haven't run into the real psychos yet. There's probably five or six which would be an equivalent of our joint chiefs of staffs that are in positions over some of these Soviet states. If uprisings happen in their sectors it's going to be a total blood bath. It looks like it's come close to that as it is. They're showing remarkable restraint. They get real nasty the hyundee helicopters come out. And they would level entire areas. You're from the Dallas area? <SEP> You know basically the size of the area around Richardson? You put five Soviet hyundee helicopters in the air they can level the entire area. And there won't be anything left alive. And they can do that in about four minutes. <SEP> And they've got entire squadrons of those just standing by. They used them in Afghanistan did remarkably well considering the terrain they were flying in. But on a highly populated area like some of the Soviet cities would be with the weaponry that's attached on those things there is no place to hide. If the bombs don't get you if the bullets don't get you then the nerve gas definitely will get you. The only drawback on that little piece of machinery is they only got five minutes of air time. They drink that much fuel. Were you. Have you. I take it you haven't spent any time in the military? I haven't. <SEP> As a civilian that's never been attached to any form of the military. I know a lot of this stuff that I was involved in never did make the newspapers. But during that same time frame didn't you get some feeling that they're getting all these weapons and stuff? Didn't it bug you a little bit why they kept coming up with all this stuff? You mean in the most recent conflict? <SEP> In any of them since eighty-one. Definitely. I'm a little bit shocked to what the U S has done in terms of selling to Iraq in the past ten to fifteen years. I think we kind of shoot ourselves in the foot that way too. It's bad enough that the Soviets do it. It all boils down to whether it's our side their side. It's a matter of money to a certain extent. <SEP> The deal the Iraqis have with the Russians was for oil. It's scary to know that they're supplying that many people with weapons. Especially when it's to the south of us. <SEP> The ones to the south are more regional conflict. They're not really that worried about invading north. They're more interested in. They've got a screwed up situation I'll give them that. From Mexico all the way down into Central and South America. The situation down there is weird. And it's very screwed up. Inflation is out of this world. And the governments which our government has technically supported for years are corrupt as all get out. And generally the people are getting screwed. <SEP> And they're tired of it. And they're willing to try anything to get out from under it even if that means going to communism. I think Russia is getting to the point where they're about to do something to get out of communism. I guess I'd would like to see somebody like Yeltsin to get more power. I think Gorbachev has about had his day. Unfortunately Yeltsin's got too many connections with the old guard. That's the only drawback that I see with the entire thing. <SEP> Gorbachev has made his attempt. And he's had his problems with some of the old guard himself. Yeltsin's in tight with the old guard. So it may be trying to choose between the lesser of two evils at this point. <SEP> True. I don't know. I sure wouldn't turn my back on them. You mean. I understand when they reduced the number of troops in Europe after the Berlin Wall went down. I thought that was great. But by no means do I endorse or approve pulling everybody out. <SEP> It may be a much reduced force than what we used to have over there. But you still better have the key players in place if something does go down. Even if it's a regional conflict. If United States is going to flex its muscle and be the super power that it is not only does it talk the talk but it's got to be able to walk the walk. It's got to have the stuff to back up what it's saying. If you've only got a token force there you can't hold your ground. At least they're learning a little bit from history.
sw3663.txt:. Considering you moved here from California I guess the rain for the past few weeks has been different than what you have down there. <SEP> We have in California. I lived in central California. We have rain couple times a year. And other than that it would be maybe October and then in the spring. And then other than that there wouldn't be any rain. Especially the last few years. <SEP> It's kind of been a drought out there hasn't it. There has. Here I know that last year there was some ice storms while I was out of the state. And I'm glad to see there haven't been any this year. Yet. <SEP> Yet. Still could come. Generally if we're going to get them it's not going to happen prior to January one. You may get a cold snap or two or some rain or something like we've been getting in December. But usually the bitterest weather if we're going to have any comes in January and February. <SEP>. Then by March things are getting warm again. So we really don't have as long a cold season as people up north. <SEP> It's so hard to predict here. It's been eighty degrees on Christmas day here before. Lots of times. <SEP> Today it's not bad out there. It's nice. I just came in from outside. And it's really pretty. It's kind of nice to have it dry all the ground out before it rains again. <SEP>. I'm a scoutmaster. And so I wind up going out camping with a bunch of boys at one time. And so it's better for us if it hasn't been this totally wet before we go. <SEP>. So you do that even in January? <SEP> We camp year round. That's interesting. But it's definitely different. <SEP> And then I guess you've been through a couple of summers here too? <SEP> I have. And they're not too pleasant. It gets so humid. To me it's humid here. People that I know that come from Georgia or North Carolina they say it's. It is. <SEP> It's not as humid. As Houston or Atlanta. <SEP> But more humid than Arizona. <SEP> But I find it. And California for the most part. Were you northern California? <SEP> I was central California. Central. Central valley. So that was Dry but pretty even climate wasn't it? Year round fairly Not wide fluctuations. <SEP> It's very dry there. <SEP> It's pretty hot in the summer. It's in the usually. For a good three four weeks we have over a hundred degrees. But it's a drier. <SEP> But it's a dry heat. Hundred when you have a hundred here everybody's dying. I know. I lived in Africa for a couple years in Cameroon. <SEP> And that's a tropical climate. And it really feels similar to this during the summer. What type of business takes you to those climates. Or was that just vacation or something? <SEP> I still work with Wycliff Bible Translators. It's an organization where we are looking to translate the BIBLE into languages of the world that aren't yet written. Not so much still trying to translate old texts as just trying to translate modern versions into other languages. <SEP> Languages that don't have anything written yet. So this is the first thing that's written down. Or first an alphabet is developed. And then. That's interesting. <SEP> You don't think about that as a normal career when you're thinking of things that people might be doing. <SEP> It's based here. The international headquarters for Wycliff Bible Translators is right here in Dallas. So you're with the home office now. Right now I am. That's what brought me here. I think all in all there are a lot worse climates than Dallas. The weather does change fast. <SEP> And things do happen severely a few times a year. But there's an awful lot of good weather too in between. <SEP> I agree. I agree. I thought the fall was really nice. And usually a lot of the spring months are really nice too. After the last freeze. And when it begins to be in the sixties and seventies most of the time I like that. Particularly if I'm going to be outdoors and doing outdoor activity hiking and things. <SEP>. <SEP> And that's nicer. You probably do a lot of that with scouting. <SEP> I do quite a bit of that. <SEP> Think we're going in just a couple of weeks out to east Texas. And it is a little more humid out there than it is here. So I guess we'll. The only thing you have to watch out in this part of the country during the change type seasons is the really severe storms that occasionally come through out here on the plains. <SEP> There's not much between us and the North Pole. And then when you get one of those tornado type systems through or severe hail or thunderstorms. <SEP> And then.
sw2860.txt:There we are. Tell me what are some of the things that you did with your children when they were growing up? When they were little we did lots of reading and playing and going to parks and things of that sort. <SEP> And I had two boys. They were both interested in things like model rockets. So we would go to the football field and set off model rockets. <SEP> I have two boys also. My children are swimmers. And so as they were growing up much of our normal life outside of school and everything revolved around their swimming. So in order to have a reason for being there especially as they got older I became involved in it too. So we were always together at their meets. That's good. Mine were not terribly sporting. <SEP> They both did T-ball and soccer in grade school. But neither one of them carried on the sports after that. <SEP> The boys tried those. But they did go in. They started swimming when they were seven and eight. And they really loved it. And they're swimming both c-. They'll be. One is in college also swims in college. And the other will continue to swim in college. And they're fortunate. They even made nationals. Wonderful !. That's great !. And so we would drive up to see that whenever it was reasonably close. But we did a lot of things. And we tried to do things both together and individually with the children. I. <SEP> We live near Washington. So we would always go in for the museums. That's always a big thing. And one of my children is also a musician. So one of the things that we did with him a lot was to go t- concerts with him. <SEP> And my other child is big into tropical fish. So our whole family we take family trips to different places to visit fish stores or go to fish shows. So. <SEP> We didn't have any avid activities like that. They were interested in a lot of things. But nothing to quite that depth I guess. But we would. <SEP> I don't think we've missed a fish store on the entire northeast coast of the United States. We did go to things like aquariums and natural history museums and zoos and all of those things that one does with kids. <SEP> In fact it's funny. Our vacations have always been as they've gotten older. When they were younger we would go to the beach. But as they got older we tried to pattern our vacations where we would travel and do things and that there would be a feature each day. Whether it would be going to. <SEP> One summer we went up to New England. And we went to the marble quarries up there to see that and another day fish hatchery. So we did try. <SEP> And of course we learned too. And I don't know. I. When they were very young I did not work. I started working half-time when they were at the nursery school. <SEP> But I. Yet. And I started working part-time when they were in junior high school and high school. And I worked in the school system. And now I work a full school day. But that leaves me off on holidays and summers. <SEP> So it was a. I think they need me more when they were older than they did when they were. I think they need you in different ways. <SEP> That's true. You want to be around for the crisis and things like that. But it's not quite so much the hand-holding and peanut butter and jelly making. That's right. <SEP> That's for sure. That's for sure. Do you have any feelings as to the trends that you see? It lo-. O-. The one trend is that with so many more women choosing professional careers there are fewer of them home in the afternoons. And I don't think it needs to be the mothers. But I think it would be nice if some of the parents would be around for a few more hours. <SEP> When they. It was funny. I can remember. And my mother and I have talked about it to how important it was when I came home from school. It wasn't really conversation. But there were always things that just tumbled out. <SEP> Granted the child doesn't always think that they're sharing it. But it. When it's not there they miss it. I think that's true. But I also think that's at least in my experience truer of girls than boys. Even when I was there my boys didn't share all that much with me and certainly not to the extent I did with my mother. <SEP> I realize that. But it's funny. They don't always do it. But occasionally they do. And you want. And when they do there's a reason for it that they're sharing it. <SEP> And at least I've wanted to be available when for some reason they were bouncing something off of me. Because it was something that was bothering them or they were concerned about. And it was. You just felt if I weren't here how. <SEP> Or if my husband. Who would they ask? That's right. Or what would they do? <SEP> That's exactly right. But it's been interesting particularly because the society in which we live families are separated. You don't have grandparents near by or aunts and uncles. I grew up in a situation where on weekends we were always visiting relatives. I did too. We were close to my maternal grandparents and close enough to visit my paternal grandparents quite often. <SEP>. They were fifty miles away. But. <SEP> And we're. That. I grew up with. Every weekend there was some visiting somewhere. And it was sort of an Italian family. <SEP> But my children. Although we have some relatives in the area that we see we. They don't ha-. It's not that constant thing where you are on intimate terms with cousins. When my kids were quite small we lived close to both sets of grandparents. <SEP> And they saw them a lot. But they don't have any cousins. Or they didn't. Their cousins are about ten years younger. <SEP> So they never played together or anything. And I just sort of think yeah. And there are only two of them. And they didn't live in the same town. <SEP> That. The trend of families and time. Where parents are spending less time you don't have the families to take up the gap. That's right. And so the kids in some ways are suffering a little bit in that the family issues that get discussed and all these are very important parts of them growing up. <SEP> So we try to do it as well as we can. We keep in close contact with grandparents and talk over the phone. <SEP> And cousins and aunts and uncles. And we do. But although it's not the same we are. And that's part of teaching too is what a family is like. Because then how do they pattern their own? Everyone makes its own model. But it seems that there should be some continuity. And it's helpful to have things that become family traditions and that sort of thing. <SEP> That's. We have had this tradition that we always go out before Christmas and cut our own tree. And that's always been a little bit of a tradition that we've had. This year it's was hard with our son now being in college. <SEP> So this was one thing that we weren't able to do this year. But we did that from the time the children were young enough to realize what it was until our older son went away to college. That's the kind of thing that they will remember though. And we have advent calendars still from the time that they came to. <SEP> Ours finally disintegrated. We had a felt one that was li-. It was a Christmas tree that had a little trinket for each day that was pinned on the date. <SEP> That's. And then you took it off and put it on the tree. So at the end you had a decorated tree. <SEP> Ours is. A friend of mine from Denmark hand appliqued one for each child. And it finally got moth-eaten. We threw it way last year. How nice. <SEP> And they look today as new as they did when she gave them to us. And there's a ring. And you buy a present. I see. And you wrap the present up. And the presents have gone from the days when they were very young to a little box of Band-Aids and an eraser and things. How cute. <SEP> To today where sometimes I put a little gift if I see something that's occasionally a Christmas tree decoration which they will save for their future to sometimes just money pieces of candy. <SEP> So I think as they're getting in college I just. For my older boy that was in college I put a dollar bill for each day. Which was the equivalent. I'm sure he appreciated that !. It was the equivalent of a Christmas present. <SEP> And it was fun. But that's a tradition. And those will be passed on to them when they get married and leave. You were saying what other trends are there. And one just occurred to me because I was editing a book about it recently. <SEP> And that is the trend in a lot of lower class areas for the grandmothers to be raising the children. And that's. A lot of it is due to the fact that the mothers are on drugs. <SEP> The b-. And the broken families. As I said living in an area of Washington D C. We definitely see this. And it's that grandmother figure not only raising her own children but raising children from the streets too frequently. We had a sociologist at the center where I work who was writing a book on multigeneration matriarchies. Where the tradition in the family has been for a teenaged daughter to have a baby while she's still living at home with the mother. <SEP>. And. <SEP> This is a si-. This is in fact. We've been studying this in our school that not the symptoms. It's one of the ways that young girls feel that they are maturing. It's a rite of passage.
sw2151.txt:. What do you think about the idea of kids having to do public service work for a year? Do you think it's a. <SEP> I think it's a pretty good idea. I think they should either do that or afford some time to the military or helping elderly people. Def-. I think that we have a bunch of elderly folks in the country that could use some help. And I think that before we expend all our young talent overseas and helping other countries we ought to perhaps give a little bit of our help to our own folks at home. And I'm not sure that that's not a bad idea. That's true. <SEP> Or the military for a year or two wouldn't be bad for. I think it teaches kids how to grow. How about yourself? I agree with you. What I'm thinking about is back when I was a kid and much earlier than that kids were kind of i-. The parents kind of pushed them to join the Boy Scouts or Girl Scouts. And they did do a lot of public service activities. But these days they're not. Parents aren't encouraging their kids to do things like that. Because when I was in the Girl Scouts we did a lot of public service things because that's just part of the scouting and. <SEP> I've. That's really great. I really think that both the Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts is two excellent organizations. They are. But parents. Kids seem like when they get ten or twelve years old they fall out of that. They do. <SEP> And they don't follow it at all. There are very few Scouts go on and become Eagle Scouts. And I don't know what the high rank is for the gals. But. I. Senior. <SEP> Senior. So there's not. They're just not. Once they get into junior high it just not done anymore. They lose interest. <SEP> And then when they young adults there's even less interest there. They're more for. Me. <SEP> Not. Grab. Grab. Grab. Walk out. You're absolutely right. <SEP> I think it's really a good thing. I like to see. Of course there's third world countries that can use all kind of help. But there's a lot that can be done right here in this country too. But I think we ought to start right here at home. <SEP> I'm. I'm not so sure that helping overseas would be such a hot idea for a lot of young people. It. But since there is much that needs to be done here. <SEP> I think that we need to really address what we've done here. And then perhaps even a six month tour overseas that gives them much broader outlook. It's been really good. We talked about this for a few minutes. And hopefully we'll have other good topic maybe another call someday. But I don't really have too much more to say on this topic I guess. I agree with you. <SEP> I guess we both agree that it's a good thing that they should do sometime. <SEP> You take care. And enjoy the day. You too. You too. <SEP> Thank you ma'am.
sw2157.txt:. Who's your favorite team? Who do you think? The Dallas Cowboys. <SEP> The Dallas Cowgirls. They did have a fairly decent year finally this year. <SEP> At least they're coming around. They're going to get better. I think once Jimmy Johnson gets his system established they'll do all right. As long as Troy Aikman doesn't get hurt again. That kind of killed them at the end of the season last year. <SEP> I don't even know who your favorite team is actually. I'm a Viking fan. I think I did know that I just forgot. <SEP> And they haven't been doing too hot. So. Has Herschel Walker done much for them? In fact the Cowboys got the best end of that deal. He was a good player. I guess. I don't know. He just never. I don't know. For a while there. <SEP> I've never been over impressed with him. He'd get past six or seven tackles and just keep spinning around and get on into the end zone. But I guess you never could really see him play because with the Cowboys while he was with the team the rest of the team was pretty poor. So you couldn't really tell if it was just him or the team. And I always just assumed that he was too good for the rest of the team. But I don't know. Who's the running. Is it Sammy Smith. Or is it Emmett Smith. Emmett Smith. <SEP> Emmett Smith. N-. He's been doing real good. I'm pretty impressed with him so far. Did he actually play in the Pro Bowl. I remember he was a backup. And then somebody got injured. And he was supposed to go. <SEP> I'm not sure. I haven't been keeping up with football in the fall. I can go on and on about football. But since it's kind of off season it's kind of hard to think back about all that. But. Who else is. There's Mike. Minnesota Vikings used to be the general manager starting the World Football League. <SEP> And he was trying to keep. I can't even think of the guy's name either the coach of the Vikings. I have no idea. Bu-. Jerry Burns. No earthly idea. <SEP> He was going to keep him as the coach somehow. But I don't know. I'd like to see the Vikings get revamped somehow. How did they end up this year? Did they make it to the play-offs at all? They started out really bad. They went one and six. And then they won five or six in a row. <SEP> So they were in a shot to make the play-offs. And they screwed up the last couple of games. Kind of like the cowboys. I guess you can. Except I think the Cowboys are on the upswing. I don't know about the Vikings. <SEP> Just hadn't heard much about them lately. And the Cardinals were kind of like the Cowb-. In fact they were doing better than the Cowboys. And the Cowboys came on strong at the end of the season. And the Cardinals got killed by the Cowboys. So. The Cardinals I don't know. I think the Cowboys probably have a better team. They just. At the end of the season the kind of got messed up with Aikman getting hurt because Laufenberg just couldn't ever really get it together at all. Of course he sat along the sidelines all season. He never really got in a game never did a whole lot. <SEP> Don't made any excuses for him. I'm just saying I shouldn't blast him like that say Laufenberg got out there and blew it for them. He didn't get to see much action. But too bad. Because he had a shot and didn't look too good. And so no one's going to have much faith in him any more. In fact I think they're getting a different guy for a backup quarterback. I haven't kept up with it lately. But I remember reading something a few months ago about them signing somebody else on or trying to go after somebody or trade for somebody. But it wasn't anybody I'd really heard of. But I heard on the radio this morning or yesterday morning that Aikman's back in practicing doing real real well. Who is it Michael Irvin. <SEP> He said that Aikman was hitting him right on the numbers every time. So sounds like he's going to be all right for next season. They're just trying not to overwork him right now until he gets his shoulder back in shap-. It was his shoulder that he had the problems with? I don't know. I think it was. I think it was his shoulder he had surgery on. But they're trying to keep him from reinjuring anything but. <SEP> But I got my thirty day notice yesterday. Thirty day notice for what? I'm done where I work. <SEP> I guess we can't talk much more about that. But I just thought I'd throw that in there. What. Maybe I'll call you back after the recording is finished. Actually I think we have talked about football for five minutes. I can't remember. I've always ran out of time ever since I've done this. I usually have too. <SEP> They always say you've talked your ten minute limit. I've done that once or twice. I didn't look at the clock when we started talking. So I guess we should talk about football a little bit longer just to be sure we got five minutes in. Make sure we get our cash flow. <SEP> Other than the Vikings who do you like? Actually when I was younger I was a Cardinal fan too. <SEP> Remember Jim Hart? Jim Hart was playing. Terry Metcalf was on the Cardinals. This was a long time ago. I don't know who else I've ever. That's about it. I was always a Viking fan. I think I was into the Cardinals for a little bit. And. Back when they were in Saint Louis? <SEP> Of course. Since they've been to Phoenix they haven't been all that impressive I guess. I guess I've always been a Cowboy fan. Other than that when you grow up in a city that has one of the greatest football teams until the last few years you kind of tend to get caught up in it. The Cowboys were America's football team. <SEP> There's no question about that. So. It was really exciting growing up when the Cowboys were really big. Because my parents would always have season tickets. And they'd go to all the games. And the hype were just unbelievable. It's just the last. I guess probably since about eighty-four about eighty-five was when they started kind of going downhill really. But I'm just used to always growing up and hearing Cowboys Cowboys Cowboys and Super Bowl and all this other stuff. So I can't. I'm not going to decide I don't like them just because they're having a few bad years. I think they'll pull out of it. And they'll wind up being good again. They've got lot of really good young players that are going to do pretty good I think. But they're raising prices on their tickets. So they're banking on doing good next season. I think tickets are. <SEP> Again. What are they going up to thirty bucks or something? Thirty or thirty-two for really good tickets. They sectioned it out even more. They used to just have. First of all it was all one price. And then they sectioned it out to end zone and then everything else. And now they're sectioning it off from one twenty yard line to the other one. Just on the lower levels is the highest price. And then the next highest price is that same area but above it on the upper level. And then from the twenty to the ten yard line. And then they're some sections kind of in the corner areas. And then the cheapest of course is going to be the direct end zones. But they have about four or five different prices now. That they're structuring it with. But obviously they're all going up more or less is what it's going to do. <SEP> So now the tickets even got lower than the lowest one last year. I'm not sure. I'm not positive. I didn't really think about that. I just remember trying to figure out where you could get. That was real close to the good section but in the little bit cheaper. But not that I'll ever go. I hadn't been to a Cowboys game. Last time I went to the Cowboys game was during that N F L strike or when they had the scab teams in there. And it was the Dallas and Washington Redskins game. And I went because my dad can usually get a hold of some free tickets because a lot of those doctors have season tickets. And if they're not going to use them they'll give them to somebody else. So I went with my dad to a game that one time. But that wasn't a real. It was the scab teams. It was kind of different I guess. And before that it's been quite a few years. I've been wanting to go to a game. I just never have gotten around to it. So maybe this year. That's interesting. I almost lost our electricity here.
sw3658.txt:. Universal health insurance. <SEP> That's right. I think universal health insurance like national health like what Canada has Is that what you're thinking the subject is about? What would we like to say. I think. <SEP> I think that's what the subject is about. Did you read the article in the paper today about this particular subject? <SEP> In the MORNING TIMES? I guess I did not. The state of Washington and the state of Minnesota is going to begin testing a state funded program for citizens of those two states. And there's fourteen other states that are considering it. Least according to the article in the paper this morning. I think it's a trend that's probably may go nationwide eventually because I think national health is something that we all need. It's getting to a point that you have to have it. You have to have some form of health insurance. <SEP> It's been interesting that we. Extremely expensive though. We live in a society though where everyone if you ask them on polls will say that they think that everyone has a right to health care. <SEP> And yet I don't think we've ever quite decided who's really supposed to pay for it. That's the thing. Unfortunately the ones that currently pay and pay the premiums for health insurance are paying for the people that don't have health insurance. Which is why people are talking about. We ought to just admit it perhaps and then try and somehow subsidize it in a way that's more fair. <SEP> I don't think you. You have health insurance? I do. <SEP> Through your company? Through my company. But I have been in a situation recently where I was laid off from a position as a sales manager of a company and was off work for about a year. And my wife developed cancer. We didn't have any insurance. And it was a go to Parkland type situation. <SEP> That's must have been hard. How was your care at Parkland? Because it was a life threatening situation it was very good. As it turned out one of the top doctors in the state that is involved in cancer treatment was at Parkland. <SEP> But yet Parkland is not free either. It's not free. But it's a situation that because I didn't have any insurance and I was on unemployment it was paid by the county. Is it affordable? <SEP> So you did have a good experience. I had a bad experience as it turned out. I was fortunate that there was Parkland. Is your wife better I hope? She passed away. <SEP> I'm real sorry. That's all right. That happens. <SEP> It does happen. But it's very sad. But in any event I'm in favor of national health. If I had to vote for it. So am I. <SEP> Actually I'm a pediatrician. Is that right? <SEP> And I feel very strongly about children and developed very strong feelings about this during our measles epidemic last year. Where we certainly proved that we're not doing a very good job with preventive health care among children and particularly the children who need it most. <SEP> So I'm really quite active in trying to be proactive at least for children's issues. It's very complex very complicated. But I strongly believe that all children have a right to immunization glasses hearing aids basic health benefits. When I grew up and. I grew up in south central Kansas. We had. And my mom worked for the county health department. And we had x-rays every year. We had a dentist come to our school and check our teeth once a year at least. We had all our flu shots taken care of our measles mumps rubella and all that other stuff. And when my children were growing up we didn't have that. We had to pay for it which I wasn't opposed to paying for it. I had the money to pay for it. But I'm sure that there were people that don't. <SEP> And so much has gone up so much. The cost of immunizations for example and just the legal benefits. That has really forced people into doing a lot of things unnecessarily et cetera. I don't know. It is interesting. In case you didn't know Texas leads the nation in uninsured children. Thirty-one percent of all Texas children do not have insurance and are not on Medicaid. Did not know that. <SEP> So one out of every three children has nothing to reimburse them for their health care. And I work in the children's Parkland system. And it's pretty overwhelming to me. But it's pretty hard to be indigent and to be dependent upon indigent health care systems in Dallas county.
sw3205.txt:The question was on lawn and garden work. How do you like it? I don't do much of it here. I'm from Colorado originally. And there are no bugs there. And I didn't mind getting in the dirt there. But I'll tell you what. Once I see these bugs around here I'm just kind of out of it. What kind do you have? <SEP> Roaches and. Do they really? Cockroaches are awful here. <SEP> Just awful. So I. And I know somebody that lives there. And they never mentioned that problem. You're kidding you're kidding. It's a d-. Maybe they didn't mention it because it's just kind of a fact of life around here. And. They probably just take it for granted then. <SEP> It must be. If they lived here a lot of people I know just say I just stomp on them. It doesn't matter. They make good fertilizer in the garden. Me personally can't. I don't have that problem. It's. Mine is mainly. We kind of have an understanding that I said I'll do inside work you do outside work. <SEP> And so I get into the gardening part of it the fun part like putting in the annuals and things like that. <SEP> But I don't like it dirty. I have to say that's not exactly my favorite thing either really. I don't know. We got the question. And I thought this is going to be interesting. Two bits I'll get a man to talk to me because they get stuck doing it all. <SEP> But although I do know a lot of my friends do like all the gardening work. And this year we put in a new lawn in a new home. So we've been fighting a drought here this summer and getting into fall. <SEP> Today we just had a lot of rain. <SEP> So it's kind of nice. I don't know how yours has been. It's been real hot here lately. We've had to actually have the air-conditioning on and everything. But doe-. It's supposed to rain again this weekend. I see. <SEP> So then. We're leaving tomorrow. And we're going down to New Orleans. And from Ohio since we're right near Lake Erie. This is going to be a switch for us for a week going down there. And I think we'll probably experience some of your weather although I think they have more humidity. But as far as the gardening and things like that goes I don't know too much about how much I really do enjoy it myself. <SEP> Do you like it at all? Not here. It's just here. I just can't stand to even get out in the dirt. Just. How about when you were in Colorado? <SEP> I liked it a little bit. But I didn't. I was working at that time full-time and didn't have a lot of time for that. And so that really hampered it a little bit. And then too where we had the dry summer and we had to sprinkle constantly. My water bill was high. And if you have that on a regular basis in Texas I think I would go with something very dry to keep it off. <SEP> And with children you probably don't have time anyhow to get into it. <SEP> Not really. It's so very good. I guess we've kind of covered our subject matter since neither one is really into gardening are we? <SEP> Sounds like i-. Afraid not. Hopefully they'll give a subject I like one of these times. Something I really know a lot about. <SEP> Wh-. Nice talking to you. Nice talking with you. <SEP>.
sw2604.txt:One year public service for everybody. That was it? Who wants to start this one? Em-. I don't know. I've been sitting here thinking. Because it took a couple tries before I found somebody. I'm not really sure what I think about this. The first thing is if it's going to be mandatory it's got to be mandatory. Everybody not just poor people and all that. But senators' sons and all that stuff too. <SEP> Everybody's got to do it. I don't know. It'd probably be good. I just don't know if I was eighteen or whatever I'd want to be stuck doing it for a year or whatever. I'm not sure I want an eighteen year old to make that kind of decision. That doesn't sound right. I guess I see overall beneficial if we're going from that point of view. <SEP> In the past. I don't know I don't know how old you are. But when I was in high school it was the beginning of Vietnam and so forth. And many of my peers were being drafted. And I could see that many of them had conscientious objections to war or whatever. But I felt strongly then that even if they didn't feel like they could kill someone or go into a military situation that they could help the country in other ways. Be it cleaning out lots in their neighborhood or whatever kind of community or public service might be available. <SEP> And I guess I see that as not so much a demand but a privilege. It's something. It is. It's. Since we live here and we all benefit rich poor or in between there are benefits even for those who have it the hardest. I just see that as maybe a good idea. I wouldn't mind doing it at forty-four. <SEP> And I find ways to turn some of that back to others. And I guess I can't see that as being something to really object to. I guess it would still depend on how. If you're talking about something that's like one year full time this is what you do. You're going to go and fill pot holes and all that stuff. I don't know. I could see a gamut of different kinds of opportunities. Things that need to be done that could be done in an hour or two a day or several hours of the week. Like a half of a day on Saturday or something like that. In addition to what one does besides that. <SEP>. <SEP> I can't imagine what kind of bureaucracies we'd get into and expense having it be full time. You're going to go to this camp. And you're going to. Back in the Depression the C C C the construction corps that went out and did things. That was great. It was needed. It gave some folks some jobs. And we got some great public works out of it. But I don't see that as being necessary now. I can see it being done on a regular schedule. <SEP> Everybody has to put in so many hours of public service in a given time perhaps. I guess I see all of us benefiting. And I don't see it just relegated to the young. But I see so much going on that's bad. And this would give them a chance to have some positive self-esteem. <SEP> Something that they turn back. And also you feel more like you're actually part of the community if you've done something in it. <SEP> That's right. You take pride in that and get some positive feedback from those who benefit besides yourself. <SEP> And I see it being most beneficial if it's in at least the area where the person lives. Definitely. It might not be the same neighborhood but the same city or county because then you're coming in contact with it. It's not as meaningful for me to go to Minnesota and do something up there that I'll never be able to see again unless I happen to go on vacation up there. <SEP> It almost needs to be something that has more impact for the individual on going. <SEP> But as far as putting that into work I don't want to deal with the heartache of first of all getting it started and figuring out how to do the logistics of it. That would be a nightmare. And just getting it going. <SEP>. I see a lot of things like scouting Boys Clubs Girls Clubs things like that that kind of get into that citizenship the looking after the environment sort of thing. <SEP> And I guess I don't see this being that different. But even more beneficial because it would be something that everybody participated in and would take a turn in. <SEP>. Do you have kids? Not yet. In about six months we will. <SEP> Good. You'll have a little time think about that. I guess I have. When I was teaching school I saw so many kids that were at loose ends and that didn't really have a purpose. And I can see some really significant things coming out of it. I know you've got to get past that grudge attitude that many have. But that would be a part of selling it to the community. <SEP> The adults ahead of it would probably never serve and to each succeeding generation. There definitely would have to be a major P R campaign in each community each county parish or however the state was divided up. I may. I don't know. Around here we have a number of community projects that folks just volunteer for. Boy Scout troops or church groups or civic clubs will police a couple of miles of the highway and kee-. And I've seen it in other states too. They have that here. <SEP> I don't know. They've got in most of the states around here. Down in North Carolina there was a big controversy for a while because the local chapter of the K K K wanted to participate in it. <SEP> And there was a. <SEP> And there were those that said. You can't do that I'm sure. It was interesting because that's an interesting question. Should these people be allowed to or not? I think they finally decided not to because they figured that stretch of highway was going to get trashed. <SEP> And I hadn't even thought about the other end of that. That's an interesting situation. I hadn't thought of that. We had visited relatives in Virginia not too long ago. And I thought I had seen when we were traveling around the state some similar signs up that indicated that certain sections were being policed and cleaned up. And. I think Virginia's got it. And I know Maryland does. And we went to Indianapolis last weekend and back. And I'm pretty sure I saw stuff in Ohio and Indiana about it and maybe Pennsylvania. I don't remember for sure now. And I don't know about your part of the country. But down here in the last year plus There's just been more of a turn toward environmental concerns. <SEP> And I work for Texas Instruments. And they've started some recycling campaigns that a year before that had been turned down because they said it's not feasible. <SEP> It's not a good idea. And I see that as being a change for the positive. Kind of along the same line as the mandatory thing. But then they lost too much business. <SEP> It's just thing a part of everyone's consciousness. The thing about that is though it's got a. Because it was big in the early seventies and all that. And then it kind of just went out of vogue. And I'm worried that the same thing will happen. It's like environmentalism was really big for a couple of years. And then people. I'd rather spend fifty cents less on such and such. And even if it's not environmentally safe who cares. I'm sure the pendulum will swing the other way. There have been too many other things that it's done that for just in my life. And if you look at history at all you see that we go from one side to the other on just about any subject that one might care to bring up. <SEP> But it is comforting to me to see more concern about some of these things that cost us money. Especially when we have dwindling resources such as oil that's burning out of control in the Persian Gulf and so forth. Just every little bit does. It makes me feel better. It makes me feel like there may be something left for my children my nieces and nephews and so forth. Wouldn't. It's just probably a good thing that the oil's burning and may make some people realize that this stuff runs out. That's right because. Of course that's probably blasphemy for you to say coming from where you are in Texas. <SEP> Because if we. What was it when we had the last oil crisis? And we started getting smart. And we were looking all these alternative sources of the energy and so forth. And as soon as the oil prices came back down the pendulum swang the other way. <SEP> And we need those reminders. Or we'll suddenly be in the dark and say now we don't have the ability to go on to some new technology. My dad's in the solar energy business. So we're acutely aware of a lot of this. <SEP> But on the other hand he voted for George Bush. So I wonder sometimes if he knows what he's doing. I thi-. Just about anybody you could name whether I voted for them or not makes decisions that I just can't go along with. <SEP> But that's why they're there and not me. I don't want the stress. The thing with Bush.
sw3639.txt:Are you presently looking for a used car? As a matter of fact I just bought one. Just bought one. <SEP> Just within the last three weeks. S-. What did you get? I got a Lexus L S four hundred. Which is made by Toyota. Lexus. <SEP> Lexus is a Toyota subbrand. <SEP> It's kind of their. I was wondering where that came from. Because they're talking like it was an American built car. It sounds like it but it really isn't. <SEP> It's marketed of course it its own dealerships. Usually or somebody that's maybe got a Cadillac or Lincoln and Lexus dealership. <SEP> Sometimes they do that. But it's a brand car. But I've really liked it. It drives just wonderfully. And there is. It's so quiet almost can't tell the engine is running. That's their big selling point other than general luxury. But the particular seems to be the quiet ride. <SEP> It really is. It's got pretty good acceleration too. It's got a C D player in it. So I can play those. And. Was. That wasn't a standard feature was it? <SEP>. But there is not very many options on that car. <SEP> There is only about five or six options. Everything else is standard. You get the impression that. Some of the tracking control things and skidding control things for up north. The C D and the premium sound system. <SEP> Skidding control. You mean the antilock brake system? It's kind of a traction control. <SEP> It's not just antilock brake. I think that's already on most of them. But there is a further traction control. This is probably suspension tied into the brakes. <SEP> And also the suspension can be raised for driving in the ice and snow. It can raise the car's center up a little bit. For going under a lot of piled up stuff if you were up in Michigan or somewhere. <SEP> <SEP> Mississippi probably doesn't have to worry too much. Some of these muddy driveways could use it around here. Snow doesn't happen very often. <SEP> If it does people go what's this stuff. Originally I'm from West Virginia. We got a pretty fair amount of snow. You had some there. <SEP> But I got down here in June of eighty-four. And the first winter down here was probably the worst winter they'd seen in twenty years. And it was amazing how a few inches of snow would turn normally sane manly adult men into playful little children. I know. We had this group of surveyors come into a shop I was working in four or five of them these big old flame worn suburbans and the snow all over the place. They had just come in to get gas in their vehicles and get the oil checked. But while they were there they set back drank about four or five cups of coffee apiece and made snowmen on the hoods of their vehicles threw snowballs all over the place had themselves a ball for about an hour. <SEP> <SEP> The Lexus really. And the moon roof is also an option. Although most of them are ordered them with it. But there really is only about a half a dozen things. And everything else is pretty standard. <SEP> I did not get the traction control which when you take the traction control and the suspension thing it also puts heaters in the front seats too. So that's kind of. You go out and get in that real cold car. It's a package deal. <SEP> And you turn that on. And it kind of. But that's only available with the traction control and the other option. And those two are sold together. So you have to take a two thousand dollar option there to do it. <SEP> So I opted not for that. But And the dealership I dealt with they order them all with the moon roof and nice floor mats and everything in there. It doesn't sound real necessary in Texas. <SEP> I worked for Lincoln. So the only thing I had to decide on was whether I wanted a C D or not in the stereo system. And that was pretty much it. And they had like three or four basic packages that they offer. <SEP> Sounds like the Lincoln Mercury dealer I used to work for. They didn't order anything but the extra luxury version of whatever they got. Little Mercury Tracer. I've been o-. I've been. Imagine or not they make a luxury Mercury Tracer. <SEP> I've seen that in the dealership. I was driving a Lincoln a Mark Seven for the last four years before I traded it for this. And I'm leasing the Lexus. I usually lease them since I own a business. <SEP> I just run it through my business. But it. The Lincoln ride is certainly good too but this Lexus is nothing like I have ever been in before. It's just. Like sitting in your living room. <SEP> It really is. And it's got a lumbar support in the seats. Adjustable? Adjustable power. <SEP> And just kind of brings that support up in the sma-.
sw3382.txt:I guess I've always been kind of interested in space and stuff. I've read a lot of the astronomy books and stuff like that. <SEP>. <SEP> Have you been following the progress of the space health code? To a degree. I haven't kept up as much as I would like. I've just been so busy <SEP> I barely get a chance to read a newspaper now and then. So. I think it's pretty exciting that they can. It would be interesting to see if they can find other planets that will be more habitable to humans. And. I think I would be very interested in space travel in the future if it is at all possible. I wouldn't even mind being a pilot on one. <SEP> Or right now. But I'm probably getting a little too old for that. I know if they make the advances that they have been making that maybe age or even physical abilities may not be a barrier anymore. They just made leaps and jumps. I think a lot of our technology we have is quite a bit due to lot of the space travel equipment and stuff that. <SEP> I agree. As a matter of fact we're the ones that I have been to Houston to visit the space center out there. And one of the big advances that we use every day now is Velcro. And that vacuum little space program was one of the big backers of that. <SEP> It's amazing. You. It's hard to imagine what life was like without it now. I don't know if you ever watch Gallagher. He's one of the comedians. And he talks a lot on Velcro. <SEP> I've seen him before. What would we do without it? <SEP> We were talking about that just the other day. What did we do without it back then? I guess there was a lot of buttons and a lot of zippers and snaps. <SEP> There's a lot of little things that have come up. I know maybe some of the big things that. Concentrated foods for one maybe. I don't know. That's right. That's right. It's also just I've often pictured in my mind what would you find if you just kept on going? <SEP> That's true. I guess our minds are so. Finite. When we try and picture the universe as an infinite object and it's hard to see. <SEP>. I always thought what do you do hit a brick wall eventually. <SEP> It's hard to consider that something could go on indefinitely. That is something that would be hard to think about. I agree. Like you say we're used to finite things. And something that is infinite and just incomprehensible. But. <SEP> But. I would like to see them do more in that area to make space travel more something that the ordinary person can enjoy. I think it's in people's nature to be the first to do something. And I'd love to be the first one to step on a planet or some. <SEP> Me too. I wouldn't even mind not so much being first but just get out there and just explore. I think it's in everyone's nature to some degree to want to get out and explore something they haven't or experience something indifferent. <SEP> I think that's what made us progress to the state we are is our curiosity. Of course. That's true. There must be some better way of doing this. A better place to be or whatever. It's. <SEP> So you are always looking for something better. That's true. I know at work people always complain to me. You are always whining. And it's I'm always looking for something better. <SEP> There's a better way of doing it than what we are doing it. <SEP> That's right. That's right. And if you are just content with the way things are then you must lead a pretty dull life. Because if yo-. They are always finding easier ways. And just because they don't talk about it or something like that. <SEP> And they are doing it unconsciously. I guess you don't really think about it too much. I guess you are always finding newer ways and better ways of doing stuff. But yo-. It's a subconscious thing. Somewhere they can sit down and write down what things that you've improved upon. You probably wouldn't have a pretty good list. <SEP> But you just don't think about them. And that's true. I think. We've gotten different programs at work to make it visible to management that we are doing things better.
sw2792.txt:. Go ahead. What kind of books do you like to read? <SEP> I like all kinds of books. Mostly I like true life documentaries or real stories about real people and that kind of stuff or dramas in real life. <SEP> And I also like romantic novels. I like READERS DIGEST believe it or not. So do I. <SEP> I usually read that from cover to cover. I like it because there's a little bit of everything in it. <SEP> That kind of a thing. As far as real novels I haven't gotten into Shakespeare or any of that type of thing. I wish I had in some senses. But I don't have time really as much as I would like to get into that kind of thing. How about you? I like like you said real life. I like biographies of people's lives especially athletes. <SEP> For some reason it seems to interest me people that make a big comeback or Orel Hershiser things like that. <SEP> And I like to read books on improve like family marriage things that are written by Christian authors or doctors about family and how to improve your home and all that kind of thing. I like to re-. The magazines I. To rel-. I like to read. I read a lot of bicycling magazines. They're. I mainly look at the pictures and stuff. But they usually have some good articles in it. But I don't know. I haven't really found any romance type stuff I like to read. I'm more nonfiction. <SEP> I haven't found a lot of fiction books that I really like. But not to say I wouldn't. Eventually. What was the last book you read? <SEP> Let me think. It. I tell you I haven't read a book in a long time. And it. I can't even really remember. I think it was a romantic novel by Danielle Steel or one of those. Honestly. I don't do as much reading like I say as I would like to. <SEP> Working a lot of hours at work. And. And then of course we have a home. I know. <SEP> So it's. A lot time is spent doing things as far as the yard work or housework or that type of thing. I set a goal for myself to read a book a month this year which is about eleven more books than I would have read last year. But so far I've only read two books. And so I'm not doing very well. But. <SEP> But I do crafts too. So it's hard. If I have a minute that's what I do. I find it's real hard. I let newspapers stack up and magazines stack up if I don't really set aside a time to look or read them. <SEP> That's the. And that's like myself. I miss it because I really find it a very relaxing hobby too. I really do. And I don't know. It seems like you can get lost in a book. It's like an escape for me. <SEP> I don't know about you. It's. If I'm really interested in what I'm reading hours can go by. And I look up at the clock and say. <SEP> In fact I'd rather read sometimes than watch T V. I would too. Kind of train your mind. But I think you get out of the habit like you say. You have to kind of set yourself. <SEP> Have you ever read or heard of the book THIS PRESENT DARKNESS? That was one of the books I read this year. And it's really fast paced and intense. It is a fiction book. But it was ar-. It was one of the best I read. It was real good. And it was one of the few books that. It. Just hurry up and go through without putting down. <SEP> That's the other problem I have. If I start into something and I really enjoy what I'm reading then I have a terrible time getting away from it too. I'll stay up until two or three o'clock in the morning because I'm so engrossed in it. And then before you know it it's time to get up and go to work. That type of thing. <SEP> That's why. I don't know. I'm kind of a nut when it comes to stuff like that. Even if I'm doing something like an afghan if I'm close to the end sometimes I'll do the same thing. I don't know what you would call it. Maybe I have a problem. I'm sure it's fast or something. <SEP> It's terrible. I really like books that you can get into. And that's that. I know what you mean. I like reading late at night right before I go to bed sometimes. I just sleep better or something. You do. You kind of get relaxed. That's true. But. <SEP> I have a lot of craft books that I have too and magazines. I like PEOPLE those things that are about real people. And I like to read about people who made a success of their lives. <SEP> What book have you read that is along those lines that was really good? To give you specific titles I can't. <SEP> How about who. Like I say haven't done it in such a long time. Do you know who it was about? <SEP> I went to uh seminar on. It was by American business. And some of the people. What the heck was his name. I'm trying to think. He's one of the. Paroe. And it was more like. It was tapes and things that they had about him too. How he started out as just a salesman and now he's multimillionaire and that type of thing. And how you have to be aggressive and really want something for yourself and that type of stuff. It's up to you whatever happens in your life. <SEP> It's not up. It's not someone else. You have to do it. And I find that fascinating that people can do that kind of thing. Just make up their minds that that's it. Have this one direction. And then do it. <SEP> Do it. I can't. I'm not that focused on something. I'm off in all directions. <SEP> And I'm not a planner which I wish I was. Kind of off the wall. If someone says do you want to do this tonight and I got a mountain of things to do it's okay we do it. That's all right. <SEP> I know. I know. But I wish I was more the other way. You're more fun though. You're not ridged? I. That's. I like it that way though. I don't want to change that part of me. That's good. <SEP> That's funny. Even though I admire someone who isn't like I am and I wish I could be more that way. But. There may be some schools you could read about and learn. <SEP> That's true. That's true. How many people do you supervise? About twenty. That's not bad. <SEP> That's not bad at all. Do you like your job? Sometimes. <SEP> Sometimes more than others. But. I do. That's important. I've been there about three years. <SEP> Do you have a family? I just got married last year. And most of my family's in Indiana. So I've only been in Texas three years. <SEP> Do you like it? I do. I love the weather down here. I loved Abilene too. That's what I liked too is the weather. I know. <SEP> Except for tornados. They have storms here. I've. They do. And it's so surprising how it just happens. Hail and thunder and. <SEP> Unpredictable. Were you here during the hailstorm two years ago? <SEP> I've been up here about three. We were down there from eighty-five to eighty-six. Ei-. Part of eighty-four to eighty-six I should say. I had thirty-three hundred dollars damage done on my car. A lot of people had their cars totaled just from hail. I think State Farm went bankrupt. Just about. <SEP> But. I know the whole situation is bad up here. We're having a terrible time with the recession. <SEP> It's not good at all. I know things are pretty booming down there. I heard they sold Johnson City though. And Colorado Springs. <SEP> And Colorado Springs? I talked to a guy on the phone on this the other day. And he was telling me about it. They just sold it. <SEP> Amazing. Closed up and moved down to McKinney. That's good. At least they kept the business part of it. <SEP> It's scary though I'm telling you. I know. I don't know. And the other part of this thing was how do you feel that this influences family. How do I feel what? <SEP> That books influence. Do you know how to use them in your life or to influence. I feel like it's important for young children to read too. And what you read to them. <SEP> When my children were younger of course. They were all married and grown. And I have grandchildren now. They were. I read to them a lot. That's good. And I think they've all developed kind of an interest in reading also. That's re-. <SEP> I'm not saying they read all the right things. But they do read. Where a lot of people don't have any interest in it at all. And I think it's important. Because even today where people are so illiterate and they go off to school and really nothing happens they don't learn anything. It's because they can't read. It's really surprising how many people graduate from high school that I work with. <SEP> And people. I get memos all the time across my desk. And things are misspelled. And It's pretty sad. It's unbelievable. <SEP> Isn't it? A lot of people that work for me that can't even spell or read. <SEP> Exactly. And I think that that's why reading is so important. Because I think even mentally when you can do some.
sw2012.txt:The first thing for me is I see a couple of different ways of talking about what privacy is if an invasion of privacy is something that disturbs your private state. That's one thing. And if privacy is something that comes into your private state and extracts information from it finds something out about you that's another. And the first type of privacy seemed invaded to me and very much everyday in this country. But in the second time at least overtly where someone comes in and finds out information about you that should be private does not seem obviously everyday. I think I agree with that. I think in a good example on the typical thing that happens when the phone rang. And it's T I calling. My immediate reaction is that it's some sort of strange phone message. And then I realize this is something I solicited. That's right. <SEP> So my immediate reaction was one of that sense of invasion. But after that I realized I really wanted this. And it was sort of exciting. And so that was almost an example of an invasion that turns out to be not invasive. It turned out to be an invitation. <SEP> And at the same time I think that I receive on the order of probably seven or eight a week calls of the nature where one wishes that there were a convenient way to just hang up on it. From personal parties or from these phone commercial things. Commercial solicitations primarily. <SEP> That's a remarkable number. I get them rarely. And I'm still astounded that one they let anyone do them and two that they have any effect in this whatsoever. Because I'm usually so insulted by them I just hang up as soon as I recognize what they are. I think they prey on people's inherent politeness on the phone even with the machine. I find people being kind of polite and waiting for it to finish what it has to say. And then they feel an obligation to respond even though there's not even a person there. <SEP> And I think that's what makes one feel invaded is the fact that there seems to be little control. And one's feeling obligated because of some sense of the way the ritual is played out. <SEP> And that then ends up being the most common example for me. I guess I'm not typically feeling invaded in my privacy relative to this one that you raised. <SEP> And I don't think I would have thought about that. I think that's a good idea on your part. I don't typically feel intruded on on the sense of finding out information. Presumably those who find out such information if they are doing it I would prefer not to be known. And the classic C I A conspiracy theories or whatever would have such parties trying to do it without your knowledge. So there's things that invade that second type of privacy where you do know about them and possibly things that invade that second type of privacy without you knowing about it. And I can't talk about the second one other than to generate paranoia. It's a surmise. And I'd like to think that it's quite low at least in this country. To surmise. It is there. I don't think the K G B is monitoring my phone or anything like that. <SEP> I guess although that's a good point where you said that how does one define what invasion of privacy is because if that's the case of a tree falling in the forest. And I'm not feeling invaded then maybe my privacy hasn't been because I have no sense of my privacy state having been invaded. <SEP> If you're defining it in terms of information gone even if it's something you don't know about it then I guess one could assume one was invaded. But I don't feel invaded by it. <SEP> I don't have a sense of threat in general from those sorts of things. I'm not sure why. I guess it comes from a sense of fact or facts. And if someone finds out something about me that is true I don't have a sense of loss from that. You must have a relatively clean conscience then. <SEP> The other side of that might be if someone found out something or surmised something that weren't true then I would feel probably more invaded in the gossipy sort of sense. More harmed or something. Bec-. Because you don't have anyway to turn it off. <SEP> Tho-. Did you hear about this Lotus data base that was being put together? I did. I was just about to write a letter when I heard they canceled it. That would be an example where my sense of threat would be high because I would find that there be a good possibly that their facts were fantasy. <SEP> And then I would feel not only invaded in the sense that someone had obtained information that I would rather they didn't. And that might be the sense of the spending pattern for instance that I would have thought to be private. But then if it turns out to generate incorrect things that's even worse. Or if my call rate of eight or so a week went up even higher because someone had. <SEP> They had you pegged. <SEP> And the person who had takes unsolicited phones calls and pays money. And then all of a sudden you get your thirty a week because now they're advertising you. <SEP>. And one of the problems with the Lotus data base was that it was uncontrolled access to who would have that information. They said they would give it out to only select companies. Just like software is only given out to customers. You can't believe that. It would be pirated. And they wouldn't bother to check that carefully anyway to someone who's offering full cash price for it. <SEP> You can't tell it what a company really has to do with it. And there's something rather ominous about having virtually anyone any hacker being able to know what your income is what your spending habits are. And that hacker just has to get in touch with the sneak thief. And suddenly what started as an invasion of privacy can be an invasion of your actual home. And I guess that turns out to be the basic problem with any invasion of privacy is whether or not you're feeling threatened as a result of it. <SEP> So maybe that is a little bit of what privacy is. I also thought about it waiting to talk to you that another thing that occurred to me is there is not so much invasion of my privacy because I know how to behave such that there isn't. But I realized I have to behave in a certain way in order to not have people invade my privacy. If I deviate from social norms of behavior if I run up and down the street yelling or something someone's going to invade my privacy very quickly. <SEP> And I realize that I can take that for granted. But I used to live in India. And things are quite different there in terms of that. There's less of a sense of privacy. In fact it's said that no Indian language has a word for privacy. Certainly the language I know doesn't but just says a word for loneliness. That's interesting. Loneliness is the closest you can come which is really quite different. <SEP> But no concept for wanting to be private. It's generally being alone is not a very desirable state at least officially. So there's not. Doors don't have latches on them. People don't tend to knock. You just. If there's a door closed and you open it because it's in your way. People walk in out. And as a westerner in India I was often surprised and felt my sense of privacy there was quite invaded. <SEP> That would be culturally shocking. It very much is. But on the other hand I realized I could go out on the street and act like a complete lunatic. <SEP> And people would leave me alone. Whereas in this country where everyone respects the closed doors very much if you go out and then act like the lunatic you violate the norms of public behavior. People start paying attention to you very much. And they start asking questions and in the sense are invading your privacy although if you know what the social norms are quote unquote you asked for it. But it does mean that you have yet another reason to follow a set of social norms. <SEP> Which isn't always the case in all cultures. And it wasn't until I was thinking about it just now that I realized that's actually something that's culturally relative. That is true. I haven't thought about that. And that it's fascinating to think a lot of someone who doesn't know how to say private. And that's really. I wonder how people have sex and things like that. <SEP> They a-. You go to India. And the results of sex are quite obvious as the population goes up an extra hundred million every few years. But I just don't quite. There's hope I actually for al-. Of the time I've spent there I still don't quite understand how certain things that I assume require privacy and require not just that you be alone but actually that you have a sense of privacy. Because anyone can be alone for some period of time. But for me a lot of what I do requires a sense that there's this invisible barrier around me which people will respect. <SEP> And if that's gone I really don't know how to live very well. And I really do wonder how people do that. That's interesting. Are there any other specific things where you feel your privacy to be invaded on a day-to-day basis or either on a growing frequency? All the other classic examples the Jehovah's Witness or Mormons or someone knocking at the front door which is more intrusive because I have to really tell someone to go away. And there's that sense of I have now opened my door they now see what I look like what I live like. And they're doing something that normally I really only invite people to. <SEP> Because any friend anyone I give my number to is welcome to call me. But no one is just welcome to come by my house. So that is more of a sense of invasion. So that's another example of the invasion because of the not so.
sw3245.txt:I'm ready. So we're going to talk about what kind of clothes we wear while we work. <SEP> Do you work for T I? I work at home. You do. You're like me then. I stay home also. Do you have children? <SEP> I have two a seven year old and three and a half year old. That's good. How about you? I have four girls. <SEP> They're nine and five and three and a newborn. You are busy. <SEP> And they're all girls. I have two girls. So all girls around here. Girls are nice aren't they? Really sweet. As far as clothing goes my wardrobe changes all the time depending on my size. <SEP> That's how I am too. We go from regular kind of spring clothes regular kind of fall clothes pregnant clothes clothes that are in between where you're not down to regular size yet or you're on your way up from regular size. <SEP> <SEP> That's funny. And they're all in boxes or bags. And they all rotate all the time kind of the same stuff all the time though. <SEP> I don't get a whole lot new right now. <SEP> I know that's kind of how I am. I said who ever I talk to is going to be board because when it's summer time I'm wearing shorts. And when it's cold I'm wearing sweat pants unless I'm going to something special that my daughter's doing or something like that. I like jeans a lot. <SEP> That's good. I used to wear jeans all the time until after I had kids. And now nothing seems to be comfortable because I bulge in all the wrong places. So. And it's frustrating. I find I have to get the right kinds though or it's not comfortable. They. It works best if they have pleats in the front. <SEP> And they have to. My waist is kind of small compared to the hips. So it has to be not the straight up and down levis kind. I know what you mean. But I. I was pregnant through the summer this time and I wore dresses all the time because it was so much cooler and so much more comfortable not to have something binding on your waist. <SEP>. <SEP>. <SEP> That's right. But. One of my daughters was born in June. And I remember I wore sundresses and just those real cool dresses almost the entire time. <SEP> And I had one that was born in December. So it was a little bit because it was a real warm winter. So even into November and December I was still wearing the short sleeve dresses. Course I'm always hot when I'm pregnant too. So. <SEP> I didn't really need warm clothes. But I really have been spoiled by sweat pants and these new units outfits that are just knit. I haven't tried those. They are so comfortable. <SEP> It's just a light weight kind of like a sweat suit but made out of that real light polyester stuff. And it's just great because you can decorate them up or dress them up if you want. <SEP> Or you can just wear them with tennis shoes if you want. So they're really nice. And I've enjoyed wearing those. But I. I don't know if they expected us to talk about blazers and such here. But I sure never wear them. <SEP> I don't either. If we had professional jobs where we go into an office and have to wear a jacket or something that would make a big difference. I worked part time when my oldest was a baby. <SEP> And I had to wear a dress every day. And it was a little bit hard to wind down. I'm watching Janice. I would have to drive six thirty five home. And I would be burning up in the summer time. <SEP> By the time I got home I was I've got to get out of these clothes. I remember that from when I was. I worked way before I was married even. But offices they keep them so cold in the summer that you can't wear regular summer clothes and be comfortable. <SEP>. You've got to have something to add to it or something. <SEP>. I don't know if you can. <SEP> And then when you drive home especially if you're in a lot of traffic which you are in Dallas. You burn up. <SEP> Because I always hated to run my air conditioner just sitting still all the time. I was afraid I'd make the car overheat. It's hard on the car. <SEP> So I would roll my windows down. It was still a hundred degrees. And I would just be sweltering hot by the time I picked my daughter up. And I had a friend who used to take shorts to work. <SEP> And after work she'd go in the bathroom and change her clothes. That's funny. And I thought that's probably a good idea because you really. <SEP> At least something cooler. Because you can ruin your good clothes getting so hot in them especially if it's something that has to be dry cleaned which I don't have any of. That's true. <SEP> I don't have to worry a whole lot about that. When you have children you don't. Even when I go to church I have to have something I can just throw in the washer when I'm through. That's right. Something that it doesn't matter if it gets spit up on too. <SEP> That's right or if you get it dirty or whatever. I know it. I've always been a creature of comfort too. Me too. If it's not comfortable forget it. <SEP> I know. That's how I am too. Wool was never comfortable to me. Me neither. I have.
sw3458.txt:You ready? Is that it? That's it. <SEP> I guess we have to talk about magazines. And what. What kind do you subscribe to or do you? I did subscribe to PEOPLE for a long time. I do. I enjoy PEOPLE. And now I subscribe to LADIES HOME JOURNAL. I take a computer magazine. And also BETTER HOMES AND GARDENS. <SEP> Are you interested in computers? And my pet peeve with magazines is all the little cards inside. And the cardboard pages. <SEP> <SEP> That would be one of my peeves. My pet peeves with magazines the woman's magazines especially. It's really geared to. All they have. You have too many recipes first of all. I just don't. That's what I don't like about LADIES HOME JOURNAL magazines. Too many recipes too many can this marriage with saved nonsense. I like to read articles about things that matter. Of course PEOPLE magazine is not one of your more intellectual magazines. But it's nice light reading. If I want something intellectual I usually read a book. That's true. I like it when they have short stories. REDBOOK used to always have a good short story in it. <SEP> That's true. They did. And I haven't bought a REDBOOK in a while. So I guess. I really very rarely ever pick up a magazine anymore. <SEP> Is REDBOOK still in existence? I don't know if they're around anymore. I think it is. Surely. It's an institution. Surely it would have to be. But. <SEP> I'll tell you the only reason I subscribe to the JOURNAL is because of. Which I think it was either. It was Publisher's Clearinghouse. They told me if I didn't subscribe they were going to take me off their list. So. Mine too. This was it my last chance. <SEP> My last chance to win ten million dollars. So I figured look. For twelve dollars. I went ahead and sent in my subscription because of that to ENTERTAINMENT. <SEP> That's it. And I was real disappointed with it. <SEP> I don't know. It just. Not enough stories with some substance that you can really get into. It's little short articles more than anything else. <SEP> And that's one thing I don't like about PEOPLE. It doesn't seem to have enough story to it. I don't know. I just think It's light reading. If you've only got a short time to read. <SEP> You don't have to concentrate. That's true. It's entertaining. And that's. I enjoy it. I. That ENTERTAINMENT is very. Isn't it similar to the TV GUIDE? Not really. Not the one I take now. It's a magazine. And it goes into all the movies previewing the movies that are going to be released or behind the scenes. <SEP> I see. And I'm a real movie buff. So that's why I thought I might be interested in it. But it just hasn't been what I thought it would be. <SEP> And the reason I get the HOME JOURNAL and the computer book is because mother got a subscription for it and sent it to me. Otherwise if I really want to take the time to read a magazine and I see one on the grocery shelf I'll pick it up then. Rather than having them delivered and think I really need to read this. <SEP> I'll tell you since I've been getting the JOURNAL maybe I'll read two maybe three. If I read three articles in one of the JOURNALs I figure I did really well. <SEP> Because there's just nothing in there that interests me. I'm not into recipes. And. I do like recipes and crafts. And I'm not into crafts. So that eliminates three quarters of the magazine. <SEP> That's true. I just got the new issue. They have Bette Midler on the cover. So that should be one article that I'll read anyway. Do you.
sw3850.txt:. What are your favorite shows? I like watching COLOMBO and MATLOCK and QUANTUM LEAP. <SEP>. QUANTUM LEAP? <SEP> Did you see it the other night? That was pretty good. That one was. What about. <SEP> What do you. With the psychic and everything? I like NORTHERN EXPOSURE and HOME IMPROVEMENT. I haven't seen either of those. <SEP> You've never seen NORTHERN EXPOSURE? It's a great show. I also like to watch STAR TREK. But it's on so late here that I don't always get to see it. <SEP> We like it too. Have you seen the movie? I haven't seen any of the movies because I just barely just in the last year or so got interested in it. And they're already out with number six by now. So I haven't seen any of the movies yet. But I. You haven't seen any of them. <SEP> They're good. They're real good. They're getting rid of the old cast for the movies though. Which ones are you watching the new ones? I've seen quite a few of the older ones. I haven't seen really the new generation that much. <SEP>. Is there one you prefer better the older one or the newer one? They're a lot different. But I like the older ones because at that time they were really futuristic. <SEP> And I guess the newer ones are real futuristic too. But I like both of them. I do too. I have a brother-in-law who really likes the old ones a lot. He almost hates the new ones. Because he thinks the newer ones is like a soap opera and the other one isn't or something. But I don't. <SEP> Not really. It's not really like a soap opera. I think. <SEP> But it's. But that's true. You learn more about the characters and stuff. But that's the way all shows are now. Let's see. I like to watch COLOMBO because it's like a mystery thing. That's sort of how Matlock is. But COLOMBO is way tricky. <SEP> He doesn't even try to let the person know he's getting onto them. It seems like they always show COLOMBO the same ones over and over though like that one where he goes to college. Did you see the one. <SEP> Or is there a series on. There's one on. We see it Thursdays at seven. And it was. <SEP> This last time it was about this movie director. Did you hap-. I saw that one. Did you see that? <SEP> That was a rerun. I guess I nev-. I wondered if that's. <SEP> I don't know if that's the movie of the week or what. But it seems like there's only about four or five different ones. And then they keep showing them over and over. I guess I haven't seen it before. He was a movie director. And he had that gal killed. <SEP> On the set or something. That was pretty good though. It was. But. I like COLOMBO probably the best of any of those mystery things. <SEP> But there's never anything good on Saturdays though. No kidding. I don't think so. STAR TREK'S on at five. But I'm never home. So. <SEP> What is it that. There's something I watch on Saturdays. And I can't remember what it is. I used to watch TWIN PEAKS. You never saw that? I've heard of it a lot. I've heard of. A lot of people somehow or something. They'll say so and so from TWIN PEAKS or something. <SEP> That was a different soap opera. But it was a different type of show. <SEP> I didn't like the way it ended though. Did they end the whole series? <SEP> They only did it for two years. But it's all over now. Another show I like to watch is MASH.
sw2383.txt:In a normal route of way we do things how about the ladies go first? I have a four year old who will just be entering public school next year. So I'm really just starting to get involved in what's out there and how they do things. As far as the system as a whole I really don't see a problem with it. I do see a problem with graduating people that can't read and are not productive in society or productive to themselves. And I think that's the main problem at this point. How about yourself? I live in Plano Texas. And today we're not even suppose to be in school because the way the taxation and all that crap is there really legally isn't any funding for the school systems in Texas today. <SEP>. When you take professionals and put them in situations they have to make decisions based on money to fund public education. And they can't get their finger out of their ear long enough to get that major subject in line. Something's wrong. So I think here in Texas mainly that they're not serious. They're more serious about what the salary should be for senators than they are for how the level of education should be for children. I have a one year old. So I'm more opinionated about the observations than the true facts. But it's just a shame to me that our firemen our policemen and school teachers are the three least paid utilities that have the biggest impact to our well-being. <SEP> That's true. I have a real issue with that. I think that if from every year when they pull in the test that the last three years ten eleven twelve graders take. And then you see that their education is below the norm throughout of all fifty states. They're not saying that something's wrong with the educational system here in Texas. I have a real concern about that. As a matter of fact I'm very content to spend my daughter out of state to college in Virginia verses having her go down here and not learn anything. <SEP> So I think there's a big concern. Hopefully the new secretary of education will do something to fix the problem. But I don't know. They've got to quit worrying about the religious overtones in our textbooks and get on with teaching the product. I think they get bogged down in a lot of small issues that special interest groups can blow up and not really get down to teaching what's important. <SEP> Teaching these kids really the basics is what it comes down to. I was astonished to find out that across the United States in all public schools it is not mandatory for them to take phys ed. Is that right? The kids nowadays don't even know what the president's fitness education program is all about. <SEP> They don't have to do sit-ups and push-ups and all that crap we had to do when we were going to school. I remember. And. And I talked to a thirteen year old last night who goes to one of the Plano high schools or junior highs. And she said that she had a choice. She could either have taken tennis or weight lifting. So she choice to take weight lifting over the regular gym. <SEP> Give me a break. The kids sit there. And they drink cokes and eat popcorn for lunch. And then go out there and lift weights and don't learn anything. And talk. I have a real problem with the whole system. <SEP> They need to put some sternness back into the teachers and let them be able to get the old whip out and get some discipline. Then it comes down to what you said before though about them being some of the lowest paid public service employees that there are. <SEP> I used to date a girl who taught English at ninth grade level. And yet they're so important. <SEP> I was absolutely flabbergasted at what she was paid. She was young. But still it's the principle. Of course if she got her Master's degree it would all be different. But. <SEP> It's hard though because then you start talking taxes. And that's a bad word. Taxes Lord forbid taxes. If we would plan our expressways a little better that ten dollars for the bridges and the roads we'd cut that in half and get some teachers we might have us a problem. <SEP> There's an idea. Maybe I should run for office? Run on that then no income taxes in Texas? That's true. <SEP> I'm in Texas too. So. That's funny. That's funny. That's about all I have here. Me too. I think we both agree there's some problems there. But we'll maybe do our small part to fix them up. Ma'am. <SEP> I've enjoyed it. You too. <SEP>
sw3399.txt:I guess social change takes in a big category. But I guess the one aspect of it that I took in consideration is more economical. I know that or how far your dollar goes probably more than anything has greatly changed. <SEP> I agree. I know they did a. It was on a talk show. They took the parents and then the son. And they compared income at different points in time when the father was a little bit younger and more in his heyday. And they compared to the son's that he was making now. And even though the son was probably more successful higher up in the management ladder he was actually making less money when you go by costs of living. <SEP>. <SEP> And it's depending on where you live though too. I know just with me ten years ago I was comparing the. I think I was living better ten years ago than I am now even though I'm making more money now. But my dollar went a lot farther. That's true. Ten years ago I was eleven. I remember though buying candy and stuff that was a lot less expensive than it is now. And gas. <SEP> And I used to hear stories from my Grandpa. And he could see a movie for a nickel and things like that. I know gas prices have definitely jumped from. I know I used to pay twenty-five cents a gallon. And now it's over a buck. I don't know what it's by you. Around here Minnesota Wisconsin area it's dropping. But I think it's about a dollar fifteen on an average. <SEP> I'm from Wisconsin. That's unu-. Most of the people I talk to are Texas. So. I spoke to a person from Texas too. <SEP> This is only my second phone call. So I'm waiting for mine. I suppose this will be towards my last one pretty soon. So they'll stop me. <SEP> But I'm pretty much out to the things to say. Like social changes. <SEP> And I don't think this would have anything to do with it. But clothing and styles lot of those changed. I don't think they consider. Like I say it's a broad category. It's just I'm not economical. But even attitudes on clothing and stuff I know. <SEP>. <SEP> Towards each other. I know a lot of the things that men wear nowadays would have been considered feminine many years ago. But. I know it was hard for me at first. But now I kind of like a lot of the bright colors. <SEP> I used to be more conservative and just your basic colors. But now I do like some of these brighter fluorescent colors. But styles come and go all the time though. It's just ridiculous fads in and out. And even clothing from the sixties came back. <SEP> I see a lot of girls wearing sixties clothes. I guess the best thing I like to see from the sixties and seventies of course is the mini skirt of course. One of the nice things. But. I don't think that there's anything as original. It's all based on one of the past styles. They just make their circle and come back again. <SEP> So if you hang onto your clothes long enough they'll be back in style in a few years. <SEP> That's true. Maybe some day I probably won't be alive to see it. But prices might go down lot more. I don't know though. Doesn't look good. Thinking back I think the only style I hope doesn't come back is bell bottoms. <SEP> I remember that. I do. I guess when I look at pictures of myself in the bell bottoms I say God. I didn't really care for them either. But now I.
sw2587.txt:Go ahead. I usually don't get to hear any of the current events probably until about the ten o'clock news. <SEP> Being. By the time you get off work go by and pick up the baby from the baby sitter it's after six. And by the time everything is settled in. It's ten o'clock before I can catch up on anything. I guess that's the way I am too. Sometimes I hear some things on the radio. I only get the newspaper on the weekends. So. <SEP> I don't even have time to read the newspaper except in passing. I'll look over my husband's shoulder and see what's going on. I guess occasionally I'll hear someone at work say something though. <SEP> But. We have a news thing on the computer that I'll try to look at every day. <SEP> And it's pretty much headline news. Which isn't pretty much what we look for anyway. <SEP> But. Do you think that the quality of the news events that you get are. What do you think about it? I guess it's pretty good. And the Dallas area. And I guess when you're in a big metropolitan area like this. There's a lot of pressure in that business to borderline at that. <SEP> There's a lot of competition in the media. <SEP> And sometimes I think it too much trying to figure out who's going to get the best headlines. And that they'll run a topic into the ground. And. They try to play public's opinion. Which I think is awful because it usually works. I'll bet that was the case of the war in the Middle East. <SEP> That. Lots of new newsmen were created during that. So it will be interesting to see what happens. Trying to think what else. Is current. <SEP> I don't know what to say. <SEP> That's a bad one. They. Looks like we're going to have an income tax in Texas. I hate to see that. But if what it's going to take. We can deduct that from our federal income tax. <SEP> But we need good schools. We're more involved in that now. And I think it's better for everybody if we had better schools. That's true. I would think they could find a better way to fund it though. But they haven't for. <SEP> I wish they could have gotten a lottery. They're struggling with it. I think the lottery could have helped with that. It wouldn't have been as painful as what we would've paid in state income tax. Probably would have paid the same amount. But it's not the idea of your paying income tax. <SEP> I'm not sure there's a positive solution for that. It'll be interesting to see what happens. Trying to think what else is current. <SEP> I haven't seen the news in a couple of days. So it. I'm a little behind on things. The other thing I can think of is what is still going on in Iraq and the Kurd refugees. That's sad. <SEP> They had to choose between the better of the two bad situations. And I don't know what I would have done in the situation. It begins to make you wonder why we didn't go ahead and go on in and finish the job while we were in there. <SEP>. But I understand why Bush doesn't want to go in and take sides. Because that would definitely look like another Korea. <SEP> And he'd have all these people jumping down his back even though I'd agree with it. I think he should've gone in there and blew them away. Seems to have helped him though popularity wise. It did a lot. <SEP> He did a real good job I believe. I have in-laws that live in Saudi Arabia that stayed there during all of it too. It. So we kept very much abreast of what was going on. Were they in any of the areas where some of the Scuds? <SEP> They were near Dahran. On the east coast. <SEP>. <SEP> They were just north of it. Probably about a hundred miles from the Kuwaiti border. And they stayed active was the military there. Taking supplies out to them in the desert. <SEP> It was a new situation. I'll bet. I don't really have much more to say. I don't know anything else that's current other than the weather. And. <SEP> You're right. And that's awful in Texas. Have you all been getting rain storms down there? We got some awful rain the other morning. And today's just been real drizzly. We did last night. Some real massive thunderstorms. <SEP> Apparently I don't know if it was just the strong winds or some small tornadoes up this way too. Caused some damage. <SEP> It did? We may get some more tonight. We've just got slight chances of rain. But we had the hard thunderstorms the other morning. Course while everybody was getting ready to go to work. Making nice traffic jams. So. The ground here is so flat. And it's all saturated now. <SEP> We're getting some flooding. Last week we had all the rain? But. I think we had about eight inches. <SEP> It was between six and eight inches here where we are. And you walk out on the ground. It's awful. It's just so soggy. It's a lot more humid down that way. <SEP> In fact miserable. Today the air was just so sticky so damp. I think there were places around downtown Fort Worth last night they got three inches in a real short period of time like an hour or so just a bunch. <SEP> I guess that's it. It's. That's about as much as we can do with current events. <SEP> It was nice talking to you. Good talking to you Michelle.
sw3576.txt:Let's see. My husband does the majority of the gardening taking care of the lawn and fertilizing. But I tend to all the planting the annuals and the spraying and taking care of them and maybe putting flowers in throughout that season and later on maybe planting some mums and that kind of stuff and any kind of decorating for the holidays. I'll fix the porch up with pumpkins for Halloween and Christmas. But basically he does all the heavy stuff. And I do all the fun stuff. <SEP> We have it just opposite here. My wife works. And she's sedentary all day long so when she gets home she likes to mow. I see. <SEP> And we have about ten acres. And she tries to mow about half of it. That's a big job. <SEP> It keeps. It's doing real well. Because when we got this place the dirt was just overgrazed. It was bare dirt in a lot of places. <SEP> And now since we've been mowing it. And of course we water a little bit. That's just too much to water all at once. But just by keeping it mowed and getting it mulched in we've reclaimed a lot of it. I bet it's beautiful. <SEP> But we don't do much in the way of flowers. We have one little flower garden that we work with. The rest of it is just wild flowers. Wild flowers. <SEP> And in the summertime we get the prettiest yellow flowers. They're about a third the size of palm of your hand. <SEP> And course in the spring we get the bluebonnets and Indian paintbrush. That sounds lovely. The wild flowers are beautiful. I was thinking about throwing some in the back just way in the back behind the swing sets. Or just have some wild flowers growing back there would be real pretty. Then you don't really have to have much maintenance involved. <SEP> My wife and I really enjoy that sort of thing. She enjoys mowing. I can't believe it. I know a lot of. <SEP> I hate it. A lot of women do. I've just never really. Maybe one of these days I'll have to get out there and mow. But my husband takes it on. And I'll help rake up the grass. And sometimes I'll help him edge. Because we don't have that much property. But we're on a corner lot. So there's a lot of edging to do. And that's what's nice about living more in the country. You don't have to worry about any of that. <SEP> We don't even have any concrete or asphalt. That's nice. I. This is different for us because the other. In the past we've had homes that haven't had any side walks. And it's been a little more country with the trees. And we do miss that. If we had a chance to move I think we'd move back to somewhere that was a little more countrified and a little less maintenance required as far as that goes. <SEP> <SEP> But we do everything together. This spring we got a thousand pine trees from the. Actually this fall I was talking about. Two weeks ago we got a thousand pine trees from the soil and conservation people. <SEP> And we're in the process of planting. That's. <SEP> And we're building a stand just to the north of our house and along the east property line. And I think what we're trying to do is create sort of a wind break because in the winter time when that wind comes out of the north it just cuts right through you like you're not even there. <SEP> So. I put. <SEP> On the other side of the house though that's where we have all the delicate flowers and the mums. And we have morning glory. And we have trumpet vine and moon flowers. And we planted those out by the septic so that they get plenty of water. <SEP> And we get hummingbirds come in the spring all summer long. That sounds so pretty. <SEP> And when we leave the doors open they fly in the house. They don't do any damage though. They just fly right back out if you have the. <SEP> They don't like it in here because there's nothing to eat. I see. And when you're as busy as one of those babies you've got to eat most of the time. I see. <SEP> And we got a few. We put up some hummingbird feeders and some bird feeders. But for the most part gardening for us is. We got asparagus. And we've got some plum trees and some apple trees and some tomato and some blackberries and strawberries. <SEP> We get the best strawberries that you just can't believe. That sounds wonderful. We just got our last tomatoes. I love home grown tomatos. <SEP> There's nothing like them. They just don't have the same ones in the supermarket. These are accidental tomatos. What does that mean accidental tomatoes? <SEP> Last year the birds came and ate a few of the tomatoes. Of course you're going to lose some that way. And the seeds go right through them. I see. <SEP> And wherever they pooped.
sw2442.txt:. Are you on an exercise program now. Or. I exercise pretty regularly. <SEP> I lift weights quite a bit. I run occasionally. Let's see what else do I do. Play golf some. And I work out on a hanging bag. I'm brown belt in karate. So I keep up with that a little bit. <SEP>. How about you. <SEP> The only exercise program I'm doing right now is walking. I've got a nine month old. And I'm four months pregnant with my second. And so at the time walking seems to be the best. It's something I can do with her plus doesn't tax me too physically. <SEP> I have enjoyed aerobics in the past. And I enjoy that because I like the group association like exercising with other people. And that's my favorite way to exercise. That's neat. I do walk some too. My wife's about five months along. <SEP> So she's been walking quite a bit. So that is a good exercise for that. It's nice to do it together too I guess. <SEP> My husband and I use to walk together. But our schedules don't coincide as well as they used to. And so we very seldom get together to walk. But when you work out do you pretty much do it on your own schedule. Or do you go to groups. Or. I do it on my own schedule. We used to try and belong to clubs or the Y stuff like that. But it was so difficult to go on a regular basis to drive the distance you have to go. <SEP> Save the fees. We've just save the fees and buy some of our own equipment. So. And then you can do it whenever you want I guess. I've got a weight bench. And we got my wife an exercise bike. And I use that sometimes too. <SEP> It's a little more convenient. But I guess you're not as dedicated if you don't drive over to do it. I guess it depends on the person depends on how motivated you are. <SEP> Because my husband used to work out three days a week at the Texas Instruments gym. And then I would just go on Saturdays. But since the first of the year neither one of us have been going. <SEP> So I guess like I say we've been paying these fees and not going. So it's kind of a waste of money if you don't take advantage of it. I think you really have to be disciplined. I try to work out at least a couple of times a week. And I think you really have to at least twice a week just to maintain the shape that you're in. <SEP> With the walking I think they said you need to walk at least twelve miles a week for it to be aerobically beneficial. And I have two friends that we walk. They have babies that are about the same ages as mine. And we've been walking every morning. When it was cold we would go to the mall because you can't take the babies out very easily. <SEP> So when we go we do about fifteen miles a week. But the last little while for one reason or another we haven't been real consistent. So it's a little harder when you're depending on other people to do it with you because you have to meet their schedules as well. But I enjoy doing it more when I've got other people with me. <SEP> I usually do it because I know it's good for me not because I don't feel obligated to do it. I enjoy it. If I feel too obligated to do it. I start to rebel. And I won't be as consistent with it. I understand. Did you exercise between your first child and your second? I exercised pretty well up until I was pregnant. And I started having pains. So I've calmed down everything except I was working out doing aerobic exercises as well as the walking. <SEP> And I had to stop the aerobics because it was just kind of painful. But the T I rec center has an aerobics program for prenatal and postnatal aerobic type thing. And I was going to wait until about my sixth month and then start that. I did that with the second baby. And I went to my exercise class one day. And then she was delivered the next day. <SEP> So it would seem to be real beneficial. Maybe it speeded up the process and all that. I think it made parts of it a lot easier. And is this your first that you're having? <SEP> Then I don't know how much you've been through it. But I think parts of it made a lot easier. And I've talked to a lot of ladies that exercise with one pregnancy and didn't with the other. And they said that the one they had exercised with was three or four times easier. And I had. Having both of them natural the first one was natural and going natural the second. And it's rough. But it's not as bad as I thought it would be. And I think the exercise helped. That's good. <SEP> So do you work with T I? I don't. My wife has been working with them. Then she could go if she were interested. <SEP> I think that's the class that meets on Saturday mornings. So she could find out if she wanted to go. It's kind of fun because with the first pregnancy all the other ladies except one were on their first pregnancy. And they would talk about exercise and just general things relating to the birthing process. And so for us it was educational as well as exercise beneficial. So. At least it's something you enjoy. I know a lot of people that talk about exercise and say I don't want to exercise it's too much work. But there's a lot of different things you can do that are enjoyable that you don't have to strain yourself or sweat or be real sore afterwards. That's right. <SEP> And sometimes if you get a little soreness you feel like I've done a good job because I worked myself to that point. But I guess that you don't want to overdo. But have we reached our limit? I'm not sure how long we've been talking. But. I think we've talked about six minutes or so. It's been good talking to you. Been good talking to you as well. <SEP> I hope your baby comes out well. Yours too. <SEP>.
sw3596.txt:About the weather. Very appropriate I guess. You ready for this? <SEP> John. Just a moment. Guess what. We get to talk about the weather. The weather this time of year has actually been kind of unusual. I haven't expected it to be colder until. Like we've gotten the last couple of days. I don't know. I fly for a living. And I've. The weather's been terribly unusual every where I've been. <SEP> You do. So you probably go everywhere and have all sorts of weather. <SEP> I imagine it's kind of an experience also trying to land and take off in the weather. It was around here last night. I'll tell you that. Actually I've heard on the news that we will be setting a record here in the State of Texas for the large amounts of rain and moisture we've had this year that it's going to break all kind of records that were set back since nineteen thirty-two. No kidding. <SEP> So. If it keeps on raining like this. And I understand it's supposed to rain until Saturday night. Saturday or Sunday they were saying. <SEP> I know the systems have been real strong out. I went through Phoenix twice on Wednesday morning. And approaches to low minimum both times. <SEP> And Phoenix never gets that kind of weather. So. And so are you an airline pilot? I am. <SEP> For Southwest. For Southwest. Fantastic. I have a brother that's a pilot also with American. Is that right? <SEP> I imagine with all this kind of weather it makes it kind of dangerous for you. I wouldn't call it danger. This really isn't bad stuff to fly around in. This is much better than dealing with the thunderstorms in the Springtime. I guess so. The air systems are reasonably calm. The turbulence have a little bit of chop. <SEP> But it's not like it is in the spring time. We moved actually down here from another location. And it's spectacular the thunderstorms and rain storms you get in the spring time the torrents of rain. Spectacular is the right word for them. <SEP> Pardon me? Spectacular is a good word for them. I've never seen a thunder show like I've seen down here before in Texas. It's amazing. <SEP> Lights up the whole sky and even on a. Actually I've seen it where there's not a cloud in the sky. It's a cloudless night. And the rain isn't falling. But you can see the lightening going horizontally across the sky and back and forth and what a light show. <SEP> It's fabulous. Cloud to cloud it can be really sensational here. That's true. Where are you from originally? <SEP> I'm from northern Utah. And that's a very arid climate from Salt Lake City area. And there's always a lot of snow. In fact where I grew up we were about an hour's drive from seven to twelve different major ski resorts. And so there was an awful lot of snow. <SEP> And because it was an arid climate the snow was always a crisp powder light snow which made it fantastic for skiing and sleigh riding and everything else. <SEP> So we had a great time. Were you near the Park Cities area. In Snowbird and Solitude and Brighton and all those areas. Beautiful area. <SEP> <SEP> I imagine have you skied before? We've skied. I have not skied that area. I've driven through it several times. We skied California a bunch when we lived out there. And of course we grew up in Minnesota. <SEP> And we do lot of cross country skiing there. <SEP> Do you think the weather is typical for this time of the year? Not really. I. Minnesota's gotten just hammered with snow. We've gotten a fair amount of rain for this time of year already I think. <SEP>. And I've been surprised that we haven't seen more of the temperatures that we've got today that moved in last night. <SEP> It's been cold. There was a time though in the middle part of November that got really cool really really unseasonably cool. It did. <SEP> And then it warmed right back up. And I thought great. And that's a fun th-. My wife was just listening here. And she said yeah. It froze in fact. It was real cold. But that was very unseasonable for us down here. <SEP> But I've really enjoyed the weather down here too. Because two years ago we were the day after Christmas able to go out in shorts and play tennis in the nice sunny weather. And it's not as severe as the weather that I've experienced up in northern Utah. That's real true. Same with us from Minnesota. It's. In fact I've played golf on New Year's Day one year. <SEP> Down here? Not in Minnesota. <SEP> I have a brother-in-law that lives in Minnesota. And they say six months out of the year it's bitter cold and the wind and the blowing snow and everything. It is. It is. And they've had. Usually in Minnesota they get their snow in January and February. <SEP> And they're up over sixty-five or sixty-.
sw2260.txt:Let's see. I think. I guess if I call I'm supposed to start. I think that's the way everybody has done it so far. But anyway I think that we are paying a lot in taxes. But I think that we have a government and we have a lot of freedoms and we have a lot of things that the governments do with our money. We're probably one of the only countries in the world that has all the things that we have. The. As far as the quality of the streets the school systems the hospital stuff that the government gives money to. All the things that the government does like that. I think they need to manage it a little bit better. But I don't think anybody is just going to come in and fix it in a couple of weeks because they've been messing it up for many years now. So. <SEP> I have to agree that. And you're right. We do have a good government. We do have a lot of things that the taxes are there to support. But I do think they're mismanaged. And I think that sometimes it's to easy of an answer. It seems to say I'll tax them if you can't get enough money instead of trying to figure out how to cut budgets or cut spending or get all of the waste out of the spending. <SEP> I don't know what y'all are paying in Dallas. But it seems like we pay the state. There's. The taxes set by the state and the city can add theirs. And the county adds theirs. And we're paying almost eight percent sales tax right now. Which seems to me nuts. I came from California. And when I left there we paid six cents on the dollar. And that was one of the highest in the nation. I think it's seven here. Seven point something. <SEP> Ourselves is seven point seven five. Whole state. <SEP> It drives me crazy. I'm thinking everybody is sitting here screaming about we don't want a state income tax. But yet they allow the sales tax to go up and up and up and up. And they don't do anything about it. Where are you at? What state? <SEP> I'm in Lubbock Texas. There's. We're still one of few that don't have the state tax. <SEP> That's true. And I did pay state tax in California. But. That. The sales tax is just getting outrageous to pay. That's true. You don't sound like you're from Dallas. Where do you come from originally. Texas? I do. I've lived in the Dallas area here since I was four. <SEP>. It's an urban area I guess. Whatever. I don't know. You just managed to escape the real Texan accent. <SEP> I thought maybe you had come from somewhere else and had some experience with taxes there. I've just lived here. But I don't know. I do. I can think of all the biblical things about it too. What did they say to. I can't think of the scripture. Render unto Caesar's what is Caesar's. <SEP> That's right. Even in the story where they had to pay the taxes the disciples and Jesus said the money in the fisher inside the fish. And I thought of those two things when I was holding for a long time. <SEP> Were you really trying to find someone at home? <SEP> Back then what they tried to do. The would always try to stump Jesus try to give him something that would contradict himself. And so that's what they were trying to do with the tax situation. And of course that's when he said you render unto Caesar's what is Caesar's. You render unto God what is God's. <SEP> And of course there. I don't think they really cared about the answer. They just wanted to try and catch him in something. <SEP> But I believe in paying taxes. And. Like everybody else I try to take as many deductions as I can. I don't want to pay more than I have to. <SEP> And I get outraged when I feel like they go up for useless reasons. But I believe that they're necessary. I really do. Are. <SEP> Do you deal with taxes much in what you do when you work. Or. Not really. I spends a lot of time with our income tax though. Especially this year and last year. I have been married for just a few years. So I've had to really switch around from the E Z form to the. Schedule A. <SEP> All the deductions and all that. Did you notice that when they passed the new simplified tax act it seemed like it made everything harder? It really did. <SEP> I saw that too. I didn't notice anything simplified about it except that they took away the deductions the interest and other things. <SEP> We're looking at buying a house. <SEP> And that was one of the main pluses that we have about buying a house. And it will help tremendously. <SEP> We bought ours five years ago. And it's. The one thing. It seems like you make those payments every month. And at the end of the year you've paid all interest and no principles. So that will definitely help in taxes and what you will get back. There's a thing I just. I've been trying to learn as much as I can about it. If you pay. I know I get paid twice a month every two weeks. <SEP> That's once a month. I get twenty six paychecks which would come out to be in thirteen months. <SEP> That's right. So if you pay your rent or your house payment every two weeks Instead of once a month you'll come out paying one month extra every year. <SEP> That's right. And if have you a thirty year note it will take seven or plus years off of your note. That's right. My parents bought a home in San Diego about four or five years ago. <SEP> And they did that. They thought their payment was automatically taken out every other Wednesday. And that's exactly right. Everyone. Though the note is thirty years she said it's going be paid off in twenty or twenty one years or something like that. <SEP> Just because of exactly what you said. <SEP> You're making one more month's payment every year. And that's going on the principle. It doesn't pay any interest. Or usually it doesn't. <SEP> So That's a good way to do it. <SEP> And when we bought this house we looked at doing a fifteen year note because it added more to the payment but not significant amounts. It was a good payoff for being able to pay it off sooner. That's what we're looking at fifteen or maybe twenty. <SEP> We're not going to go longer than twenty. But we're taking our time. We're going to try to make our decision by July. <SEP> That's good though. We just started two or three weeks ago. And we're not going to just kill ourselves. Just two or three houses a week at the most. <SEP> That's good though. Is it kind of a buyer's market down there? <SEP> That's good. Credit union has nine percent interest. That's pretty excellent. So that's. I don't know. We couldn't think of a better time to buy than now. <SEP> That's good. But anyway. I can't think of a whole lot more to say. I can't either. I appreciate the call though. Me too. <SEP> I enjoyed talking to you. Same here. My wife she went to the school out there in Lubbock. In Lubbock? She was there for two or three years before we got married. I guess before I even met her. <SEP> Just a second. Go ahead. But anyway. <SEP> So she was at school out here? She went to school there. What was her name? Cathy Walker. <SEP> I didn't know any Walkers. Good luck in your house hunting. Thanks a lot. Y'all work at T I? <SEP> I do. You do. I'm in human resources. <SEP> That's interesting. I work in the waiver. Do you really. Because that's. I work with Elma. <SEP>. And I used to work. I did all of their capital and financial planning for about eight years. <SEP> And then I have been in Human Resources for the last two years. And I work with those same people all those nine years. So I feel kind of part of the staff. I'm turning in a capital request right now. <SEP> You are. That's funny that's where you're from. What are trying to get? A machine that puts back grind tape on and off the waivers. <SEP>. So you work in back grind? I'm sort of an acting process engineer. Not officially. But that's pretty much what I do. <SEP> That's what you do. And do you? And. <SEP> Good deal. What did you think of Sam? I like him. He's hard. But we needed that. That's good. He's. <SEP> He was very good for Lubbock when he came to. It was the same kind of thing. He had a lot of good results. That's what he said here. He's gotten us into a linear flow that we've never been in before. <SEP> That's been a real big plus. He's broadened the devices that we're making too which has made us as lot more stable. <SEP> That's good. Anyway it was nice to talk to you. <SEP> You too. And. They're are going to interrupt us any minute now. I can tell. I know they will. And besides my daughter wants me to put her to bed. Me too. <SEP> Have a good day. You too.
sw3108.txt:What movies have you seen recently Valerie? Let's see. The last one we saw was THELMA AND LOUISE. We haven't seen that one yet. <SEP> Don't bother. It wasn't that good. From a woman's point of view it was very chauvinistic as far as women go. It was entertaining. But. I don't think the general audience would go for it. The most recent one that my wife and I have seen was the CITY SLICKER. <SEP> How was that? That was excellent. It was just a really funny movie. That is one I've been dying to see. At the same time it had a story line about people trying to find themselves. There were parts that were sad. It just ran the gamut of emotion. <SEP> And. But it was just all around entertaining. How long did that movie run? It's still on to the best of my knowledge. <SEP> But time wise how long. Was it two hour. Or. I think it's less than two hours. <SEP>. We rented one recently that seemed to go on forever. That always seems to happen when you rent them. But this one it was fairly long. I'm guessing probably an hour and forty-five minutes maybe. <SEP> And it. But excellent acting by Billy Crystal and Bruno Kirby. Was it good. <SEP> Who was the. Jack Palance had an excellent part in there as the old cowboy. So we really enjoyed that. <SEP> I'm looking forward to seeing that one. That was next on our list. So. I think that I can highly recommend that movie to see. Good deal. <SEP> Good deal. Do you rent movies very often. Or. We generally rent a couple a week. In order to get a decent movie to have on a weekend you've got to rent it on Thursday. <SEP> They get taken up at the store. That's exactly right. So. <SEP> We will rent two or three movies on Thursday. And with luck you'll have one or two that are good. Most of them are a coin flip. <SEP>. And we usually have we don't get out as much as we like. We have two children. So we occasionally get out to the movies. But it's a fun thing to do to get out and be entertained for once. <SEP> Quite frequently we have our grandchildren on the weekends. And we'll try to rent something that they can see as well as something else that we can see. And generally try to stay in the at least P G range. <SEP> What ages are they? Have you found trouble finding movies for them. Or. <SEP> The oldest is nine. The youngest is three. He doesn't really pay attention. The five year old doesn't have the attention span either. <SEP> But the nine year old will watch anything that's on T V. <SEP> They have been doing that. We've been waiting for a good movie out this summer for the kids to see. The last one they saw was HOME ALONE. And they enjoyed that. But I missed that one. My husband took the kids to see that one. So. My wife took the kids to see that one. But we can generally find something at the store for them to watch. <SEP> That's a good deal. The. We saw this movie. PRESUMED INNOCENT was the one we rented last weekend. Let me think if I have rented that one. <SEP> Harrison Ford. Harrison Ford and how does the story line go? He is a prosecuting attorney. And a woman prosecutor in there is murdered. <SEP> We haven't seen that one. And he's trying to find it. But course it's one of these with a twist where it looks like he's the one that wound up killing her. And it's an extremely long movie. It's over two hours long. <SEP> Which. My wife she likes the suspense movies. I enjoy them to a degree. <SEP> I think that's the one I wanted to pick up the other day. And then my husband wasn't going to be able to watch it with me. So I thought I better save that one for another day. Save that for another day. Because I think he'd like that one. <SEP> You enjoyed that one then. It's something I think you would enjoy. That's a good one to put on the list. It's like most suspense movies. What was. It was on T V recently FATAL ATTRACTION. <SEP> It's one that once you've seen it once you really can't see it again. You know all the story and who did what and when it happened. <SEP> So once you seen one that's a suspenseful type movie like that then it's not good for a second watching particularly. <SEP> At least I don't think so. I don't think too many of them are anymore. It's a shame. But. I don't know. We've watched WEEKEND AT BERNIE'S any number of times. <SEP> I know. It's just slapstick comedy. Sit there and laugh. And my one grandson and I. My wife can't understand it. But we like BILL AND TED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE which is another funny one. <SEP> We've heard about that one. But we haven't seen that one either. So it sounds like you and your grandson like the same kinds of movies. We like to laugh. <SEP> I have a theory. I like movies for entertainment. I don't want to go away depressed from watching a movie. <SEP> I agree. I agree. Life's depressing enough. <SEP> That's for sure. I've certainly enjoyed talking with you. You too Jim. <SEP> Thanks for punching in. And. Have a nice weekend. I hope you see a good movie soon. <SEP>.
sw3097.txt:Pat. One of the interesting things that I have considered about the role change for women is that women of my generation were trained and taught and brought up to be the LEAVE IT TO BEAVER housewives. <SEP> But we are not living in that world. We are certainly not. Our families have changed. Families. Society has changed. <SEP> Everything has changed. That's one of the. And it makes you really concerned. I am glad I raised guys. <SEP> Let the world train them what to do. But characteristically the women have been in the past trained in the home. And I really would be at a loss to raise and train a girl. I think I would. It's. Even raising boys today is different though because they are expected to do so much more than they used to. <SEP>. Used to be they would just go off to work and come home. And everything was done. And it's a different world. It's some good some bad. <SEP>. It's nice that there's a choice. <SEP> I have chosen to stay at home and raise my children. <SEP> And I have a ten year old and a twelve year old. And I was a single parent for awhile and worked. <SEP> And that was great. And I was able to provide for my children. And that was wonderful. <SEP> But I thank God everyday now that I have that choice. And that I am able to do things at home. And I volunteer a whole lot. <SEP> And that's my job right now. And I love it. <SEP> I really love it. I did very much the same thing until my boys got into high school and said Mom please do not be involved. <SEP> Then I went back to work. And that will come. I know that day will come. <SEP> And I am looking forward to that too. But that's a different phase in my life. <SEP> And I am glad that I am able to do what I want to do right now. There's a lot of things that have happened actually. And it's like oil on top of water. It changes. But it's never different in a lot of ways. <SEP> Women at one time did very heavy physical labor and were expected to maintain a household. <SEP> Then as times changed as it is today we do not do a lot of physical labor even in housekeeping and homemaking. <SEP> <SEP> There's not a lot of physical labor because there are. You are not beating rugs. <SEP> You are not doing laundry by hand and that kind of thing. <SEP> And in that respect we have to make ourselves become involved in physical exertion. Or we really do develop some health problems. <SEP> So in that respect I am not so sure that the hard work of years past was not better for us than we are willing to admit. And. But don't you think it's that way with men too? Men are sitting behind desks a whole lot more than they used to. <SEP> Absolutely true. That's true with society in general. <SEP> But specifically the woman's role in society has changed. And medical reports tell us that women are developing diseases now that used to be predominately male diseases. <SEP> Heart disease was characteristic of men. Now there's almost equally predominant in women. <SEP> And I. And stress disorders and things like that. <SEP>. And I think that that's a symptom of our society. It's a symptom that there's a general illness that needs to be healed. <SEP> I do not know what the healing process would be or what was causing the problem. I am not God. <SEP> But I do know that in raising my boys I really did meet a lot of pressures saying you need to get them into music lessons. You need to get them into sports. You need to get them into this. They need to be busy. And they need to be active. And I fought all of those things. I said if those boys want to be involved in that they will come to me. And they will say Mom this is important to me. I want to do it. <SEP> Otherwise I will guard their ability to have quiet time. It's funny. I refused to cram their lives full. It's funny. It's funny. I was really looking forward to summer thinking we are going to have some time off. <SEP> And that's the way it is with a woman too. And it's been real busy. And actually today is really as far as I am concerned the first day of summer. Because we have had so much going on the past few weeks. <SEP>. And you are right. <SEP> That's how society has changed. The family has changed. We find ourselves doing things that we never did as kids. <SEP> I do not remember being involved in things like this. <SEP> It's different. <SEP> It's just. I do not know. Only time will tell whether it's better or worse than the way we grew up. But it's just very different. <SEP> Of course. <SEP> I just am very much a believer in quiet personal time. If you do not have the time to talk to yourself who are you going to talk to. And I guarded my children's rights for that. And I think that that's one of the things that women are sacrificing that they should not do. <SEP> They are sacrificing their time with themselves. There's nothing wrong with sitting and being bored if you thinking internally and you are working on your own self. <SEP>. <SEP> You are finding out who you are. But is not that difficult to do when you are working full time and have to come home and prepare a meal and get homework done. I think. And where do you find the time. <SEP> In the first place it's not your homework. It's your children's homework. And I was always very careful to be there only when they came to me and asked me for help. <SEP> I helped them with exactly what they asked for. And that's all. That's a part of the problem that women have always had. And that is accepting responsibility for things that really are other people's responsibilities. That's very true. <SEP> They. And then that way we have not changed in hundreds of years have we. <SEP> That's right. That way husbands are crippled. <SEP> They are intellectual cripples. And so are children. <SEP> They do not know how to think for themselves and be responsible for themselves. I do not know why God made women brilliant. I. Didn't he though. <SEP> But I do not know. They tend to look at the mother as the one who solves all problems. They are all things to all people. That's very true. And that's never changed. That's very true. As a matter of fact I was talking to a friend yesterday who said she has a new policy in her home. And when her family comes to her and says fix this. I am having a problem with another member of the family. <SEP>. She said I have taken a new stance. And I say no. I will not. <SEP> You work it out for yourself. And it's amazing she said. <SEP> Every single person in this family expects me to get. And they suck me into these arguments and these conversations. That's right. And I am supposed to be the one who is going to fix it all and soothe everybody. And she said I am not doing it anymore. I just. <SEP> I think that's one of the things that we have today that is very useful. And I think every woman ought to deal with it or ought to at least be exposed to it. And that is mediation training. We are not talking about strikes or things. We are talking about mediators who get involved in family crises parents and children husbands and wives boss and employee. Those kinds of things. Interpersonal mediation. <SEP>. <SEP> Because the mediator is an unbiased bystander who.
sw2479.txt:Do you have. Are you there? <SEP> There. Had to mess with my phone here. Do you have children? <SEP> I have one. How about you? I have three. <SEP>. Do you work? I do. <SEP> I do. I work. And Brian's in a day care center. He was two in December. So he's not quite two and a half yet. <SEP> He. I put him. I'm kind of had different ideas from what probably the majority of people have. I put him in a day care center from the very beginning. He started in day care when he was eight weeks old. <SEP> And I just. I don't know. I have kind of the opposite opinion of most people. I have had this real problem with a private individual. I kind of looked at it like if you take him to a home with private individual when the door shuts that one person has total control. <SEP> And I always figured at least in a day care center there are other people around. <SEP> And if you get one bad apple there's are at least other people that can see it. They can watch. And I just kind of always felt that the chances of something happening were less. <SEP> Because there's. How can you help depending on the day care center. <SEP> You got to when you hear about all the horrible things that happen in day care centers. Have you ever noticed they're always a family owned center where the mother and the daughter and the son run it kind of thing. It's a family thing. You never hear about it really in the big ones. <SEP> So that's what I did. And I have had just excellent luck. I have been just so happy. He's. I was just going to ask you if you liked the. But obviously you do or you wouldn't have him there I know. But. <SEP>. He was in the same center for the first two years. And it was wonderful. And I loved it. And I was so happy there. And the woman who owned it sold it. <SEP> But I thought I'm going to keep an open mind here. And the people who came in it just wasn't the same. Wasn't the same. <SEP> And their attitude and philosophy was just completely opposite from mine. <SEP> And I left him there for about a month and just decided I can't do this anymore. And I moved him which was an extremely traumatic experience. But he's done well. Was it? <SEP> He's been there a couple of months now. And I just feel so lucky. <SEP> That's great. That's good. How about you? Do you work. Or do you get to stay home with them? I got to stay home with my kids for the first ten years. My oldest one is ten and a half now or she's. <SEP> It's. Was about ten years. So I was really happy that I was able to do that. But I. That's what I wanted to because I just couldn't wait to have kids. And so if. I was so anxious to have them. And I couldn't wait to have them it would be kind of silly to go back to work as soon as I had them. So. So it was really great. By the end of the ten years I was really ready to go back to work. <SEP> I bet. And my youngest was only two and a half. She was already two and a half. <SEP> So she wasn't an infant. A baby. <SEP>. So I felt real good about that. But I tell you with summer coming up I'm just pulling my hair out in terms of what I'm going to do. I guess I went back to work about a year and a half ago. And I worked full time all last year. And now I'm going to school part time and graduate school. And I'm working part time. And so I'm still. <SEP> I know how that goes. I'm still going full time. But I only have half time salary. And when school lets out I have no idea what I'm going to do because I certainly can't afford what we did last year which was. <SEP> <SEP> Did you have them in a center or something last summer? We did. We had all different things. We sent them to camp. One. First month in June they went to summer school then the second month they. One. My daughter went home to visit my Mom for a while and my son went to camp. And there we had some. Forget what else we did. But it was all really expensive. <SEP> That stuff is expensive. It really is. So they're a year older. And I. My daughter's going to be eleven this summer. And my son will be nine and a half. <SEP> And so I'm not. I think I can leave them home. <SEP> For a. If I can work part of the day I'm going to leave them home. I was going to say they're getting to the age where you should be able to trust that a little bit. <SEP>. In fact I'm doing that right now with their afternoons when they get home before I do. That's okay. But the four year old I have had her before I went back to work really in a home day care situation. <SEP> And we've just been really thrilled with it too. We were what. Actually we. It took us two or three different people to find. <SEP> To find the right one. That's what we have to do though. But I wasn't embarrassed to shop around. <SEP> So the person we found it through the. There's an association here in town of professional home care providers or something like that. <SEP> Where do you live? In Plano. Plano? And they have a number you can call. And all these people are registered with their association. And go our. <SEP> Care provider. Care provider. She goes to seminars. And. <SEP> That's wonderful. She gets home visitations by the state boards some of them and then some by the association. And they have weekly meetings and everything. And so it's just really really well regulated. That's great. And she's just great. In fact she's all upset because Galen is going to go to kindergarten next fall. And she says this is it. I'm not going to have her anymore. And I said don't count on that. <SEP> After noon classes she's going to be here because she's going to morning kindergarten. But we've tried everything. And one year when I went back to work I had. My son was eight at the time just barely eight. And we put him in Amrein's Day Care. After. <SEP> I've heard that they were very good. That's why we picked it because they were supposed to be real great. And I think they were fine. But the thing is he was in school all day in second grade. <SEP> In Plano it's open classroom situation where they don't have walls. So there is a hundred and twenty second graders in the same area with no walls. <SEP> And then he'd get on the Amrein's Bus to go to Amrein's. And then there would be a whole ton of other kids all in the same room. You know what fun they had with these computer games. And then they'd go outside for awhile. They had snacks and story time and everything. But it was just like going to school until five thirty at night instead of being able to get home at two thirty. <SEP> Poor kid was in school all day. Because he was always around with a crowd of kids and he just really missed being able to be by himself and having some peace and quiet. <SEP> Or. Even at that age they need that time. <SEP> We all need that time just some quiet time to wind down from the day. That's exactly it. So another thing that we tried to do. We tried to sign him up for after school scouts and stuff like that. <SEP> And. I think that's really important. <SEP> And we've already started about. How young can they start T-Ball and soccer? I just. We both think of that as just so important to get him involved in stuff like that. It is. <SEP> And you could hardly wait. It is. And. He's so much fun now. <SEP> He's really starting to get lots of fun. And I can't wait until stuff like that starts happening. I bet. And we did the Easter egg hunts which was really the first year he was really able to. <SEP> Understand. And to know what he was doing and enjoy it. <SEP> And it was so much fun. And he went a couple of weekends ago and rode an elephant. And he got up on this elephant all by himself. You're kidding. And I couldn't believe it. You're kidding. <SEP> They had so much fun. That's great. I bought us tickets and stood there in line. And I thought I'm going to end up on this elephant with him. <SEP> He did it by himself. Good for him. So stuff like that is starting to come along where it's really getting fun. <SEP>. <SEP> Day care has just done just incredible stuff with him. And he comes home with something new everyday. And so I know they're working with him. That's great. That's so good. And he's excited to get there in the morning and just doesn't even want to kiss me good-bye. <SEP> It's just bye. And he goes running. He's out of there. And he's always having fun when I pick him up. So. This day care is. <SEP> It's Bright Steps in Lewisville. And. Whenever you say Bright Steps everybody goes I've heard that's the best day care in town. <SEP> And it's one of those that's very hard to get into. And this woman owns three day cares two in Lewisville and one in Irving. <SEP> And she had to open the second one up in Lewisville because her waiting list was just a year old. It was ridiculous. <SEP> And she's got two day cares within three blocks of each other. So it's. She knows something right that she. And. <SEP> She knows what she's doing. About half the teachers are degreed teachers. That makes such a difference. It makes a huge difference. That's the way it is at my daughter's nursery school too. <SEP> And I think that really makes a difference. They're in it because it's a profession not because it's a job they could get because they didn't qualify for anything else. <SEP> That's right. That's right. That's right. And his old day care as much as I loved it. <SEP> And the owner I really liked her. And she worked really hard to get good people. But the people that she got were there because they weren't qualified to do anything else. <SEP> And I got lucky. And all of his teachers were very good. Because. <SEP> Sometimes that's fine. That's great. But then sometimes. Sometimes it isn't. You just have to. <SEP> Is it real expensive then? It just went up the first of this month. I'm paying seventy nine dollars a week for now. <SEP> So. It's a little high. <SEP> But it's like where he was before I was only paying sixty three. So there's quite a little jump there. But I looked all over Lewisville. I looked in every day care there was in Lewisville. <SEP> And there were places that were cheaper. But is it. <SEP> Your peace of mind is worth a little bit of money. And I have peace of mind where he is. <SEP> And some of those other places I wouldn't have. That's exactly it. We do the same thing. Since Galen goes to nursery school we pay for our day care provider full time for a whole week. <SEP> But she's gone three mornings. Galen just doesn't go there three mornings a week. But I said to her I said it doesn't matter if for whatever re-. When school holidays come around I used to have such a problem with that. <SEP> They wouldn't have anything to do. I'd either have to.
sw2266.txt:. Ladies first. I don't find a lot of time to watch T V. And a lot of time I find it during the day when I'm rocking my little girl to sleep. So I watch a lot of reruns old shows Like DICK VAN DYKE all those old crazy shows. <SEP> Barney Fife I guess. I really enjoy watching ANDY GRIFFITH. Some-. So you're a homemaker? <SEP> I guess that's the right term nowadays. I guess so. I am. I stay home with two kids. My wife. We have a new one in the house. And she stays home too also. <SEP> I guess I have a wide variety. I like watching the T V for things that are interesting. Not so much the things that aren't. For example the COSBY SHOW to me is just kind of a waste of my time and DIFFERENT STROKES. But I like SIXTY MINUTES PRIME TIME LIVE. <SEP> Of course I have to watch cartoons on Saturday morning but not the NINJA TURTLES. I like the old-timey ones TOM AND JERRY. <SEP> You sound like my husband. There you go. He likes TOM AND JERRY and BUGS BUNNY AND ALL HIS FRIENDS. And all those guys. <SEP> JOHNNIE QUEST. The good ones. If I'm ever home during the day on a vacation day I have to catch at twelve o'clock the ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW because he's one of my idles. <SEP>. But I don't know. It seems like nowadays everything is so electronic magnified and animated that you can grab from the old style movies and old style shows a little bit more insight to family groupings. <SEP>. And so now I do with the COSBY SHOW. I have seen it a couple of times. And I do. I like the show. I just don't watch it. Because of the timing. <SEP> But some of the crap that's on T V nowadays it's about. I do watch the special shows that they come out with the NOVA stuff. And the nature shows. <SEP>. But I think there's enough out there to pick from. I'm not. We don't have cable to the point of the H B O or any of that stuff. <SEP>. But. I find myself watching just a whole lot of whatever is geared for children. Because with two kids. <SEP> And I don't want them watching something that I don't think they should watch. Or I used to be really hooked on ALL MY CHILDREN. Me. <SEP> And I watched that for ten or fifteen straight years. And then I'd eat. At work we'd have a T V or whatever. And then as my kids got older and started recognizing what was going on I thought this isn't really very good. <SEP> So I gave it up. Fifteen years. Bet they hated that. <SEP> I had watched it since it started. So. Now I don't know who the characters are. And I'll turn it on every once in awhile. And I don't recognize anybody. So I guess that's a good sign. I used to watch. I can recall. This might date me here. I can remember staying home when I was five and six and my mother watching the EDGE OF NIGHT. <SEP>. You're probably about the same age as me because my mom watched the SECRET STORM and the EDGE OF NIGHT. SECRET STORM. <SEP> I think they were back to back and black and white. <SEP> I was just a youngster. And I was. We used to. My mother watched all that stuff too. And. I think AS THE WORLD TURNS may still on or not. Still be on. <SEP> It was not too long ago. Now they got a lot of other crap involved. And so. You're right. I think some of the tones of the daily prime time is questionable. <SEP> And that could be. I have to agree with you. Keep them on the channel twenty one. The nature stuff. <SEP>. We do. And it's real interesting too the difference in my kids. My oldest loved SESAME STREET And those kind of shows. <SEP> My younger one doesn't. She's more into WALT DISNEY kind. We watch a lot of movies that we've got on tapes and stuff. She's more into the animated stuff where my other daughter liked puppets and that kind of thing. But we do a lot of kid watching. <SEP> Sounds like you got your hands full there. And I do appreciate speaking with you. It was fun. Have you gotten your catalog yet? <SEP> I don't think so. I just spoke with Jim. I just got my in the mail. And it inspired me to make more phone calls. I don't really. I've had a few people call me. But I've never made one. <SEP> I need to get brave. Give them your pen number. That's what I need to do. Have a good day. <SEP>.
sw2913.txt:What movies do you like? I like just about anything. I think the last one we saw was TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES PART TWO. I like the turtles. My little boy's four. And he loves them. <SEP> We don't have any kids. But we like them anyway. That's okay. How old are you all? We're late twenties. And you just don't have any yet. <SEP> I've got two. My little girl is three months old. And my little boy just turned four. I had his birthday party yesterday. <SEP> But he's a turtle fanatic. He even had turtle cake yesterday. But I've been wanting to see TURTLE TWO. Is it as good as they say it is? <SEP> It was. It was actually better than the first one I thought. What's the last movie you saw? GHOST. <SEP> When the topic came up I was asking my husband right quick what's the last movies we saw. He said GHOST and TURTLES. I really liked it. GHOST. I love tearjerker movies. But that wasn't too bad on tearjerker. But it was good movie. Not too awful bad. Though I can see why it won so many Oscars. <SEP> Because that was just so good. And I like Demi Moore. Did you see PRETTY WOMAN? But I've been hearing a lot about it. We don't get to the video store very often. And we don't have cable. <SEP> We don't really want cable. It's just glued to the T V all the time anyway. So we get two channels down here. I'm from Kentucky originally. <SEP> And we used to get five channels without cable. Forty. I don't think you all have the same channels. But here in Texas we only get two channels. And that's. Do you watch soap operas? <SEP> Once in a while when I'm home. You work then? We get the channel with YOUNG AND THE RESTLESS on it. <SEP> And then I think GENERAL HOSPITAL. And that comes on different channel. It does. But that's all we get. And that's no cartoons for my little boy. But we've got a V C R and a lot of tapes. <SEP> And my husband is a movie fanatic. I think you would really like PRETTY WOMAN. It was really a. It made you feel really good. It was just a happy movie. What about TOTAL RECALL. Have you seen that. <SEP> I saw that one. That's good. I was disappointed in it just because of how violent it was. It was violent. I try to get away from that. My little boy he loves ROBO COP. And that movie I'll fast forward it every time they come to the part where there is. Have you seen it? <SEP> The part where they're shooting mercy. I don't like that. That's horrible. That is horrible. And the language on that's filthy. <SEP> I don't see why they have to do that. Everybody knows that the language is there so they could just ignore it and use different words instead I think. <SEP> I know. But I think lately PRETTY WOMAN'S been my favorite. I went and bought the video. I've probably seen it about fifteen or twenty times. My husband bought me PRETTY IN PINK for my birthday. With a. Wait a second. I will in a minute Kyle. <SEP> That's okay. He bought me PRETTY IN PINK. Just a second. You're glad you ain't got a four year old. That's okay. I haven't seen PRETTY IN PINK. This is the first time he's interrupted my phone calls. <SEP> Does that have Molly Ringwald? Molly Ringwald. It was cute. But it wasn't. I like SIXTEEN CANDLES or sixteenth birthday or. <SEP> I think SIXTEEN CANDLES was the name of it. That was so good. Of course I was a teenager when I seen that. And I loved it. I haven't seen it either. If you like love stories it's sweet. <SEP> I do. It's sweet. It really is. And that's a tearjerker. It gets you. It makes you feel really sorry for her. But it's hilarious too especially with that little guy in it. He looks like a little boy next door. <SEP> But he's sixteen. It's a cute movie. I can't remember his name. He kind of looks like DOOGIE HOWSER. I don't know. Don't know either. <SEP> Bu-. He's got curly blonde hair. He just a little freckly little boy. Probably know him if I saw him. If I could remember the name I know you'd know his name because he's played in a few movies. But. <SEP> I was just thinking another good one I saw not too long ago was SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY. I've heard about that. But I can't remember it. That's Julia Roberts' new movie. Julia Roberts is good. <SEP> She's. This one. You know PRETTY WOMAN was kind of a light comedy and a romance. And this one was a lot more dramatic. Wasn't it a murder mystery? <SEP> Y-. Sort of. It was a mystery. She disappeared from her husband who was abusing her. That's the one I wanted to see where she was at a carnival on a Ferris wheel or something. <SEP> Did that come on T V. Or did it come out in the. It came out in the theater. <SEP> And I think around here it's all ready quit playing. But I don't know if it's still playing any where else. I think. But it was one of those that kept you on the edge of your seat. Real good. <SEP> I want to see that. I seen the previews for it on T V down here. But it's just been down here a couple weeks I think. <SEP> Because we saw it probably four or five months ago. A month a-. I know it hasn't been that long since I've seen the previews for it. But. I wanted to see it. Her husband was a dark haired guy with a beard and moustache. Or a-. He shaved the beard off. <SEP> He was a real psycho in the movie. It was scary. I'd like to see that. What about. There was a. We got one back here a while. I want to see WAR OF THE ROSES too. Have you seen that? <SEP> I didn't like it. You didn't? It was. I didn't like the way it ended. I know. The only reason I know why it ended is on ARSENIO HALL one night Christopher Reeves told that. <SEP> I can't believe they killed them. Or who was it. Christopher Reeve or Mike Douglas. <SEP> Might have been Michael Douglas. That starred in it. It was Michael Douglas. Christopher Reeve wasn't in it at all? <SEP>. Arsenio Hall is the one that jumped up and said that I can't believe they killed them. And Christopher Reeve or Mike Douglas went after his throat you dummy. So I know that they die. But I haven't told my husband. We've both been wanting to see it. <SEP> It was weird. It was a different movie from anything I've ever seen. We was teasing about splitting our house down the middle. They did that didn't they. And they marked off routes that they could go or something. <SEP> That would be kind of hard for us. We've only got one bathroom. I don't know h-. We've got two bathrooms. But mi-. If he takes. My house kind of looks like two trailers put together. And one bathroom is at the end of one side. And one's in the middle of the other. So we could do it. <SEP> That wouldn't be too bad. And he could climb out the window. Wh-. And our whole house has. Every room leads to three rooms. So we can. <SEP> Get around. You can get around. You just can't go out the front door honey. Did you see FATAL ATTRACTION? That's coming back on too. <SEP> I know it's going to be on C B S Tuesday night. And that's kind of in a way how it kind of bothered you the way it ended and stuff. That's kind of how WAR OF THE ROSES was. I. <SEP> Parts of WAR OF THE ROSES was funny. But then other times it was like it was just deadly serious. And it just left you with this kind of uneasy feeling. Eerie feeling. Or I want to see it though. I'd like to see that and THE NEVER ENDING STORY came out on Disney this month I think. I've heard about that. I wanted to see that. <SEP> But I don't know what it's about. THE NEVER ENDING STORY? It's a child's movie. But it's good. I enjoyed it. <SEP> I love Disney movies. I do too. And. They're some of the best that are made. And it's about this little boy who. I think he's up in a attic or some part of school. He got locked in the school. And he got scared. But he starts dreaming. And then he's saving the land of. It's been so long since I've seen it. <SEP> Alls I can really remember is him flying this great big dog this great big huge sheep dog sort of looking thing. Go-. It flies through the air. And he's trying to save the land from some ooze. <SEP> But it's really good. It sounds ki-. It had Fred Savage in it. Did you see that movie with Fred Savage in it though. I don't think so. With. He had. It was THE PRINCESS BRIDE. <SEP> I didn't see that. You didn't see that. That was cute. That was a good one. I like slapstick comedy. So do I. And a lot of times we'll go to rent a movie or something. And you're not sure whether it will be any good or not. So sometimes we stick with the stuff we've heard more about than. I heard. A friend of mine told me she got NAKED GUN last night. And she said that was hilarious. <SEP> We saw that. And they're coming out with a sequel to it. Two and a half. It was funny. It wa-. I want to see that. She said she rented it last night. And said it was real good. An. <SEP> And WORKING GIRL is really good. I seen that. That was good. Was that with that blonde. She pretended to be the boss or something. <SEP> I rented that one night by myself. I was home alone. Did you see HOME ALONE? I did. That just reminded me of that. Did you like it?
sw2399.txt:Let's see. How do you feel about credit cards? Personally I do not care for them. Although I find them a necessity in business and so forth. I try to refrain from their use as much as possible. For a number of reasons one of which is the extreme interest rate on most of them. <SEP> The one I use of course mostly only for business purposes is American Express. And I'm not terribly in favor of them. Not for my own personal point of view. <SEP> Plus from an economic point of view it has increased our debt tremendously to the tune of somewhere on the order of five to ten billion I believe. <SEP> At least that's one number for this range of numbers I have heard. <SEP> Do you use them frequently. Or. Me and my wife when we have extra money that we know we're going to have and we can put it in our budget we'll use it. But last year I think we paid. I think it was twenty something cents interest on our Visa. <SEP> And this year I think we used it for Christmas. And we got caught just a few days on our grace period. So we'll pay a little interest this year but maybe two dollars. But we don't like to do that at all. And I think we feel about the same way you do real strongly. We have several credit cards though. We have a gas card our Visa and then of course the American Express. And I think we have a couple of department stores. <SEP> But we use it the same way. And. I find the one I use mostly. Aside from the American Express I do use my Sears card. <SEP> But as with the American Express I try to pay it as it comes in. It's not uncommon for us to have paid it before we even get the bill. That's usually how we do it. <SEP> I know when I used to travel overseas quite a bit what I would do on my American Express card is before I left I would mail a check to American Express and have some idea of how much was there I'd sent them several hundred dollars or whatever I felt I would spend. And then use it then. <SEP>. <SEP> But for hotels and so forth. But I knew that it was paid. I knew that I had that much credit going in. <SEP> Sometimes I would go over. But it wouldn't hit me in a big way because I knew that I would have it covered in that respect. That's good. I don't think we've gone that far to pay it in advance before we spend it. <SEP> But I guess if you foresaw that you were going to have to use it like that that may be good. I found in traveling overseas that often it would expedite things to have an American Express credit card for hotel bills and so forth. <SEP>. <SEP> Plus when they would send the bill they would automatically convert to the exchange rate. <SEP> So the only time that got to be a problem was if the exchange rate changed drastically. For example I remember on one trip to France when I started planning the trip a dollar was worth nine or ten. Francs and just in a matter of a week or two the dollar fell against the franc drastically. <SEP> And when I finally got over there it had fallen two or three francs to the dollar. So the. So I got caught a little short in that regard. <SEP> But I was anticipating my room would cost. If it were sixty or seventy francs a night that would mean it would be about ten dollars or so or maybe twenty dolls-. <SEP> Maybe it would be more than that. It was more than. It would average out to thirty-five or forty dollars a night which is a reasonable rate. <SEP> But then when I got back and I was working for the government at the time. Of course the government was several months behind on its per diem for exchange rate. <SEP> So there's a little consternation in trying to get them to compensate for the difference in the exchange rate. <SEP> Especially. That was the only time I really got caught short. But as I said most of all I try not to use them lavishly in that regard. <SEP> That's good. From where are you calling? From the Dallas area. <SEP> You're from Dal-. I'm from Maryland. Do you work for T I? <SEP> I work for G T E. I wonder how T I got G T E involved. <SEP> I know Jack Godfrey. I know him very well. I've known Jack for a long time. And I'm also in the speech business. <SEP> So when I heard that Jack was going to do this I called him and asked for an application where I could participate in this. And so that's how I got involved. You have a very. What's the word. Your speech is very exact. <SEP> Thank you very much. But as Jack said I'm one of the old hands in the speech business. I've been doing it for twenty some odd years. <SEP> And so I was very much interested in getting involved in switchboard. So you work for T I? I work in. <SEP>. I guess we're supposed to do this part of it before we started the recording. I think we talked for a good eight minutes about the subject. So I think you get ten. So I think we're okay. <SEP>. You have a good evening. You too. It's been pleasant talking to you. Same here. <SEP> Take care.
sw2053.txt:What kind of hobbies do you have? I do a lot of cross-stitching and painting when I do have spare time. I like cross-stitch too. <SEP> I love it. I just have a hard time finding any spare time lately. That's my case also. I've got a new born. And there's just no time. <SEP> Have you been cross-stitching long? Several years. My husband is even interested in it now. He likes to help me design projects that are a little more customized. <SEP> He looks at the pattern. And he says how do you get that from there to the material. Not that hard. It's not. I really enjoy it. <SEP> And once you get started on it I love it. I do a lot of my own patterns also. <SEP> In fact I did one BILL THE CAT from Glenn County that was a real good one to do. It was tough. But. Do you have any others. Or is this mainly cross-stitching? I do mostly that. Not very artistic really for painting and stuff. <SEP>. But I don't know. I'm still trying to get all the D M C colors. I've got the kits to put them all in. I don't have them all yet certainly. <SEP>. I got to counting the other day. And I think I have two hundred. And I got to thinking the money that I've got invested in this is. It can add up quick. I just keep an inventory of what I currently have. And then when I start a new project I go through and see if I. Just buy the colors that I need of what I'm low on. <SEP>. I see. Now can I improvise with adding and using another color instead what comes close. Because a lot of them are similar. <SEP> A lot of times you can do that. I think I. The pinks there's forty-two different shades of pink. There's lots of pinks and greens. Pinks and greens. <SEP> There's lots of shades of greens. But the colors. I just love all the different colors. They had quite a few new ones come out last year that they added to. But you don't have much spare time either? Not lately. I just started a new job and trying to get acclimated there. <SEP> And that does take some time. And if we're trying to get acclimated with having a baby. And. How old? He's seven months old. <SEP> And just into everything. So there's not a spare moment. But I wouldn't trade it for the world. I've been trying to do some bibs for him. And work on his Christmas stocking. <SEP> We missed it last year. So hopefully this year he'll have one. Last year he was a little bit young for having one. <SEP> He wouldn't have enjoyed it anyway. You would have. But. <SEP> If it tasted good. All he liked was the lights this year. So. That's neat that you like cross-stitching also. That's kind of strange that we got the same call. <SEP> It's a call. I'm sorry. Go ahead. That's okay. <SEP> But. I've been doing it for probably ten years or so. I just started about five years ago I think. But it is peaceful. It is relaxing to do once you find the time to do it. There's also a couple of large projects baby afghans. And I got one done. And I think. The child is going to be in high school before I get finished. <SEP> On that. Bear thing. Is it one of those afghans that I've seen in the packages with the large squares? I bought the cloth and the pattern for it. I didn't buy a kit. <SEP> I've seen the afghans in the stores that are designed for cross-stitching. It's that cloth. It's cloth I think. <SEP> And it has the borders and everything already. Those are pretty. Number one turned out just great. And the lady said she couldn't believe that they know that I had done it in the colors that they had decorated the nursery. And I didn't even know it. <SEP> That's a. I gave it to her. And she said how did you know those are the colors we used. I said didn't. That was a good. It worked out that way. <SEP> That's great. That. Now I've got the material to do an afghan that I just never did get around to finishing it. I like those. Those are pretty. Lilly she said it's for your daughter to use. She said I know she doesn't get to touch it. She hung it on the wall. <SEP> My grandmother made us a couple of quilts for the baby. And I was I don't want to mess those up. They're just too nice. You don't get many hand made quilts anymore. <SEP>. I've enjoyed this. <SEP> But keep up the good. Keep up the cross-stitching. You too. <SEP>
sw3309.txt:Are we paying too much in taxes. And are we getting what we pay for? What's your opinion? It's kind of a broad subject. I think there are some areas where we pretty well get our money's worth. <SEP> But I also think there are a lot of areas especially in federal government where we're short changed. Lot of money spent for things that are not used. And I was in the Air Force. And there was equipment at every base I was ever on that was just going to waste. It was just sitting and rusting. And. I tend to agree with you. When it comes to government spending there are so many studies done that don't mean anything. <SEP> But we'll spend hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars on. And it's nice to know something doesn't work or something doesn't exist. But it could be put to more practical use. And I think that it's a tone of our times that politicians are into themselves more than they are into doing something worthwhile for the people they represent which is really unfortunate. <SEP> That is true. I agree with you in that area. I have a tendency to. I'm from Texas. And I read how our politicians voted each week in the paper. And it's interesting how the votes vary. And what they ran on in platform don't necessarily come true in their voting in the senate or Congress whatever. <SEP> And don't really respond to people who write them and call them. And unless they're in the limelight and under pressure. So. I think we get short changed on that. That's very true. What state do you live in? Texas. <SEP> That's. What do you think about Robin Hood? I work for school district. And it has hurt us a lot. There has to be some way to equalize education opportunities. But I think especially big government tends to think that the solution to everything is to throw money at it. And I don't. That's just not true. I don't think money is going to take the place of intelligence or problem solving skills. I think there are too many things that money can't buy that are important as far as education is concerned. <SEP> That's true. What school district do you work for? Richardson. I work for Plano. <SEP> We're comparable. <SEP> As a matter of fact I just paid my Richardson taxes because I live in Richardson and supplemented the Robin Hoods very thoroughly. I think we have got it on the line don't we. Our taxes went up tremendously. <SEP> And it's not going to get any better. It's going up and up and up. I used to live in the Plano school district. And there was a taxpayers organization that finally communicated the message to the people in Plano that we didn't want our taxes raised. I remember there was about four five years ago. <SEP> But this. I think living in Richardson we're kind of spoiled because I think we come closer to getting our money's worth as far as the city is concerned than probably any city in the country. Did you read in the Dallas paper where they increased the administrators' pay by thirty three percent after they laid off all those teachers. Is that incredible? <SEP> That's the biggest mess I've ever heard of. How can you justify raising anybody's salary if you have to lay people off? But I'm not going to complain because we all got a pay raise this year. <SEP> You all got a pay raise this year. Is that correct? I think the teachers did. And I don't know about administrators. I'm semiretired. And I was an administrator. So I don't get a raise anymore. I work part-time and just get. <SEP> My pay doesn't change. Are you on the early retirement? <SEP> Are you enjoying it? Very much. Course I still work two part-time jobs. So it's not really total retirement. <SEP> It's interesting because when you look at what Richardson has done with the early retirement you.
sw3586.txt:I'm sorry. That's okay. I didn't hear. Hobbies. <SEP> Let me see. I don't know if that took or not. I'll do it again. What are your hobbies? I hear you have kids? <SEP> You heard her in the background. That's babies. That's your full time hobby? Takes a lot of time. I like most sports. I like to do that. I kind of like to do a little bit of sewing. <SEP> Little bit of embroidery work once in a while. What do you like to do? I try to do some painting although I'm not very good at it. <SEP> I'm sure you probably are. Not really. You like it. That's the main. I inherited the genes that make me think I'm creative but not the ones that give me the ability to be. <SEP> That's right. So I always try. <SEP> I do some sewing mostly out of necessity. I'm making drapes for my house just because I'm. That's hard sewing. It isn't and it is. It is. Actually the sewing isn't the hard part. It's just being able to lay out the material and measure it because you need so much room. <SEP> Measure it and get it to. It depends on how elaborate you get it. If you get pleats and all kinds of. I've been doing that. And That. <SEP> That's a lot of work. That. But usually have to do the pleats by hand. So that at least I can do watching T V or whatever. But. <SEP> And I've gone and put the needle through my thumb a few times trying to get it through. But. <SEP> That feels really good. So that's not really my favorite thing to do or anything but I need to do it. To do it. Let's see I have a dog and a lot of fish. Keeping fish is my biggest hobby. <SEP> Keeping fish. They're probably easier than keeping dogs though aren't they. It depends on how frequently they die and how much that bothers you. <SEP> How much that bothers you. And you probably have to clean out the tank too. That's. You don't have to do as much as I thought. In fact my problem. I had fish as a kid. And they always died immediately. <SEP> And what I think now is the reason is I kept the tank too clean. You're kidding. Because you have. <SEP> Because they need to have a little bit of the. You need to let the bacteria build up. And then it keeps all the chemicals in balance. I see. And I would just take everything out and just wash it with scalding hot water. <SEP> And it would kill all the bacteria. And that would screw up all the chemical cycles again. And so you'd have to start all over to build that up probably. So. <SEP> That's right. So now I only clean things to make things look more aesthetically pleasing. <SEP> And I don't try and sterilize things. Don't go through the whole nine yards. And they kind of need a little bit of that. That's right. <SEP> That's right. So you've had fish for a long time. I've had them. I guess it's been two years now I've had a tank here. And then back at home I used to have a small five gallon tank. But that never worked well. And I have fifty-five gallons now. <SEP> What size do you have now? That's a good size. It's a lot easier. <SEP> Have you ever had it crack or break or leak. Not yet. <SEP> Fifty-five gallons you'd hope it would never do that. That's right. I really do. But. Do you have all kinds of different fish. Or. I just have what they call community fish guppies and platies and basic things. <SEP> I don't get into the. Real exotic. The expensive ones. <SEP> They're probably harder to take care of. And. They are. They're very expensive. And when they die it's more like an investment. I bet it is. You lost an investment. So. <SEP> Do you have problems with the fish eating each other? Not really. Only if there's baby fish. You always have to isolate those. <SEP> Then you have to. How do you isolate them? You get a. A jar or something. Or. They have breeders. <SEP> It's a little plastic things that sort of floats. And you put the mother fish in there. And then it's got a trough underneath her. <SEP> So as the babies come out they fall down in the trough. And there's a hole in the middle so they fall into the bottom part of the chamber so the mother can't get to them either. And that's. It kind of works. But it's also got slots in it so the water can circulate. <SEP> And on occasion if you get a real small one. It'll fit out the slots. It'll go through the slot. That's right. But it works I guess. <SEP> That works all right then. They don't want the mothers to be with the little fish either. They'll eat them. They will. <SEP> Isn't that odd. You wouldn't think that. And it's funny because the one I have every single month without fail she has babies. <SEP> You're kidding. All the time. And I. And she's supposed to. Her variety it says they won't eat the babies. And I've seen her do it. So. And that just makes you sick almost doesn't it? It's ter-. It makes you understand that things are different. <SEP> Things are different in the animal kingdom. We might decide what's proper and what isn't. But that's the way it is for them. <SEP> That's kind of the way they do it. That's it. Survival of the fittest or something. Because if the baby is strong enough it can swim away fast enough and go hide. <SEP> Go hide from them. And then you think how did they do it out in the real world anyway when these fish are in the tropicals or wherever they are kind of trying to keep up with that. <SEP>. <SEP> But. If you're like me you never have enough time for the hobbies. Not really. I try. I play a couple of instruments.
sw2041.txt:How is it appropriate to be talking about exercise attitudes? We. My husband is right now teaching an aerobics class. <SEP> He's an aerobics instructor. And is going to be entering North Texas for a Kinesiology program there. And the. How I met him was through the aerobics class that he used to teach. You're a student? <SEP> So. I'm an avid aerobics person and just very very athletic. Enjoying anything dealing with sports. <SEP> And how do you feel about it? I am a person who wishes I had more time to exercise. I don't feel like I. I don't very often do things for the sake of exercise. I don't feel well unless I am exercising. And I try to do things that involve exercise. But I very rarely do things like. I've never done aerobics or any sort of structured. This is my exercise time. <SEP> But I do lots of outdoor sports and things bicycling mountaineering a little mountaineering this and that. And I spend a lot of time. And I probably get more exercise than your average person. But it's not a structured sort of thing. And I have to admit I have a certain resistance to the idea of exercising for exercising's sake. And perhaps it's because somehow that implies to me it's not fun or something like that. <SEP> I've. My. That's the way my mother stands on it. She feels like if it's something that you have to do if you look at it as if you have to do it then it becomes a chore. <SEP> And she doesn't enjoy it when it's a chore. And I feel that way too as far as the idea of doing fifty sit-ups or something. To. <SEP> You're a calcu-. Calculated down. And do your calisthenics three times a week. I do try and regulate how much exercise I get a week. <SEP> Is that why you like aerobics classes because someone else is doing the counting for you so it makes it less of a chore? <SEP> And it's got. And I've always enjoyed dance. So it involves. I can't get out to dance all the time. And. Would that we could. <SEP> And it's more regulated. I mean you're using different parts of the body. So it is like dance. And it's structured like that. But you have the music and like you said someone else is counting so it makes it easier for me. <SEP> And someone else is telling me let's move this way let's move that way instead of me having to think about it so much. <SEP> You can just trust someone else to give you full exercise. And all you do is follow along and enjoy yourself. But I'm like you. I also like to participate in things like. We just went to the Myererson Symphony Run this past weekend. And that was a lot of fun. And you get to meet different people and just get out out and about. <SEP> And it's something you can all. Like our. We did it as a family. So it was quite a lot of fun. <SEP> And biking. And I love to swim. So I love it when it's swimming weather. <SEP> And. You're talking to someone from California where it's often swimming weather. I didn't realize that. <SEP> I'm sorry. I'm in Texas. I just assumed that I had. This is the first call I've done. <SEP> And I didn't realize that they were going to reach out to people from all over the country. <SEP> You wouldn't know that. I. So it's actually. It's interesting because there are real regional differences. In California there's almost an assumption unless you're sort of clearly of an older generation or something in your sixties or something like that. I'm not. There's an assumption that you do something for your physical fitness at least in urban California. And maybe not. I don't know about rural California too well. But in urban California it's just. For all I know aerobics started out here. I don't know where they actually started. But the craze really picked up big here. And before that there was the running craze. And they. California tends to be a bit faddish. But the remarkable thing is how well the fads catch on elsewhere. <SEP> So there must be something to some of them. And. I think people are more inc-. People from California seem to be more health motivated all around. As far as. The diet and just your health consciousness. And it just seems like a lot of those ideas generate out of California. <SEP> Not just exercise but health related ideas. And I. It's curious I don't know why don't know if it's. Do you. Does California have a. There's a sense of it being a package. <SEP> I think. There is a sense of whole. There's a lot of. You'll get organizations like institutes for the whole health or whatever. And the University of California at Berkeley puts out THE WELLNESS LETTER. Which turned into a fairly well subscribed to newsletter monthly or biweekly newsletter or something like that. And it doesn't deal with just exercise or just stress management or just diet or anything. It's on fairly solid scientific ground. It's just dispensed with these distinctions. It says all sorts of factors go into health and there's no reason to talk about one rather than another so that they combined them all together. So it's had that orientation for quite some time. There's been some progressive medical schools out here that have taken that approach. <SEP> And. Do you think that's because they've realized that for whole health that you have to have that combination or that people are motivated that way so that they've incorporated that into their program. <SEP> Do you think the program came first or the. That. There's a. I can say there's a correlation but I couldn't say which caused the other. Each developed a little bit and then would feed off one another and develop a little bit more and a little bit more. The more money they put into it. And. <SEP> I can see that. And cause I. Knowing. From institutes of learning like that I know that they've got to get their money somewhere. And somebody's got to be willing to pay for it and believe in it. So. Exactly. And part of it is California back in the sixties had a lot of alternative movements. And some of them fizzled out. And some of them were disastrous. And others of them had an impact on the society around here. And one of the ones that had an impact was people becoming interested in alternate practices. I'm not sure if it was a meditation practice or if it was similar to a stress management practice or alternates to A M A approved medicine. You have major acupuncture schools and things out here. And you could have them around long enough. And more and more people start believing them or wondering how to combine them with other things. <SEP> And before long you get this whole kind of Gestalt this whole package of health care and options. And exercise is strongly considered one of them. The irony is it's people in the cities that are most oriented towards doing the exercise. And I guess because they spend all day in back of their desks. The average person out on the farm at least traditionally the laborers. <SEP> Last thing. Or they're older. Pardon me. <SEP> Don't you think they tend to be older in the rural ar-. I sometimes think that it's almost frantic effort on the part of the people in the city. Like everything else. I live in a rural area. So I see that. The rat race to exercise. <SEP> It's frantic to achieve something that a person in a rural area almost doesn't worry about it to such a degree but stays almost healthier. I think so. <SEP> As a fit person. You've. If you look at other cultures. I know a little bit about people who were considered very healthy in China. And they don't do very much vigorous exercise at all. But they do a lot of low keyed low impact low stress exercise. And they combine it with a meditation or whatever. Some sort of relaxation. And they seem pretty. They don't have the hard body. They don't have that perfect look. And an awful lot of exercise is sort of image conscious. But they live to a hundred and ten some. <SEP> And that's. Don't you think a lot of that is diet too? And a lot of that is diet. That's true. <SEP> They eat a lot of carbohydrates and not much fat. For economical reasons not for preference. <SEP> And as we can see. I'm a practicing vegetarian. So I've read a lot of information knowing that to be true. Am I actually. What's that? As am I. <SEP> Are you also. That's good as far as the cal-. Is that pretty predominant as far as California doe-. It is in the urban areas. <SEP> In the urban areas? For example most restaurants in an urban area will have a little vegetarian section now. That's wonderful. Most sort of modern looking restaurants will. <SEP> You can. That's great. We. It's such a trouble here. You just have to eat at home basically. I was wondering that. Because I was actually applying for a job in Texas. And it occurred to me. <SEP> Of course in the cities. In the cities. We live close to Dallas. <SEP> So which. You get an influx of a lot of people from all over the country. So you're going to have more choices. But in urban areas it's steak places. <SEP> And it's not a. It's definitely. It's changing to a degree. But it's very frustrating. And even with health food stores and stores where you can buy natural products or organic materials and foods and things. <SEP> You don't really have that. You would think.
sw2510.txt:Do you have any pets? I have three cats and a dog. Sound like us. We have. <SEP> Go ahead. We just got the dog less than a year ago. So he's still a puppy. What kind is it? <SEP> He's a mixed breed. He's part Collie part Shepherd and part Chow. More Collie and Shepherd than Chow. So you. The only Chow he's got is his tongue. He's got a blue tongue? <SEP>. He's got little spots on them. We have two Chows and a miniature Schnauzer and recently added a guinea pig which wasn't by my choice. But I was out ruled. But the dogs are mainly mine and my husb-. But I just love them to death. <SEP> Was the guinea pig for your child? Daughter. As if the dogs weren't enough had to have a guinea pig. So anyway she enjoys her though. So that's what matters. But our Chows we've had them right around six maybe seven years. And. <SEP> They're registered. And we've been breeding them. She's had about four or five litters. My husband's always wanted a Chow. But I'm kind of concerned about having cats and how they socialize with cats. Which is one of the reasons why we got a mixed breed. <SEP> Because we thought they would socialize easier. <SEP> My husband had originally wanted an. And his brother has an. And so far he's bitten ten people. <SEP> And the people that he got the from used to have cats. And they no longer have any other cats. It's telling. We had a cat when we first married took. We had the cat first. And then we got the Chow. And bringing them in as puppies they got along just fabulous with her. <SEP> And you would think that they were all dogs the way she would prance around them and paw at their face. And they'd just play. And they never harmed her. So they got along great. I don't know how it would be bringing in cat to a full grown dog. I wouldn't want to bring a cat into a full grown dog. <SEP> But I wouldn't feel hesitant about bringing a puppy in to adult cats. I think they would socialize easier. I think so too. <SEP> How old is your child? Five. Five? She's a real. <SEP> So you had the dogs before you had the baby? And I was not really concerned about them harming her. I think a lot of that that we hear all the time is how you bring them up. And ours are real friendly. They're protective. But they're very friendly and lovable. <SEP> You think they're lapdogs. They'll just come jump on your lap and want to have their bellies rubbed and everything. And. What color are they? The female's red. And the male is black. <SEP> I bet the black one's pretty. He's a big old thing. And I was concerned about the female mainly. And as luck had it she had puppies the same week my daughter was born. So it was kind of like she had her babies and understood about. About your baby. And that. I think that really helped my daughter since she's little has been playing with them. And they let her tug their hair and get on their back or whatever. And she's grown up with them and loves them to death. And they love her. So. <SEP> I think it's good for kids to grow up around pets as long as they don't have any allergies to them or anything. I do too. <SEP> But I think it really helps them to understand when they go to other people's houses. And they have pets. I see so many times kids just. They mean to animals not really understanding that the animals have feelings. That or the other extreme. They're terrified of them. And I hate that. And they shouldn't be. Some maybe. But our miniature Schnauzer she's just a little hyper thing and just prances around and jumps all over everybody acting silly. And a lot of kids are scared of that. Which I understand because she is a lot of movement and everything. But when she calms down they're so scared of her. It's. <SEP> That bothers me because she's the friendliest thing. She wouldn't harm them at all. And that's mainly people that have never had pets around their children. So I think it's a good idea to have them. In the past we've had birds too like Cockatoos. And parrots and The big white birds with the orange crest on top. <SEP> Ar-. The Cockatoos are those the big ones? <SEP> We've had those. And those are neat. They're messy very messy and loud. Are they? A lot louder than a dog. A dog you can tell stop barking or whatever. <SEP> But the birds it's hard to keep them from squawking or whatever. But they were neat enjoyable animals to have. We've thought about getting an aquarium partly for the cats. <SEP> I think the cats would really enjoy it with a lid. Of course but so far we just. And starting up an aquarium. We're thinking about getting a saltwater. They. <SEP> And they're so expensive to start up. They are. And in your the luck of keeping them alive through those first few days. <SEP> The saltwater fish have so much more color. And they're so much more beautiful. I know they are. <SEP> The freshwater tank's just. Really to me there's. Most of them really aren't that pretty. I really don't care much for them. I don't blame you there. I think the saltwater are a lot more attractive than. I don't know. Those fish are just beautiful. Just so. Like you have a little bit of ocean with you or something. <SEP> Rather than just little fish. But I don't mind having. Wren. My daughter had a little goldfish about a year or two ago. And it finally died. And that was neat. And they're. She can't play with it. You can just look at it. <SEP> You can't roll around and tussle around with it like you can a dog or a cat. And. I wouldn't dare have a goldfish here because it would probably be in a small bowl. <SEP> And then my cats would knock it over. I have to be real careful about where I put things. <SEP> If the cats will jump up on things and knock things over all the time. They're always up where they're not supposed to be. And that's hard. <SEP> That's just like kids. They know that they're not supposed to do it. But they're going to do it anyway because they know they're not supposed to. That's right. And they're so independent. I love having them for that reason. And until we got the dog it was real easy to go to town for three day weekend or whatever. <SEP> And now it's like a major production trying to find somebody to take care of the dog while you're gone. <SEP> That's right. That is hard. And I. We knew it. But we never even thought that about when we got the dog. We just saw him. He's so cute. <SEP> Let's take him home. And then the first weekend we had him we were in a two bedroom apartment. <SEP> And my husband went out of town and left me with the brand new puppy. Fun. And I had to work twelve hours that day. <SEP> And so I left the dog locked in the bedroom. And I put paper all over the floor. When I came home I opened the door. And there were chunks of carpet padding everything all over the place. <SEP> And he had tried to dig his way out from underneath the door. I guess you didn't get your deposit back did you? I had the carpet fixed. <SEP> I I didn't even tell the apartment manager who got it. Bless your heart. <SEP> But that was my first real experience with a puppy. When we had our family dog growing up I was eleven or twelve when we first got him. And I wasn't really involved in the paper training and teaching him commands and stuff. <SEP> So this was to me a whole new experience. It is. Only it wasn't like cats at all. I wish it was. I wish they were in that instinct. But they don't. <SEP> Our only problem with our Schnauzer she's an indoor dog most of the time. And we found she's right at a year. And we finally got her house trained and everything. Her only problem is trash. If you do not pick the trash up the container and put it on a table or chair or something she'll knock it over. <SEP> I don't care how full she is. So it's not like she's hungry. It's just she wants to get into trouble. My cats do that. If I through anything away that's any kind of meat or anything like that. <SEP> Anything that they think is good. They'll get into the trash. And then it doesn't matter where you put it and where you hide it. <SEP> And how tight you have the lid down on it. They'll get into it. I've come home many a days from work to find trash all over the kitchen floor. I hate that. <SEP> And the cat's just looking at me like sorry. You shouldn't have left it there. I couldn't help myself. I just hate that when she does that. I just. And she knows it's wrong. You'll walk in the door. And she'll cower and go hide under the table. <SEP> So she knows she does wrong. But she continues to do it. So. The problem that we're having with our puppy right now. He's actually not really a puppy anymore. He's sixteen months old. <SEP> But he's still chewing. Is he? The last thing he chewed up was when we.
sw3173.txt:Why don't you go ahead first and tell what kind of car you'd look for in your next. I think I would like something like an economy car that gets really good mileage and one that's really reliable. I think probably not a brand new car. But maybe something like a Nissan Sentra. Or something like that. <SEP> Something my husband. And of course it has to have air-conditioning. Air-conditioning and a radio A M F M and a cassette player. And what else do I want. Does it have to be a special color? <SEP> I would think kind of a subdued color would be nice. A navy blue or a. It sounds like something your husband would drive? <SEP> That's what it would be for is for him to drive back and forth to work. I don't think we're looking for another car right now because we just bought one. But when we were looking we were looking for something that had enough seat belts of course. And we wanted air-conditioning and a five speed. And that was kind of iffy. But that made it better economically. So. I think that's something we might want too is some kind of standard transmission at least rather than automatic. <SEP> We'll probably have to look for another second car sometime. And we'd look for about what you're looking for. But probably real cheap too. It wouldn't be a used car. But. I think we would want one that even though it was a compact car or whatever that it would still be nice enough that you could take someone in it and not be embarrassed. Would you like four doors. Or doesn't really matter. <SEP> Probably that would be a good idea. It's hard for people to get in with a two door sometimes. That's right. So if we wanted it to take people out that's a good thought. <SEP> I. That hadn't crossed my mind. It would be fun just to win one wouldn't it? I would go for that. That would be great. I think that's all that we need to say. <SEP> Thank you for calling. We'll talk to you later. <SEP>
sw3825.txt:This is an unusual topic. What do you think about it? At first I. It took eight times to find you. So I told my husband. What should I say. And then he reminded me. But in his family what they usually do on his dad's side his mom or the aunts will send out little postcards two or three weeks before reminding everyone where to meet and just to bring anything. And so they just notify everyone by mail. And then they just meet at a park or something to have a small dinner type thing. That sounds great Ellen. How far away do they come from? <SEP> They all meet in Portland. And they come as far as Seattle. And sometimes we've gone. And we were living in Utah at the time. And his dad's family is all around the area. And his mom's side of the family they all have their family reunions in southern Utah. And people would come from Seattle to there Nevada and in that area Washington and Nevada to southern Utah. And each time they had a reunion they'd assign a different person to be in charge of notifying everybody. That makes sense. Nobody's out of a lot of trouble more than once. <SEP> And the people who are down there they'll assign one person in the Utah area one person in the Washington area. And that person can call beforehand and just make sure everyone knows too. And then they just sort of do a little program or something like that so that everyone's sort of involved. <SEP> That's interesting. You sound like you've had a lot of experience with this then. That's my husband's side and my family. We all live in southern California. So we just have to either or give a formal invite. <SEP> And we're all there. So. Southern California's still pretty large. L A Orange County area. Everyone's mostly not farther than an hour away. I see. <SEP>. My experience has been limited pretty much lately to my mother's side of the family. <SEP> Years ago there was a big dispute on my dad's side. And they haven't had a reunion since then. They just show up at funerals and weddings. It was pretty serious and lot of yelling and all that. <SEP> But my mother's side we had our first real reunion that I've ever gone to last summer. And they had people come in from out of town. And they took some rooms down at a Holiday Inn. And they had some activity. They had a nice dinner planned and all of that stuff. And people got up and talked about various parts of the family tree. And a lot of that sort of thing. Since it was the first one that we'd had you could do that once. Next time we have one. We'll have to think of something more creative to do. That's interesting because one thing that always brings to my husband's mother's side together is they talk about the genealogy of the family tree every time. And inevitably everyone is just very interested. And they always have two or three new ones to add to the list someone's been born or someone passed away or something like that. <SEP> And so everyone has to update their little books or whatever. Do you have an interest in genealogy? <SEP> I do but not very much compared to my mother-in-law. Not a passion. <SEP> I suspect we'll do quite a bit more genealogy. And I suspect we will do more of it. I found out about some of the relatives I didn't even know their names some of the two or three generations back and some of the aunts and uncles. And there's a lot of things there you have to stop. They're really kind of fascinating. I found out my grandmother was one of a twin. <SEP> And we don't even know where the twin. We have virtually no background on the twin. <SEP> Is it your grandma's own sibling. And she. My grandmother's sister who would be somewhere in West Virginia. I'm sure she's dead now because my grandmother died about twenty years ago. I see. So. I'm probably a lot older than you are. <SEP> Maybe they just moved away and then sort of lost contact. I don't know.
sw2521.txt:. Who is your favorite football team? Guess. I bet you can't guess. <SEP> I would say the Saints since. You got it. And I want to tell you something. <SEP> What's that? They're going to go somewhere pretty shortly. I think they are because they're getting better every year. <SEP> And they got a lot. Can't call them the New Orleans Ain'ts any more. <SEP> I don't think so. We went to the playoffs. <SEP>. I'm a Buffalo Bills fan. From a long time ago. <SEP> I like them too. So it's good to see the Bills doing so well now. And. They are. They are doing a whole bunch better. Who's their quarterback? <SEP> What's that? Who's their quarterback? <SEP> Jim Kelly. I like to watch them too. They're the. I like to watch almost all the football. But of course I watch every Saints game that I can watch. But I think they're really going to do good because it seems like they're finally all coming together. <SEP> If they would just quit blowing it. The. It. The N F L draft really seems to be doing its job. Because got teams like Buffalo who certainly weren't a powerhouse ten years ago. Now they've been able to get some good players and come around. And th-. New Orleans the same story. And a few years ago Denver was a powerhouse. And then they weren't getting the draft picks. And now the other team. So it seems to be moving around to New Orleans' benefit. <SEP> And you see how. Look at the Cowboys. They're hurting. And. Really bad. <SEP> But they got so much bad publicity too. And I think that hurt a lot of people even wanting to play on their team. W-. <SEP>. Firing Tom Landry and hiring Jimmy Johnson. What kind of. Doesn't give you much respect for their team at all. Any team where the owner would fire Tom Landry is one of the greatest coaches of all time. And just because they had a couple of bad seasons. And you can't even attribute those bad seasons to bad coaching. Because all the problems. If you think about those years that we had the losing season of how bad. His players were constantly getting kicked off the team because of drugs because of messing with young children. <SEP> And it was just one thing right after the other with them. And he alway-. <SEP> And had a lot of trouble with injuries too. He'd never seem to be able to keep his guys healthy. And then even Eric Dickerson left the team. <SEP> Tha-. You're right. People were jumping ship right and left. And I don't know. That sounds to me more like the front office problem than coaching problem. But then the team was sold. <SEP> So. But that Jimmy Johnson came in too though. And he just. When he bought the team and all it just seemed like he just decided this is the way it's going to be. And it was bad. It really was. To me it was like it's going to take them quite a while to rebuild. Because anything that Tom Landry wanted or had he was going to change it. <SEP> It's. That's the way I felt about it. But I tell you what. If New Orleans ever gets a quarterback isn't nobody going to beat us. <SEP> There ain't nobody going to beat us then. Because look how good we did without a quarterback this year. <SEP> I know. Who was the quarterback? They had quite a few quarterbacks if you think about it. I can't even think of who the New Orleans quarterback is. <SEP> Fourcade was for a while. And then I can't remember that guy's name the one that held out for the money. And he was across the river. I can't think of his name now. But really we didn't have a quarterback. That was the whole problem. We had one guy that couldn't throw. And we had one guy that couldn't run. <SEP> And it was just bedlam. We really didn't have a quarterback. It was defense won all the games. Were they able to draft anybody this year? I don't know. Because they gave away a lot of their drafts. For different people for other places. <SEP>. So I don't know. I hadn't heard whether they have a new one or not. <SEP> When is the N F L draft. But. Has the N F L draft even gone yet? Not yet. But I don't know whether they have one of the first choices of somebody. <SEP>. That would be real good. <SEP> They've. They've. Ye-. Everybody gets in draft. But I don't know whether they'll be far enough up where they can do any good. <SEP> But. Or even making the playoffs. So that doesn't help you in the draft. But really and truly we just don't have a quarterback. <SEP>. That's all there is to it. But the players and stuff they finally quit giving away the really good players and started keeping them too. <SEP> Because we had some. You remember when Archie Manning was a quarterback? That was a few years ago. He was good. But every time we'd get a real good player they'd treat him bad. <SEP> And of course we had a different coach then too. But they'd treat him bad. And then he'd leave. Or either they'd trade him off to somebody else for two of these nobodies. <SEP> And it was weird. It was like they were trying if you were good let's don't have you on our team. But this year they had all good players except for the quarterback. <SEP> The quarterback all of them every one that they played. I think they played. I can't remember whether we played three or four quarterbacks. But all of them were bad. They were terrible. They could not pitch. They couldn't even take handoffs. It was terrible. <SEP> But all the other places our defense was unbelievable. It's one thing. <SEP> Buffalo's lucky though to have Jim Kelly than. Did you get to watch any of their games? <SEP> Now he's the number one rated quarterback in the N F L. I think. I'm pretty sure he was this past season. And then with the defense with Bruce Smith there at linebacker there they've got a very well rounded team. And it seems that they've gotten over their bickering and their fighting as problems they had in the past. And now they're really playing good together as a team. <SEP> Do you watch it every Sunday? When I can. I'm a musician. And the band I play in I. This is just something on the side. And the band I play in we tend to rehearse quite a bit on Sundays. So I missed a lot of Sundays during this. <SEP> Did you ever get to watch any of the New Orleans games? Ac-. I'd have to confess I don't really scope out the New Orleans games per se. I'm a. <SEP> New Orleans just isn't one of the areas. I've lived in so many places. I've lived in Denver. But I don't like the Broncos. There's no love for the Broncos. But I've lived in. <SEP> I was born in Buffalo. And I lived outside of Boston for five years. And then my family lives in Philadelphia now. So I tend to look for. Teams in your area. And I lived in Detroit too. So I like. First of all first and foremost the Bills games I want to see. And then I'll normally check out the Eagles or the Patriots. And Patriots were so depressing this last year that I kind of gave up on them. I know it. <SEP>. <SEP> But first and foremost the Bills. I even wen-. I got to go to a Bills game this year which was fun. It was the Bills Eagles game which appropriately enough fortunately the Bills won. That's neat. <SEP> And it was good weather. <SEP> We beat Buffalo in third of December? And it was sunny and forty-five degrees. So we couldn't a done much better than that in Buffalo. Because usually it's snowing. <SEP> Ice and rain and everything. But I tell you what. If you get to watch some of these. I don't know how it will be this year. But these games go right down to the wire. <SEP> It was like I was sitting on the edge of my chair going. And one. I can't remember. It was about. It was right close to when we was going to find out if we was going to get to be in the playoffs or not. So we're watching the game. The other team got the ball. And we got the ball back. That's the way it was. And they had to kick. To know whether we were going to win the game or lose a game because they got one point ahead of us. <SEP> So we had to sit there. And they cut the show off and started showing us another football game. We did not get to see the end of the game. You talk about people calling in. It was wild. Here everybody is sitting on the edge of their chair. <SEP> And then they changed the game. And they changed it and gave us another game in the middle of another one that was going on. <SEP> Cut us off right there the last few seconds. The station finally. Started telling everybody that they were not the ones that had cut that off that it was the national. <SEP> It was the network. Because it was funny. Everybody was furious. I was so mad I got up and went and called. I couldn't believe that. But almost every game that I watched it would come right down to the end. We would be ahead. But then in the fourth quarter they'd let them get up there either with them or right ahead of them. <SEP> And it'd come right down to the end. And either we made it or we didn't. And it was something else. I said this is the most. If we had a quarterback this year we would have went to the Super Bowl. There's no question about it because everybody was playing good together except the quarterbacks. And the quarterbacks just didn't do anything. <SEP> That's the guy that counts. But maybe we'll get your guy. I don't think Jim Kelly is about to be swayed away from the Bills any time. <SEP>
sw3725.txt:. Your family have reunions on a regular basis? Probably once every five years. <SEP> Once every five years? You have got a pretty big family. And that is the hardest part about getting the stuff together. And everyone is spread out all over Timbuktu. <SEP> And you? We have a pretty big family. But most of us. I am originally from West Virginia. <SEP> Most of the family is right in what they call Tri-State area northern West Virginia eastern Ohio southwestern Pennsylvania. Most everybody is right in that area. That makes it a lot easier. A lot more convenient. That is why we only do it once every five or ten years. <SEP> Spec-. Because it is always that hard to get everyone together. They put one together for our family about once every June. It was on my grandmother's birthday. But she is gone now. That is kind of what happened with ours. That is why we have not had one in a long time. <SEP>. So to make one successful what do you all do. Do you all just start planning real far ahead of time? <SEP> Do you all start planning real far ahead of time? There is kind of a set pattern to it. There is. So the day it happens is ninety-eight percent of the planning usually. <SEP> We get together at the park and playground area of the Church I was raised in. And everybody brings lots of food. And some put up the volleyball net and sit around and tell stories and catch up and play volleyball all day and get really fat. Eat a lot. <SEP> It is a lot harder for us because like I said we are spread out. And so we have to plan really probably a year ahead of time so that everyone can start their vacation time. <SEP> Schedule vacation time. And. We usu-. Sunday afternoon or sometimes it has been on a Saturday afternoon. Usually it is Sunday afternoon. And most people do not have more than a couple of hours drive at tops to get there and back. <SEP> Is that one of your. Where I am calling from is southern Mississippi. So my wife and I have a bit longer ways to go than most. But you also manage to make them. <SEP> Actually we have only made one of them since we got married about four years ago. One of the family reunions. But we are both in school. So that makes it kind of tough. <SEP> They have been happening just after the summer semester starts. You can't really get away. Usually not. We managed to get to one. That was before I started school. And she took that summer off. But. Now that we have been talking about it I am kind of getting home sick now. <SEP> Because it has been over three years since I have been home to see my grandparents. My grandfather is the only one that is still around. <SEP> And my grandmother is the one that use to plan this stuff basically. So unless the aunts and uncles really get on the ball and put stuff together it is kind of. She was like the glue. So. <SEP> I understand. Where is home for you? Originally I was born in Missouri. But we have relatives scattered out all over Louisiana Mississippi here in Texas. <SEP> But it is harder for everyone to get home. Maybe this year you can find a more central location. But the majority of them are just like how you said in close quarters. So it is easier for us few stragglers to go home. <SEP> Then the majority of them are still in the Missouri area. Our family right now the most of it there is only a few stragglers with any distance. There is one cousin out in Colorado some cousins over in Phoenix. I got a sister over in Washington State. The rest of them are within a couple hours drive. How do you all communicate? to plan it and every thing. Do you all just call each other up on the phone and say this is the weekend we are going to do it. Or do you all mail out stuff? <SEP> That is pretty much it. It is going to be such and such weekend. And you all come. That is about it. And this is the standard pattern. It. Everybody brings their favorite dish. And somebody brings the volleyball net. Somebody brings a whole lot of ice for the watermelon. And. I guess probably the last one I went to I met so many people that I had not seen in probably over ten years. It was don't you remember me. And I am no. <SEP> Am I related to you? I know. I married your cousin's brother's uncle or something like that. Do you. Is that since. Do you have them every year? <SEP> Every year. And still you wind up meeting people you never knew you were related to. Let alone. <SEP> And. I think that is probably why our is probably so interesting is cause we don't have them that often. And then when we do and everyone finally does get together. It is after the.
sw3120.txt:. Did you go to college? <SEP> I did. And where did you go? I went to a small liberal arts college in Virginia. <SEP> It was Sweeper College of about seven hundred and fifty students. I had gone to a small school growing up. And a lot of my friends went to University of Michigan. But my parents were retiring in South Carolina when I graduated and were looking for a southern school and also U of M seemed overwhelming in size. And what about you? I went to the University of Minnesota. <SEP> You're from the Midwest too. I am. Where do you live now? I live in Texas now. Where are you? I'm in Texas. I'm in Austin. <SEP> My brother's in Austin. He lives Lakeway. He had moved. We're in Plano. And. I'm familiar with Plano. I visited once or twice. <SEP> Austin is so pretty. I really like it. I love it. I love it. I really do. <SEP> And your daughter is going to be a sophomore. That's correct. I have two daughters. But my oldest will be a sophomore. Because you live in Austin is she thinking about the University of Texas? She has her heart set on U T. <SEP> And having gone to the University of Minnesota I know what a big university is like. And one thing that I did this summer which I thought might benefit both my daughters is my youngest daughter got involved in band. And Baylor has a band camp. So she went for a week. And it was overnight. And they lived in the dorms. And I thought this would expose both of them to what it's like on a smaller college campus. And my oldest one just wasn't impressed at all with the idea of a small school. So I still think the exposure was good. <SEP> The reason I ask if you went to college is I thought. What were your selection criteria. Did you base it on what you wanted to major in or what you would feel comfortable with or what you could afford. Or there's all of these areas to look at in making the decision. And those were several that we did consider. My parents certainly didn't push but wanted me to look in the south. And because I had been in a small school they suggested that probably I. When I say small my graduating class had eighteen in it. <SEP> And so they suggested that I might want a smaller school because I was used to a lot of one-on-one or small group situations. Definitely. And I did pick it because at the time I was interested in majoring in biology. And I also wanted to spend one year studying in Europe. <SEP> I had had an A F S student from Germany live with us our senior year. How exciting. And we just thought that would be a wonderful thing. And I ended up majoring in French. One of the reasons I picked the school was because they had a strong science department. They also had a strong language department. And I'd always loved working with children. And I found that I couldn't fit everything in. But because I had had a fair amount of French going in I was able to do my year's study in France and able to take a lot of the other courses that interested me. <SEP> And so that was some of. That worked out very well for you. But. <SEP> Several of the things you mentioned were the things that our son has talked a lot about Texas A and M. But he thinks he wants to be a writer. And I don't think that. Then he should come to U T. <SEP> And really his graduating class will probably be in the neighborhood of eight hundred and fifty to a thousand. And so he's used to a bigger size. Large classes. <SEP> And because my brother is there he would have family close by. So there are advantages. But I also. Because I had so many friends who did go from our small school to University of Michigan which was so large. And they really felt like they were numbers. I went from a large high school to a large university. And I definitely felt like I was a number. You still. <SEP> It is a different feeling. But that was my only option. I just really couldn't look at anything else. That was the one and only thing I could really afford other than a junior college which I didn't want to do. So that's how my decision was made. But. That's certainly. Especially today with the cost of college. That is a major consideration. And I do feel fortunate that Texas has so many good schools. And even though Baylor. <SEP> And when you mentioned that we have friends who have children there who just love it. And for a private school it is not as expensive as most are. And it is a smaller size. And I do feel like there are a lot of options. It's. But I had been hoping some schools give. Even this year Jay had an aptitude test. What does. He hopes to be a writer. He thinks that's what he'd like to do. But he's really strong in math and science too. And we keep encouraging him to keep an open mind. <SEP> Does your daughter know what she'd like to do? She has interests that are just going in all directions. What she talks about a lot is theater which I think is. Bethany let's be real. She really is pretty unfocussed at this point. And I don't know. She's taken a lot of French. And she may end up doing something with that. And I am a single mom. So I've been. And I made the mistake of dropping out of college to get married. So I'm trying to have my children not make the same mistake. And I'm showing them if you're strong in math and science kiddos this is one area where women can make some decent money. <SEP> I'm kind of really putting the practical application and saying yet do something that you enjoy. By all means go get that piece of paper. Do you just have one son? <SEP> I see. It sounds like he's got some really good strong ideas of what he wants to do. But he has even. Now that he's in high school. And of course there is still time. But he's beginning to feel that as much as he enjoys writing he wonders if he can make a living at it. It's.
sw2648.txt:So this is an appropriate topic the day after Earth Day. So. What do you think is the main pollutants in the air? <SEP> I have trouble with the chemical plants and things like that I think they put off so much. And they're not regulated enough. That's me too. After. On channel thirteen they had some programs the day before. And I'm not sure that about yesterday we didn't really watch it too much yesterday. But the day before they had a lot of programs about the environment and how we're affecting the Earth and things by what we do as the people. And they mentioned sulfur and carbon dioxide a lot. <SEP> And that actually as our population increases and our number of cars increase per the population that's the problem. But also like you said the industry pollution. And their regulation that's placed on them it's better than it used to be. But it's incredible that they're not made to regulate the amount of pollutants that they put into the air. I just. I can't stand that. And I know for a fact that they get away with a lot that. They're supposed to be regulated because we have a Pillsbury plant in a town adjacent to ours. <SEP> And I know people that work there that. Of course you wouldn't think Pillsbury would put out certain chemicals. But they put out toxic chemicals there just in some of what they do to make their dough and to clean out the flour and stuff like that. <SEP>. It's incredible. And they said that they have a little creek that runs by them. And some of the people that work there have told me that when they have inspectors coming they shut down everything. And they clean up their act but on a normal basis that they're dumping things that they're not supposed to be dumping. <SEP> And I'm if they're getting away with it can you imagine. That's a Pillsbury plant. I can't imagine plants. <SEP> I wouldn't have thought that Pillsbury even had chem-. Those chemicals would not. They have chemicals that they use to refine their flours with and stuff to break the flours down. And then they also do testing there. And I don't. When you consider it's probably not radioactive. But toxic can be anything that's classified that can damage the Earth. <SEP> So there could be a lot of things that they could put chemical wise that they use to that they are testing with that they're dumping. In packaging. <SEP> And just. I don't think they do the packaging at this plant. But they do a lot of research. And they do a lot of the refining up there. Or. <SEP> I'm not really. What's it called when you do flour. I'm not. Only thing I can think is bleaching. But I don't know how they do the flour. <SEP> But we're on the southwest side of Houston. We don't have that much as far as aiming in the plants over on this the east side does. <SEP> We've got Imperial sugar. And they're right there on the creek also. And they've been there for years. And. But. You think about it. It's probably a lot easier to detect things that go into the ground than it is maybe to just. I'm not really sure. But I would think it would be easier to detect those things because you could detect them down stream or such. <SEP> Or you can do testing on the ground itself at that point. But when they pollute into the air and you've got movement through the air it's going to move a lot of that off. So I don't see how they can do some of the te-. Unless it just hangs there in places where it's a lot of pollution in Los Angeles or the bigger cities where it tends to get stuck there. <SEP> You know that you have a lot more particles in the air per particles in the surrounding community because it's not moved away. <SEP> But. I know that. I worry every now and then. We're still on a well water. We're not on city water. <SEP> And I think what if somebody's dumped something back there in the and no one knows about it and it sinked in through the ground and all that. I know out in some. I'm not sure. I can't remember the name of the county. It's where Stillwater is or sweet. I'm not sure. I know it. I think it's. I know we have a piece property there. It's called Dublin. <SEP> It's in Dublin Texas. I'm not really sure what the county. It's Stephen. Stephenville. Where Stephenville's at they've had a lot of problems because they've introduced a lot of dairies there. <SEP>. So they have a lot of cattle in the area. They've got per lot. They've got a lot of head of cattle because dairies they don't th-. It's not like it was a big ranch where they let the cow roam around free. <SEP> They've got to have them there to be able to milk them. And they. And I read in this article where one cow a day produces a hundred or so pounds of manure. One cow. I was my God. And they. And this thing says that people think cow manure is good for fertilizer. But when you get that much manure it says it becomes a real problem because it's not. When you buy cow manure at the store they've added stuff to it. And they've added humus and stuff that breaks it down. <SEP> And this article said that they've got a real problem that you've got toxins and bacteria in the manure that is. What it's doing is it's going through. They don't have a very deep o-. Their natural water. I forget what that's called with. It's like a spring water. <SEP> But it's below the surface. It's not very far down. And all this stuff is seeping through to the water. <SEP> And they're afraid that within a certain amount of years that their water in that town will be totally polluted. It will. And they won't be able to have any drinking water because they will have completely polluted so that there's too many toxins and bacterial growth. <SEP> And the gr-. And I'm my God just from them introducing dairy farms in that one county. <SEP> And the ground will filter some of it but not all of it. Not when you figure. I didn't realize one cow produces that much manure. And they were talking thousands cows in one little tiny area. <SEP> These are well fed. These are. You. <SEP> These are well fed cows. They are evidently. But evidently a normal cow produces that much too. But they're just so spread out on ranches and stuff that it's not a problem. <SEP> But when they get them in these tiny little areas they've got a real big problem. And they said that what they were doing was scraping it with bulldozers and stuff and taking it to these ponds that they had to filter it with. But the ponds because they've had so much rain in the past few years they just overflow. <SEP> And they overflow into the creeks and stuff in the area. So that just creates. There's. And it was just disgusting. It said the creeks will foam. People stand outside their houses and watch the creeks foam brown and all. <SEP> That's bad. And I'm just. And the smell is really bad they sa-. I was going to say the air pollution alone there just from a hundred pounds of cow manure was going to be bad. But I don't know. It really frightens me though as far as thinking of just air pollution itself. And channel thirteen they're really emphasizing the problem with acid rain. <SEP> If we keep putting that stuff into the air and if we keep creating the problem and not doing anything about it it's really going to be a problem for the Earth what the Earth is receiving back because how can you tell where it's going to come down at. <SEP> And then cutting the trees that bothers me. As far as the. The rain forest and all. <SEP> We've been wanting to. Not me. But it's been suggested that we cut a few of the trees down here. I'm no. For what's cut down here more will be cut down someplace else. And it will just take that longer to grow back. And trees help so that. I don't. They do because carbon dioxide they use that where we can't synthesize it. <SEP> And they're synthesizing it for us. Believe me it's just so much better. <SEP> So. I knew. I think there's lots that could be done to improve how things are done now. I think we just have to. I don't know personally. I suppose if you just make sure your car is working properly. And yo-. They're suppos-. Nowadays they have the emission controls on them. But I think the main thing is just keep on your legislator's back as far as. Seems like they've only just really started as far as the environment saying we're really going to get involved. <SEP> It's really becoming a problem. By the year two thousand there will. What are we going to have. What kind of results are we going to have for the environment. And what will we.
sw2938.txt:. Do you have a bunch of factories and stuff out there? We've got quite a few actually. What we're more concerned with is the inner pollution in the city. The. <SEP> We've actually had some warnings in Raleigh on air pollution. You mean for smog and stuff? <SEP> Because of there so many cars. And we have a belt line around Raleigh where we're trying to divert traffic. And it's just surrounding the city. And you can actually see it. There's a couple of tall buildings in Raleigh. <SEP> And you can actually. They're blurred. They're even dark. And what it is is the pollution. What do you think of the greenhouse effect that's going on? I guess that's the fluorocarbons. <SEP> And. That's causing the hole in the ozone. That's very serious. We're even feeling the effects of the weather from the shift in the jet stream. It is scary though isn't it? <SEP> The last two years our winters have been absolutely nothing. Maybe one snow. North Carolina. That's up there by Kentucky isn't it? <SEP> Kentucky? North Carolina is all the way on the east coast. <SEP> It's further west than Georgia. It's right below Virginia. Kentucky's next to Virginia I'm pretty sure. I'm from Kentucky. I should know. But I don't. I'm sorry. But Kentucky we use to have just real cold cold winters. <SEP> And we'd have three and four feet of snow. Course here in Texas they don't have snow. They don't know what snow is. They freak out when there's snow on the ground. Originally I'm from Texas. So Amarillo. So. Amarillo? <SEP> That's close to here. Real close. How long have you been in Raleigh? <SEP> I've been out of Texas about ten years. How old are you? Twenty seven. I almost forgot my age. We're the same age. <SEP> I forget my age all the time. So that's okay. I think it's just something that goes with the territory. But to me Texas and Kentucky we had to have ice on the ground for them to close school. <SEP> In Texas if it gets cold and it looks like it's going to rain I swear they close everything down. I just laugh. I do. They get. And traffic slows down to nothing. <SEP> Actually they've been doing the same thing here. It's kind of funny. I guess northerners are different. But even North Carolinians they don't know how to handle cold weather. No northe-. I'm from the north. That's why I said in Kentucky we. I don't know. You just get used to the weather. And of course the people down in south they're not used to cold weather and stuff. And it just. I don't know. I just laugh. Every time they have snow on the ground everything's closed up. <SEP> And you can have snow on the ground and not be slick on the road. That's true. But. <SEP> Do you all have much pollution there? Not really. Not to see it. Of course T I is here Oscar Mayer. And there is a few factories. But I don't see much pollution going on. <SEP> What irks me is these cars that are driving down the road. And you have that black smoke coming from their tail pipe. They have a test or something like that. <SEP> And that's supposed to cut down on it. <SEP> Supposedly that's supposed to catch it. But I'll tell you what. And even these buses it real bad. These buses in Raleigh. School buses and the commercial buses. <SEP> School buses are notorious. They're burning that diesel fuel is what it is. And it gets bad. <SEP> You know what they've started doing is instead of the tail pipes being at the bottom of those buses they've started putting them up at the top. And that way it gets above other cars on the road. That's a good idea. <SEP> And it really does make a difference although it settles. Even if it's at the top and it's a lot of black smoke coming out it still settles. And if you're going to be jogging on the side of the road that's even more miserable. I'd have to go out to the country to jog. The pregnant women aren't supposed to walk along a highway because of that smoke fumes. I didn't know that. When I was pregnant with my first little boy I had read it. Because I was walking back and forth toc-. Not back and forth. I was walking home from the college I was going to in Kentucky. <SEP> And I was having to walk along the highway. It was just one day a week. But it was in. I have no sense of smell. So I couldn't smell this. But it would make me sick. And I'd be real tired anyway just from walking along the highway. <SEP> That's bad. But. It's. All the exhaust. That was four years ago too. It's probably a lot worse now. <SEP> I'm sure. You can really feel it in your breathing even normal people. And if you're older you can really deplete your oxygen. And it'll pass out. <SEP> And it's killed several people. Do you smoke? Actually I just smoke one in the evening if that. So I'm a very very light smoker. It's kind of l-. <SEP> It was kind of funny. They were doing some ozone testing the E P A. And they were just screening some candidates. And I don't think I'd ever do that. But they asked me if I was a smoker. And I didn't fit into the smoker's category. And I didn't fit into the nonsmoker's category. I was just one of those. Because you do smoke one a day. In between people. So that kind of threw them off. <SEP> But they're doing a lot of research here the E P A. For the air pollution. For ozone and all that. They're real big into it. They've got Research Triangle Park here. And they're just doing a lot of stuff. But they. I don't hear much about it down here. Course Texas we don't have a bunch of pollution. <SEP> But too we've got that air coming in off the coast. And it'd blow it up north. <SEP> So maybe that's part of the reason it's not so bad down here. But. It would seem like it would be the same way on the California coastline wouldn't it? <SEP> I think I would hate to live in California the smog there. I can't believe they have warnings here which it's mainly just when it gets real real hot. But they usually have that everywhere because of the humidity especially. <SEP> That's kind of good to know. Because I thought I lived in a halfway decent area. I think they do that for most everybody. Especially it's usually for the young children and older old people. <SEP> You ought to come to North Carolina. It's a big change. It is? <SEP> There was no trees where I was from in Amarillo. And here they've got the mountains the beach the trees. They've got streams rivers ponds. <SEP> It's really pretty here. This is pretty wooded area down here. So. Is it? In a lot of parts. I know Texas is supposed to be flat. But down by the Denison Dam there's a lot of. <SEP> Sherman and Denison. Do you know my grandparents live in Durant? They do? <SEP> They live close then. Real close. I go there. In Durant Oklahoma? <SEP> You go where? you go to visit them? <SEP> We used to go fishing in Lake Texoma. Down by Lake Texoma there's a bunch of wooded area. This. But Kentucky's beautiful. They've got trees. And trees are supposed to purify. You know what the best indoor purifying plant is for smoke and stuff? It's a philodendron. <SEP> It's supposed to filter the air for you in your home. I'm going to have to get some. I had one. My husband bought it for me when my daughter was born four months ago. <SEP> Do you smoke? I do. Do you? I do. <SEP> Did you smoke when you were pregnant? I did. I couldn't make myself quit. I did cut down a lot. <SEP> I can understand that actually. I've got one vice. And smoking is it. I don't drink. And I try not to cuss. And I do very little. And smoking I got in the habit of it when I was about thirteen. <SEP> One thing I miss is the people from Texas are. I miss their morals their values and everything. It's. We're down here at the Bible belt aren't we? I wasn't saved until I got down here. And people down here are just. There's so many Christians. And it's so different from Kentucky. But. How'd you get involved in this research? I worked at T I for a while. But then my brother-in-law works there. And he got me into it. <SEP> I see. How'd you get into it? I was taking a voice I O class and actually doing some research. And so they told me about this project. It's fun. I like talking to new people. <SEP> And a couple of times I've been interrupted by my little girl. I've had to hang up and stuff. But I enjoy it. I talked to people from Carolina up in Boston and New York. <SEP> Boston is New York isn't it? Boston's above. Boston Massachusetts. <SEP> But I've talked to people in New York. But I've talked to a lot of people in Texas. I guess it's because T I -s down here. I've talked to a lot of people in Texas. I had one call actually from Charlotte North Carolina and Virginia and. I can't remember where all. From up north like you said. I think one was from Boston. With Boston I love their accent. <SEP> I do. I love the Boston accent. I met a girl from Boston one time. My husband was in the service. So we went from Kentucky to Louisiana down here to Texas. And his family's down here. <SEP> We're out of the service now. I bet you're glad. He got out of his unit right after Panama. He went to Panama when Noriega was doing all that. <SEP>. And he.
sw3607.txt:So what kind of home repair work have you done? Done a little repair on the shingles on the roof recently. We've had a lot of wind around here. Been pulling them up or just loosening them until the rain came in? <SEP> It looks like I'm going to have to get up there again because we may have a leak. Are you in the section of Texas that's been getting so much rain? We've been getting quite a bit maybe not quite as bad as some of the folks down around San Antonio. But I'm right. Plano's just north of Dallas. <SEP> And there are parts of downtown or near downtown Dallas that are under water right now I guess. I saw on the news. But you're probably about halfway across the state from San Antonio though aren't you? We're north and about eighty to a hundred miles south of the Oklahoma line I guess. <SEP> But you're still getting a good bit of the rain though. We did have a little bit of rain yesterday. So far we haven't had any today. And I suppose that means I should be getting up there to look at that shingle. But I had something else planned today. <SEP> So I guess I'll let it go awhile. Is it asphalt shingles. Or. They're. They're wood shake. That should be a lot of fun. <SEP> Did you put them up originally or just going up and stopping leaks in them? I. As a matter of fact we've never had a leak actually yet. This. We just bought the house last year. And just before we took possession of it we had a fellow go up there and do whatever needed to be done on the shingles. So I've just recently had to start looking at it myself. <SEP> So it's a small problem so far. But I guess you just have to keep on top of it. What kind of roof do you have? We're in campus apartment buildings with flat top. Then you don't have to do too much with it. Not too much. They're just tar and gravel treated flat top roofs. <SEP> Have you got pretty well pitch on that roof or is it pretty steep? It's pretty steep. Parts of it are steeper than others. What do you use to keep from sliding off that rascal? <SEP> You wear shoes with good traction and try to remember where you are at all times. I imagine I imagine. And remember to yell Geronimo if all else fails. <SEP> That would be just too much of a fall for me. Have you been. Was the house reasonably new. Or you been doing some remodeling work on it. It's actually just twelve years old now. That's pretty new house yet. <SEP> It. This part of the country. Actually they say that when the house is fifteen it's already old. But just take good care of it. Thing is. The main thing that we've had with this house recently has been some squirming of the foundation. We're just on a concrete slab. <SEP> But the soil right under this is a clay. And it. It's settling unevenly? Depending on its moisture content it either swells up or shrinks. And of course the soil right under the slab retains its moisture a lot longer. <SEP> And so during the dry season you have to water the foundation to keep your foundation from drooping. <SEP> But anytime there's a change in the weather like drastic changes in temperature or in moisture you get little spider web cracks all around windows and doors. That sounds like a lot of fun. Usually what you do is just wait until you think it's stopped. And then you patch them up. What is it stucco walls or. <SEP> It's all drywall. Drywall. I think with. Wood framing? <SEP>. But somehow or other that does manage to show these little cracks. I don't know quite how that works. Maybe it isn't drywall. I don't really know. They plastered over drywall. <SEP> I think it is. I remember my parents home is drywalled and then almost like a small grade stucco type plastering over the drywall to give it a textured sort of a look. I expect that's what it is. And made for kind of a hard shell on the drywall. <SEP> I think that's the way this is done. Fortunately we haven't had any real big holes in it yet. So I. That's good. That would be terribly terribly exasperating to have the slab floor swelling and giving like that. The previous owner had a major problem with it because probably a variety of things. His neighbor used.
sw3514.txt:We're supposed to talk about vacations. What kind of vacations do you like? I haven't been to many places. But I have a opportunity to go to Paris France with my friend in April. Her family lives there. And she's only been there once. Her grandmother lives there. <SEP> So I'm praying I get to go. That's great. It will be probably the most exciting place I'll ever get to go. <SEP> Have you ever been to New Mexico? Actually. <SEP> Why have you? I was curious. I was just wondering what it was like. I have been to Europe once and to Haiti and. Tahiti? <SEP> Tahiti. Haiti. Haiti. <SEP> Where is that? It's in the Caribbean. And it's the western half of an island. With the eastern half that's the Dominican Republic. <SEP> And I was down there with a program from the college that I went to where we would just spend three months in a foreign country most of them third world countries. And study the language and then do a little service project. <SEP> That turned out to be a really good experience for me. What did you do when you were in Europe? I went there when I was in high school actually. <SEP> And I mostly went to Germany and visited some friends of my family and hung out with them worked a bit on one of their farms and also went to a youth camp. What did you do on the farm? Not that much. Just. Are you just kind of. <SEP> I wasn't a great asset to them or anything. But I drove a tractor helped them weed beets and that sort of thing. <SEP> And I went to a youth camp that included working at an old people's home. And that was pretty interesting. And while I was there I visited my aunt and uncle who were staying for their vacation in France in Nantes which is on the west coast right across from England. Where in France are you. Paris. <SEP> Paris. And how long do you plan to be going for? Two weeks. Last time she stayed two months. But we're only going to stay two weeks. <SEP>. And. We're going to take a cooking class there. So that might be fun. <SEP> A what? Cooking class. French cooking. <SEP> And what else are you planning to do if anything? Museums. Go to museums and. Do you go to museums in Europe? <SEP> Actually. I don't think I went to any of them. The closest thing I did was go to some restored castles and stuff. There is some on that west coast of France. And I went to a vineyard or two in Germany. That's neat. <SEP> That was nice. So. What about. Have you ever been to Hawaii? I haven't. <SEP> Have you? <SEP> I'm wanting to go there. Where have you gone first? Where have I gone that's anywhere. <SEP>
sw3320.txt:We're supposed to talk about crime in the city. And seems like all big cities have plenty of that nowadays doesn't it? <SEP> I. That's. I think it's. Statistics obviously vary greatly. I always thought of Dallas as being a fairly safe place. It is. But our crimes up here as I think it must be in most cities now. But I was listening to the news the other day. And they said they thought a lot of it the reason it was up so was because so many people are without work nowadays. Economy's so bad. Do you really believe that? It's been up every year for many years. And the economy hasn't been this bad for so long has it? <SEP> That's a good point. That's just what they quoted over the news. I don't know if I believe that or not. But it does seem up. And. <SEP> What kind of newspaper do you get down there? What kind? I think we got a pretty good newspaper. We have two the MORNING NEWS and the TIMES HERALD. <SEP> MORNING NEWS seems to have the largest circulation. I think it's a pretty good. It's a locally owned paper. The HERALD is owned by the TIMES out of L A or somewhere. <SEP> But. Do they play up the local crime angles. Or do they. They don't. Not really. They don't play it up I don't think. But there is too much of it too many homes broken into. <SEP>. We had our fact about. Last year sometime our home was broken into. <SEP> We. So this is a topic of personal interest. We. I didn't think ours ever would be burgled. But so many in our neighborhood had been. And because we live on a corner and back up to a real highly traveled main street. <SEP>. But we were so. <SEP> So you saw this happening in your neighborhood. And you figured it wouldn't happen to you. Sort of. And I never did get a security system. But since that happened I certainly have. What kind of system do you have? It's just a standard. With all the doors and the infrared motion detector. <SEP> Pretty standard. Is this one with some company that services you and takes your calls and all that stuff? <SEP> It's monitored and all that. <SEP> And. Is that a necessary feature to have somebody at the other end of the line. Or is it enough just to have a thing that makes loud noise? I think the thing that makes a lot of noise would suffice. <SEP> I really do. But this deal that was part of it for three years or so to pay the unit off or whatever. <SEP> But it. The monitoring is not that bad though. Because we've goofed it up. Several times you'll hit the wrong key not intentionally or something. And they call back pretty quickly. So I think it's all right. But I. To answer your question I think that is a pretty good deterrent in itself. Whether it. <SEP> So you got a sign up there that says you got this alarm system. And what if a burglar comes along and cuts your phone line? It's got a back up system that doesn't work supposedly. That if it's cut supposedly it notifies them anyway. Supposedly. <SEP> How does it do that? Who knows. But that's a selling point. And I think it probably does these things supposedly pretty good. They sure advertise so many of them nowadays. <SEP> But don't you all have a pretty high crime rate up there? I'm not saying it's any higher than anybody else's. Down here we seem to. Or not here. But the statistics seem to say that. I don't know. <SEP> I think it's the murder capital of the country now. Is that right? I would gather probably from drugs. <SEP> And I think that's the reason it's so high everywhere. But I don't think there's anyplace. Used to. Years ago you thought these little small cities and all wouldn't have that problem. But they do. <SEP> We've had relatives that their children were just as involved in it as anyone. So what's the solution? That's a good question. I don't know. I don't know what the solution is. I really don't. <SEP> And all these politicians make hay over being anticrime. But they haven't seemed to have changed anything. <SEP> Th-. And nothing seems to change. And I'm not sure that anything will because if something could happen to make these people not want to buy it. But they want to buy it. So. <SEP> Supply and demand. Long as somebody wants to buy it somebody going to provide it for them. So I don't know what the solution is. I really don't. I don't think anyone does in fact. <SEP> What.
sw3096.txt:How do you view this whole subject? Are you one who feels like you have benefited from the change in roles in women? Or what do you think? <SEP> I. I think so. There's been a lot of changes. I think there's still a lot to be made though. I think so. <SEP> Are you someone who works outside your home. Or have you. I work for T I. <SEP> Have there been significant changes in the employment place especially at T I. Has anything in particular changed that you have noticed? During your time there. <SEP> I guess there's more women in what would be classified as a man's job. What kind of work do you do? <SEP> I am a drafter. I am in a man's job. <SEP> But we have got more women in it now. There's a lot of us in it. <SEP> In years past in fact even the word drafter has changed. Because it used to be they were draftsman. <SEP> We have some engineers that still on. The drawings that they mark up for us they put draftsman. And I want to scratch it out and put drafter. But I thought I am not going to do that. Maybe not. <SEP> When I was in college. I graduated from college with my bachelor's degree in nineteen sixty-four. And I was a math major which was a real rarity among women at that time. <SEP>. So I was in a lot of classes where I was either the only girl or one of just a very few women in the class. <SEP>. So that was a change. And even I did not use my math in my work. I became a technical writer. <SEP> But even so there were very very few women in technical writing. But that has changed a lot. <SEP> In recent years it has just really changed a lot. And I think that the one thing that I have seen is that more and more women are getting into management. <SEP> But I think they have got a long way to go. There was something on T V the other day that said that fewer than one or two percent of the chair persons of the board are women in this country. <SEP>. And I thought that that's a pretty significantly small number. <SEP> So there are some strides to be made there. But I do not know. I think we have come a long way actually when I think about when things were like just when I was in high school and how it is now for girls. <SEP>. <SEP> And I guess my one bad thing is that I wish my mother had had some of those opportunities because I think she would have succeeded in a lot of ways that women were not able to succeed in her generation. <SEP> Do you. <SEP>. <SEP>. Do you have children? I was going to say do you have daughters. That's always a good question. <SEP> Do you? In fact I have a daughter who just graduated in civil engineering from college. Wonderful. Although there were some other women in her class she was one of the minorities females in the class. <SEP>. <SEP> So she definitely entering into a male profession. But for instance there is the organization the Society of Women Engineers. <SEP>. So that is recognized as a place where women should be. <SEP>. But I do not know. You see it in church where more and more women are becoming ministers. In protestant congregations. <SEP> And it will be interesting to see if Roman Catholicism ever recognizes women in the role of priest. I do not know if you are Roman Catholic or what you know about that. <SEP>. I am not either. But that is one area that I can see might change but I really doubt will change. <SEP> Not for a long time anyway. Probably not. <SEP> What in particular would you think other than the work place where women still are being found wanting or not as highly regarded as men would be. I was just trying to think. I know something. Maybe you could te-. Tell me what you think about this. <SEP> The role of women in combat roles during the war? Because I know that now there they want the armed forces to recognize that women can serve in combat roles. <SEP> And the only branch in the armed services that seems willing to do that is the Air Force. And I spoke because women were flying missions in the Persian Gulf war. <SEP>. But I know some of the other services do not think that women are capable of doing the job. It was real interesting. I was listening to some of the comments on television the other day about it. <SEP> And one of the men who was a. I do not know if he was a general or what his rank was very high. He said it's just a personal thing with me. I can not tell you why I feel this way. But I just would rather have a man doing some of these jobs than a woman. I thought at least he was honest. But that does not sit very well with a lot of folks I am sure. <SEP> There's some men out there that are more feminine than most women. Neil as far as I am concerned the only one area where a woman could not do it is if she just physically did not have the strength to do something. <SEP> Because mentally and emotionally I think women can handle a job and every bit as well. I do too. So anyway it's still. <SEP> And if she wanted to go to combat I do not see that they should stop her. <SEP> I personally would not want to go. But. I would not either. I agree. But I am sure that there are women who would relish that kind of job. So I guess that should be taken into consideration as well. <SEP> <SEP> This is an interesting topic. I have. Having a daughter who has gone into engineering I sort of watched progress to see if she did anything differently than I did. <SEP>. She's a lot more forthright about her opinions and a little more assertive than I think I was. <SEP> So that's progress I guess. I have enjoyed talking with you Lisa. And have you talked with a lot of people in this project. <SEP> Same here. Or. I am not at home a lot. <SEP> I am at work right now. I put my work number. But at home the recorder gets my calls. <SEP> Usually I am not there. But I probably talked to seven or eight people. That's great. <SEP> That's good. I personally have not made any calls yet myself. It never crosses my mind. <SEP> But I enjoy receiving them. That's good. <SEP> That's good. Because I guess I placed all but one or two of my calls. And only because I going to make some money. <SEP> Our choir is doing this as a money raising project. We got the connection through a T I church member. <SEP> And so we are doing it to raise money for a large project at church. So I feel like this is one way I can contribute that's not too painful. Financially painful anyway. <SEP> That's wonderful. <SEP> It's just real nice that way. So I thought I will just get on the stick and do it. That's great. I will say good-bye to you. <SEP> But I have enjoyed the conversation. Thanks for calling. Thank you. <SEP>.
sw3142.txt:I guess I enjoy eating out here and there. Or it's a good change from cooking and eating at home. And I guess I like a variety of restaurants. Sometimes it's fun to go out and just have a hamburger and french fries and sort of a hamburger and french fry meal. And sometimes I enjoy going out having a formal meal. <SEP> And sometimes it's nice to go out and have a salad. Something. <SEP> Do you usually go out with the children or without them? A variety. I like to go sometimes without them. And sometimes it's okay to take them along. So. <SEP> Sometimes I think we pay the baby-sitter as much as paying for their dinner or lunches. So it just varies. We do a mix. Sometimes it's really nice to be able to go out and eat with just my husband. And it wouldn't even really matter which restaurant it was just to have a moment of peace and quiet without little ones at the table. <SEP>. So I guess actually there are times I even say don't sit us next to a table with other children. <SEP> This is our night out. But anyway where do you like to eat? <SEP> We don't have any children. So we tend to like to try all sorts of different things. And we're very attracted to exotic food. <SEP> And we like Indian food and Thai cuisine and sort of gourmet Mexican and things like that as well as Tex-Mex and Italian and Chinese and things of that sort. Of course we like to occasionally go out and get down and dirty with barbecue or hamburgers or something like that too. And we probably go out one to two times a week. <SEP> And we're pretty much regulars at an local Italian restaurant. Which one do you like? Momo's. It's been a long time since we've been in there. But it's good. There's an Italian restaurant over by Plano Parkway there. Pas-. <SEP> Is it Campari's or something? I've heard about it. I haven't been in there. It's good. My husband had been in there several times. And actually we went in there for lunch one day. <SEP> And their pastas were great. That's one of the things a good pasta means a lot to me. I like different kinds of food. So when we go out I'm always looking for something other than the standard menu even if it's a Mexican Restaurant something other than the standard tacos enchiladas tamales and fajitas. <SEP> You're brave. And once in a while things backfire. We've gone for Romanian food and Lebanese food and things like that. <SEP> And I'm not fond of some of those things. But we'll try anything. Ethiopian we've had Ethiopian. And not in Plano of course. I don't think so. <SEP> But we really do enjoy going out. And I'm pretty adventurous in cooking too which also occasionally backfires. Even though traditional it can backfire. I think we're supposed to say what will bring us back to a restaurant or what attracts us to a restaurant. How do you usually find a new restaurant? My husband he's the ethnic fan. So he's. I don't know. You know what we read the D MAGAZINE. <SEP> So do we. We check that and the Friday section in the newspaper the pull out section there. They often do ratings of restaurants. So. <SEP> We often save those and ventured out on from there just for something that had a high rating. We have found a number of restaurants either through D the Friday paper and sometimes the OBSERVER. Which my husband usually picks up. And also through coupons. <SEP> When a new restaurant opens up they usually send out coupons. That's right. <SEP> And when they say buy one get one free. It's hard to resist. <SEP> So we'll go in. And very often we'll find a place that we like. And we'll stick with it. Once they no longer give coupons. We'll stay there. <SEP> But we've found probably half of our sort of regular restaurants through coupons and the other half through the newspaper reviews. We use the coupons too. That's true. That's true. <SEP> It's wonderful particularly if you have more than two people and you've got four or something like that. It's very expensive to go out to eat. That is really one of our. It's almost a hobby with us. I think that that's ex-. <SEP> Sometimes I think going out to eat it's sort of a recreation. Just a change of pace from eating at home. <SEP> So anyway. I guess as far as service when we go out it's nice to have someone come and wait the table. And clear the table and. <SEP>. <SEP> And do the dishes. And do the dishes. And actually it's kind of nice to. I always. A waitress or waiter that waits the table it's nice that they're attentive. But it's not nice when they're too attentive. We've had experience with that too. So. <SEP> My sister who also lives here in Dallas tends to chat with waiters and waitresses and become their best friends during the course of dinner which drives me absolutely batty. How we. But. It may help their tip may not. <SEP> What's your favorite restaurant? I guess just in Plano I like to go to Souper Salads. Chili's is always fine. <SEP> I guess if we go into Dallas we like the Routh Street Cafe. We've never been there. You would like it. <SEP> And that's supposed to be wonderful. You'd like it especially it you're adventuresome. <SEP> We've taken people there several times. And they have a good choice of things that are very different sounding. I guess it's whether you call it Southwestern. But we had venison chili one time. Which was absolutely wonderful. And then I guess it must be seasonal. And we've been back. I guess it's in the winter season. They've never had it when we've been back. <SEP>. But you ought to try that. It's very good. I would probably like that. One or two times in my life I've ever had venison I've loved it. But it's just not. I don't know people who hunt. So. <SEP> That's supposed to be a wonderful place. Here in Plano we tend to go to Momo's fairly often. And sometimes we'll go. We also go to Chili's and Colter's Bar B Q. And there is a little Thai place that's over on Park that we go to. My husband particularly likes that. We go into Dallas a lot because we're both were from the Richardson North Dallas area up until fairly recently. <SEP> And we'll go down to Blue Mesa Grill. And. That's good. I've been there.
sw3798.txt:Michael what do you think about funding for AIDS research? Do you. That's something I've thought a lot about. <SEP> I work in a hospital. And I've worked in the hospital for fifteen years. And I've taken care of a few AIDS patients. <SEP> When they asked us did we want to keep it the same or spend more spend less I think right now what they're spending is adequate. For my personal opinion. Because I think it's something that's going to take them a while to come up with a vaccine for. <SEP> I don't think it's going to be that easy to come up with. <SEP> Or I think they already would have by now. So I don't know if spending a lot more money would really make any difference right now. I think they're doing as much research as they can possibly do. <SEP> And what about you? I guess I'm not too aware of how much they're spending right now. I'm not either. <SEP> I'm definitely not aware of how much. That's something I've never really kept up with at all. <SEP> I'm not sure. I. Go ahead. I know I've always thought more about the disease rather than the research. You know what I mean? <SEP> And that sort of thing. If we were talking about the money I'd just have to say what they're spending is probably enough simply because I don't know that much about it. <SEP> I can see that research is needed. And. Definitely. <SEP> I think so. I think so. It's becoming a major problem. But. I guess the area that I think more about is I would like to see them focus on preventing it in more. <SEP>. <SEP> That's true. That's true because it's such an easily preventable disease. And I feel like just saying safe sex is not the answer. <SEP> It's abstinence in certain cases. <SEP> It's definitely not. And. That's true. That's true. <SEP> And knowing. Myself I'm about to get a divorce. <SEP> And course I'm not all ready to just run out there and start dating everybody I can or anything. But it's sort of scary to find yourself single again. <SEP> And because you never know what's going to happen. You don't know who you're going to come across. Course I'm not going to want to go and have sex with everybody I see. <SEP> But it's something you got to think about these days. A single person. <SEP> And it certainly changed my attitude about that in a hurry. <SEP> And. I think for a lot of people it has. Certainly. <SEP> But I know that in some of these larger cities they're passing out free syringes and all of that sort of thing so that the drug addicts won't be getting dirty needles and everything. <SEP> Drug addicts. <SEP> And I don't know. I don't think that's a bad idea. <SEP> I know it sort of doesn't address the problem of drug addiction. It just sort of keeps that going. <SEP> But I don't know. At least drug addiction can be treated whereas AIDS so far can not be. So I don't know. I think that's. I'm not too much against the passing out of the free syringes myself. <SEP> I don't know. What do you think about that? That's a hard issue. It really is. <SEP> It really is. It really is. They gave us a hard topic. I definitely think that it's the drug problem that needs to be addressed. But as you say people in the meantime. Someone who's not ready to give up drugs. <SEP> That's true. <SEP> That's true. If they're perpetrating the AIDS problem passing that on to each other then. <SEP> I guess if you consider the two problems drug addiction and AIDS AIDS would have to come first as far as something to do about it. <SEP> So I don't know. Course there's so many things in the world where if you solve one problem you may be creating another. <SEP> So I guess you just have to take the two problems and see which is worse. Which is the most important to solve at the time. And. <SEP> I don't know. But I've never looked into how much money they're spending. I have no idea. <SEP> And I know a lot of our tax money goes to that. But I really have never looked into it. I have no idea. I haven't either. I've heard different voices speaking up and saying we're not spending enough. <SEP>. And Mostly that's what I've heard. <SEP> So I don't know. And yet I know it sounds like big money to me. <SEP> But it probably takes a lot. I think it is. <SEP> I think it is. It does every. <SEP> It seems to take more than for any little thing they do. It seems to take a lot more money that you would think it would. <SEP> But. Did you have any fear working in the hospital with that. That's one thing I've never really feared. <SEP> I. A lot of my family they fear me working like that and under some of those conditions. But I don't fear it at all. <SEP> I work in the operating room a lot. And of course when w-.
sw2439.txt:What kind of cars are you looking at? We've test driven the Oldsmobile Delta Eighty-eight and a Cutlass Supreme and a used Cadillac about three or four years old because I get married in a couple of weeks. <SEP> And I have two kids. And my fiancee has two kids. <SEP> So we need a car that's big enough for six. And so two weekends ago we went car shopping and looked around. <SEP> We found something interesting at Crest Oldsmobile Cadillac up there on Central Expressway. That in addition to getting a new car there they can get you a car that's new. But it's been a demonstrator model for two or three thousand dollars even cheaper than the best deal they can give you for a new car. <SEP> So they call this program cars. And they come with a new car warranty. <SEP> And it just seems to make sense to me to get the most car for your money to get something like that. That's a real good deal. In fact my dad recently got a Pontiac six thousand. And he got a demo. <SEP> And it's been a real good car. And it's like new. <SEP> And it only had very very low mileage on it. And so I think he got a real good deal. Of course they're fully loaded usually. <SEP> So I think it's a pretty good option. I think so too. The Oldsmobiles that you're looking at are they the demos. Or they used. Are they new. <SEP> The ones that we were test driving were the new ones there. They may be the demonstrator models that the sales reps drive around in. And then the Cadillac is definitely a used car. Or. <SEP>. The guy said it'd been on the lot about thirty minutes. He says it'll probably be gone in a done. And it's probably gone by now. <SEP> Those things go fast. Of course we can't consider getting a brand new Cadillac because those are twenty-five to thirty thousand dollars. <SEP> But when they're three years old they're. The price already drops in half. So then it becomes more realistic. That's what I'm thinking about on my next car is do I want to get another brand new car because last two cars are brand new. <SEP> Or do I look for a used car that's maybe two three years old but that's low mileage and in good shape. But I kind of worry about getting a car that's that new with low mileage on it because you wonder why did the person that owned it want to get rid of it. Is it a lemon. Or is something wrong with it. <SEP> That's right. But I guess that's a risk you have to take. That's right. <SEP> You can reduce that risk by having the car checked out. If you're going to look at fifty different cars you don't want to do this. But if you've narrowed it down to one or two you can have the car checked at an independent service station and have them go through it from top to bottom and tell you if they can find anything wrong because they don't have any financial interest in it. <SEP>. <SEP> And then you'll have a realistic assessment of what you're getting. About how much do they charge to do something like that. Do you know? I'm thinking around twenty or twenty-five dollars. That's not bad. <SEP> It'd be well worth it if you're considering buying a car. To find out. I would think so. <SEP> I would think so. It's kind of hard for me to talk about buying cars because I just got mine paid off about a month ago. And I. Isn't that a good feeling. I don't want to think about buying a car for a while. I just want to enjoy not having any car payments for a while and enjoy watching my savings account get larger and hang on to the one I've got for a few years because it's almost four years old. <SEP> That's right. But it's still in great shape. I have a Mazda R X seven. What you can do is take your car payment and put it in the bank for three or four years. <SEP> And when you're ready to get another car just pay cash for it. I just about could really because I think my car. If I continue taking good care of it it's going to hold a pretty good resale value. <SEP> And if I consider going the used car route and save up some money I shouldn't have too much trouble at all. I would think that's true. Could you hold on for just a moment? <SEP>. I'm on a cordless phone. And I was picking up some background noise. So I just switched the channel up on it. I didn't want to interfere with whatever they're trying to record. That's fine. But I really enjoy the car I have now. And I do want to hold onto it and enjoy it while it's not having any mechanical problems whatsoever. <SEP> That's right. In fact it never has. That's right. And it's been kind of nice. And surprisingly enough after four years I'm not tired of the car at all. And I want to hang on to it while it's still being a good car and while I'm not tired of it and while I'm single and can handle a two seater for now and get that out of my system. <SEP>. <SEP> That's right. That's right. Because one of these days I'll be getting a six seater probably too. <SEP> Eventually. The first two cars I ever bought. I've bought three cars. And I've always bought them new. <SEP> The first car I kept for thirteen and a half years and got a hundred and sixty-one thousand out of it. <SEP> The second car I ever bought I drive to work now. That just turned ten years old. And I've got a hundred and twenty-two thousand miles on that. So that's kind of in the way I've done things is to get things that are new and then keep them forever. <SEP> But my car is using two quarts of oil a week now. About a quart every hundred miles. <SEP> But it runs fine. All you hav-. It's just very thirsty. If I just keep the oil in it seems to be okay. But that's a sign that I'm going to have to do something sooner or later. What kind of car is it? <SEP> It's a Buick Century. Are you going to trade it in on this new one. Or. My fiance is selling a nineteen seventy-eight Cutlass Supreme that she has. It's actually in better condition than my car. <SEP> And so she's going to get some money for that and take some money from the bank and then try to make as much down payment as possible to keep the monthly payment low. <SEP> So she's going to sell it rather than trade it in. That's probably the best thing. <SEP> You lose four to six hundred dollars a trade in. Or maybe more than that as I've learned. When I bought my R X seven best offer I got for my other car was twenty-five hundred. I turned around and sold it myself for forty-two hundred. So. <SEP> There you go. You can do much better. I'm glad you're taking care of it yourself. I think trading it in they just use that as additional. They may give you supposedly a better deal on your new car you're buying. But they just are going to give you that much less for your trade in. That's fact. What I think. So. <SEP> I think you're right. But strangely enough the best bargaining I had made with a dealer on my car was also the same place I got the best price trade in. Interesting. But it's a place in Arlington. And I think maybe as you get outside the Dallas area. I kind of. I bet you it's kind of what I decided. Maybe because it's outside of Dallas they are giving a little bit better prices. Plus I was going through that T I fleet discount program. <SEP> Did you use it at the car shop place. It's before they had that. I had gone over to Texins. And they had a little file where they said which dealers participated in the fleet program. <SEP> That's right. And what you could expect they said a five percent over cost and then options at cost and everything. <SEP> So I figured out a price based on that. That's good. But I guess I got a pretty good deal because I went back to the Town North Mazda right off Central and offered them the same price as what I knew I was going to be able to get it for in Arlington. <SEP>. And they said there is no way you can get this car for that price especially if we add on the equalizer and the cruise control. <SEP>. He said You're going to get a car that's got flood damage or hail damage. And they just laughed at me. And I went the next morning to Arlington. And they gave it to me for that price. And what's so funny. I knew they were going to pull it from Town North because that's where the white one was. <SEP> Is that right. And they had already told me We located one at Town North. So it was that same car. Unless you're selling car with hail damage and flood damage I got the car off your lot for that price. <SEP> And you laughed all the way to the bank. I did. And I laughed real hard when I took it in for the two thousand mile checkup. That they required you to do. And I took it to Town North. And sure enough I saw that guy. And he recognized me. <SEP> He said Dana. And he kind of looked down and saw that car. And I'm sure he probably knew what was going on the very next day. Of course when the place in Arlington went and took the car because I told him there's a place in Arlington that's going to give it to me for that price. <SEP> That's right. He said they're not. And the next day they pulled the white car and took it to Arlington. So I'm sure he knew. <SEP> Such a deal. I loved it. I sat there. And I just had the biggest grin on my face. I'll bet you did. It was kind of nice. <SEP> Dana it's been really interesting. I appreciate talking with you. Good talking to you too Don. Have a good evening. Good luck in your car hunting. <SEP> Thank you much.
sw3306.txt:Supposed to talk about boats. Have you got a boat? I don't. Do you? I don't. I've had one for quite a few years. But I've not had one the last couple of years. <SEP> But it's something I've always enjoyed. Do you like boating? I love them. But my children all have been grown for a few years. And we were using it less and less and less. So we decided to sell it. And. <SEP> I heard that's the second happiest day of your life. What's that? The day you sell your boat. I loved having a boat. <SEP> I loved having it. I just heard that. That's just a joke I guess. <SEP> First best day is the day you get and the day you get rid of it. But I'd like to have one. I just don't know if I'd have the time to use it. Guy just. He needs his weekends free to be able to use it or a day during the week or something. <SEP> But. I guess for the cost of them you don't really. It's hard to get. I don't know. I felt like I got my money's worth out of mine. I had bought it used and kept it ten years and got within three hundred dollars when I sold it of what I'd paid for it and had it all those years. So you take care of them they hold their value real well. <SEP> So you couldn't complain about that. Did you go fishing? It was a big boat big ski boat type thing. <SEP> I had a hundred sixty horse Murcruiser in it. Inboard outboard. I did fish out of it occasionally. But I'm not too much of a fisherman. <SEP> But I did enjoy owning a boat. I like to fish. Would recommend it to anybody. And now sailing I've never been sailing. Have you been sailing? <SEP> I've sailed some. I just like fourteen foot Sunfish. Nothing big. I've never tried. I've always thought I bet that would be more fun. But I'd want to be with a skilled sailor. <SEP> But it. They offer classes out at Ray Hubbard. I've always thought I'd like to. I've never wanted to bad enough to make any effort to do it. <SEP> And at this stage of the game I'm not that interested in it anymore. We go out with friends on the. We go to the lake just about every weekend down at Mount Vernon. And parents' next door neighbors have a big barge. <SEP> And we go out and take them out on their barge. They're getting kind of old. And they like us to take them out on their barge quite often. So we get out on the water occasionally. That's nice. <SEP> But anyway it's fun. I do enjoy the lake. But once the children were grown. And we'd go down there. And I'd get the boat out on Saturday. And we'd go for a ride and enjoy it so much. It's such a pretty lake down there. We'd enjoy it so much. And I'd say I'm going to leave the boat out because we'll probably do this again tomorrow. It got to where tomorrow the boat was still sitting there. And we never did go out again. And I'd have to go load it up the next day. And. Where is that? Mount Vernon. <SEP> Cypress Springs. Cypress Creek Springs. That's south of here? It's down at Mount Vernon. <SEP> It's probably the prettiest lake in the state of Texas. It's just a hundred miles from here. <SEP> What do you take I Thirty-five? You go down thirty. Thirty. It's east of here. <SEP> East of here. Hundred miles due east of here. And. <SEP> We just moved down here a couple years ago. So. Did you? Where did you all move from? Colorado Springs. Did you? <SEP> How are you liking it? We love it up there. <SEP> That's where I grew up. <SEP> But we like it down here pretty good. I think you'll like it better. But of course it's hard when you don't have any family around. We got two kids that are under two. <SEP> And it's kind of tough when my folks call and they want to see them. It's hard on your folks too. I know. They're all yours. And your wife's folks still live in Colorado? <SEP>. There are supposed to be some people moving down here from Colorado Springs for T I. <SEP> Supposed to be. That's right. Do you work at T I? <SEP> I don't. A friend of mine's dad was a program manager up there. <SEP> And he just moved down here to Mc-. What do you. I guess it's. He's working in McKinney. I don't either. My wife does. But it's a good company. But anyway we're supposed to be talking about boats. So back to boats. <SEP> Tell me the last time you went for a boat ride. Actually I went canoeing down the Brazos this weekend. That's boating. That had to have been fun. <SEP> It was fun. It was fun.
sw2107.txt:You said you have four cats? I have four cats. How old are they? <SEP> They range from about a year and a half to nine years old. I haven't had my oldest one quite nine years. I've had him probably five years. <SEP> You get so attached to them. I love my cats. I lost one one time. The first one I got. He jumped off the balcony actually of a second story apartment. <SEP> And he'd never been outside by himself outside. And it started raining. And I was hysterical. I was. You would have thought a child had died. <SEP> I called everyone I knew. I had every friend I knew in the apartment searching for this cat. I understand. And they laughed at me. They thought that was so hysterical. <SEP> I understand. We've gone through the same things with ours. They've been ill. I take off work to take care of my cats. My boss thinks I'm absolutely crazy. <SEP> And then we had a baby. And it's who comes first the cat or the baby. The cat was here first. So. I know. It's hard. And then when we go to sleep at night it's like my husband and I have to try to get any space on the bed because we have all four of them up there with us. How funny. <SEP> It's whose corners is this one. That's sweet. I have the two. The other two cats I have are outdoor cats. And they didn't used to be actually. But they got kind of wild and weren't doing very well inside. So I put them outside once I got a house. And they're doing great out there. They love it. But the first one I got he doesn't want anything to do with outside unless you're there. <SEP> Other than that he gets scared to death. If you shut that door he goes into hiding. I think it's from the time he jumped off the balcony. <SEP> That's it. And Lord knows what happened to him. He's probably been through all kinds of nightmares. Traumatized for life here. <SEP> We've. All four of ours are house cats. Are they. We started out with two outdoor cats. But our neighbor decided he didn't like cats and shot one of them. <SEP> He lived through it. I couldn't believe it. We went through twenty-two hundred dollars worth of vet bills. The cat almost died. But he turned out to be such a wonderful cat. He loves life now. I imagine. <SEP> And he's thank you so much. I wonder how many of his lives he missed when that happened. I know. We wondered about that. But that was a traumatic experience for us too. I can imagine. What did he shoot him with. <SEP> From what we can tell it was a pellet gun. And then he started chasing him with a bull whip. People are crazy. Absolutely nuts. But luckily enough we found the cat in time and rushed him to the vet. And it took us about six weeks of in and out of the vet and surgery. And tod-. <SEP> He started off as a stray. And then we did all this for him. But he's been a wonderful cat. I imagine. They usually are after something like that happens to them. It seems to mellow them or something. <SEP> But we wouldn't have them. I don't see us without pets without cats. They just fill this void. I keep talking about getting rid of my outdoor cats because I feel like I can't take care of them as well because they're outside. <SEP> And it worries me that one day one of them won't come back. And I feel like they need a big home a nice place where someone can have the time to play with them and things. But I can't give them up. <SEP> I go hysterical when they don't come home. And you worry about who's taking care of them. And every time you see one hit on the side of the road you say is that my cat. <SEP> And you go crazy thinking it might be yours. I didn't realize my husband was such a sucker for animals until I brought one home one night. I had one we had to put to sleep he got so sick. <SEP> And I fell in love with this Chinchilla Persian and brought him home. And my husband just died. <SEP> It was we can't take it back. We've got to keep it now. It's here now. We have to keep it. My first one that I got. I had just moved away from home and got my own apartment. It took me about two weeks to realize that was real lonely. So I found this one. And actually it was on a sign at Taco Bell drive-thru that said free kittens. <SEP> And I thought that's interesting. I'll call them. And he was the only one left. And his mother had been killed coming back across the road to make sure she'd gotten all her kittens. <SEP> And he was the last one she carried across. The whole big sad story. So of course I had to take him. I felt so sorry for him after that. <SEP> And you can tell he was weaned too young because he'll nurse on your ears and your fingers. He. I asked the vet why he did that. And he said he was probably weaned too young which he was because his mom was killed. So. <SEP> But he is the lovingest cat. People who don't even like cats like him. He never meows. He doesn't have any front claws. I had him declawed. <SEP> But he doesn't bite anybody. He's just kind of there real friendly and docile. That's good. We just love them. They get to feeling so lovey and dovey. And they'll come up and just start kneading in our chest. And it's your claws need trimming. We call that doing biscuits. <SEP> It looks like they're kneading bread. It just drives us nuts. I just love cats. I like dogs. They're okay. I had a dog when I lived at home. <SEP> But they're a lot more trouble than cats actually. They really are. The cats are so independent. And they have so much more personality than a dog. They do. <SEP> But they're so much fun to watch them play. They are. I love it. It's so funny to get more than one cat together because it brings out their personalities. And they just act so funny. <SEP> We've got. The two that were outside they're like brothers. I've never seen two cats so close. And they will get to playing chase through the house. <SEP> And it is hysterical. And then the other two cats will follow in pursuit. It's like this train. A train of cats running around. It sounds like a train. We have wooden floors. And so it just sort of echoes through the house. How funny. I can imagine. I wouldn't give anything for my cats. I love them to death. <SEP> They're wonderful. What are your cats' names. We have Bonzo Bear Poindexter and Felix. How sweet. <SEP> And what do you have. I have Xanadu and Precious and Rascal. Precious and Rascal are brother and sister. And they don't look a thing a like. Nothing. Precious is a medium hair yellow cat. <SEP> And Rascal is a black and white short hair. Nothing. They don't look a thing a like. <SEP> Not a thing. And they came from the same litter and everything. We have tortoise which is a black and orange. <SEP> And she's so ugly. So ugly she's cute. You can't help but love her. She's the oldest one but very possessive. <SEP> It's like nobody messes with her mamma. And it comes bedtime. And she's right there. Is she the oldest one? <SEP> She's the oldest. And she. In fact I got her when I moved out of the house also. And so. It's. Wouldn't have. If something happens to her. I know. It's like the end of the world. <SEP> It will be. I know that's how I am about Xanadu. You get so attached to them. <SEP> My mother has dogs. And I'm no. This is nothing like cats. You can walk a dog. And that's okay for weekend. But cats are good all the time. <SEP> I'm so glad my husband is a cat person because if he was a dog person it wouldn't have worked. It wouldn't have. That would be a problem. That's one of the requirements I asked him. I said you do like cats. We don't li-. Have you seen those. Do you ever read COSMO. <SEP> There was cartoon in COSMO about a year or two ago. And it had this man sitting on a couch with his date. And there were cats hanging all over him. Hanging on his clothes. They had ripped him up. And the couch was ripped up and down at the bottom. He said of course I love cats. And they were just all over him and sitting on his head the whole nine yards. It was so funny. <SEP> The whole time I was pregnant they kept saying are you getting rid of your cats. Are you getting rid of your cats. You can't be pregnant and have cats. I'm. Watch me. The child will learn to like cats. And deal with them. <SEP> I'm sorry. We are not getting rid of the cats. I wouldn't either. There'd be no way. The whole family was so disappointed. <SEP> That's life. That's how life goes. But. We just love them to death. I know. I love mine too. It's been nice talking to you. <SEP> It was nice talking to you too. I enjoyed it. Me to.
sw3876.txt:What are your opinions on recycling? I definitely think that we need to start recycling. I think it has got to be an individual responsibility until. I think if we wait which is happening until somebody says we have to do it it is going to be to late. <SEP> I have heard reports around here that the landfills will be full by the year two thousand. I have heard that too. And that is not too far away. But I don't know how it is there. It is very difficult here even if you care like I do to do much. I take my paper. I can take plastic and paper bags back to the grocery store. <SEP> And I can take plastic milk cartons or if they have water in them. And there are some fire stations I can take newspapers to. And that is very inconvenient cause I have to wait until I have enough of them to make the trip worthwhile. I started saving newspapers. And I would take a ton of them. And that's I can't remember where I went to take them. But they wouldn't take them. <SEP> It is real hard to find a spot. And then I don't know if you note even doing that the amount of trash we throw away is incredible. Bottles. I know. Glass. It could be recycled. But there is no place to. There is no really recycling facilities. <SEP> We have a pilot program in Arlington going on in the north part of the city where they have people separate the trash as they put it out. I think that is a good idea. And I think that is what it is going to have to come to. Where we are just forced to. Besides a law or whatever. An- that's how it is in New York isn't it. <SEP> I think so. Just because they have to. <SEP> And you get ticketed if you don't do it right. And I think it is going to come to that because some people will just not go to the. It's trouble for me to do what I do. <SEP> I am willing to do it. But. Plus you have to have a place to store all of it. And I live in an apartment. <SEP> It is very difficult. Our garage is always full of sacks of newspapers. And so I don't know. I think there needs to be more places. And also I have a real strong opinion. In Iowa the state I am from I believe it has gone up to a dollar now. Every time you buy a container no matter what it is whether it is glass whether it's a beer can or a fifth of whiskey or a pop or whatever you pay ten cents for it. <SEP> And then you take it back to the store. And you get it back. So that way it kind of forces you to recycle. You are forced to. And you also don't see the litter there. People just. That's true. <SEP> It makes it worthwhile to take it back. And I've just started drinking a new water called Clearly Canadian. I don't know if you've tried it. I have seen them. And they have on the ba- that they pay five cents. <SEP> And it even shows the states that. That take them back. Some of them are five some are ten cents. I am looking at it right now. Is Texas one of them? <SEP> Texas is not one of them. So I have to throw them away cause there is no place to take glass. I don't think that there is enough being done. I work at J C PENNY at their corporate headquarters. And we have a paper recycling program that is company wide. And I do the recycling for that. <SEP> Do they save the paper they use at the office paper. Because there is a lot of waste there isn't there. And I know there is a lot of computer paper that you can't use. <SEP>. But we use to have. I don't even remember the money that they've made from the recycling program. They have donated it to charities. <SEP> They have made a substantial amount of money from it. <SEP> Something else I think we can do is support companies that encourage. I have decided Downy Fabric Softener now has where you can buy a little carton. You add wa-. I image everybody else will start doing that sooner or later. But I am going to stick with Downey because they were first. <SEP> And I want them to have my business. And I think packaging could be done much better. There is so much plastic. But. I know. You see some of the stuff. And then when they come out with the new things you are why didn't you think of that before. And I think that it's just people have got to be aware. Unfortunately there are a lot of people that just don't care. And they don't want to think about it. That's true. <SEP> And I just look at it I don't want my grandchildren looking at me and saying why didn't you do something. I want to feel like I at least tried. And I don't know. It just may overwhelm us here when we run out of places to put it. Then we will be forced to. It may be too late. Do they not ever burn trash or anything like. <SEP> Very little. That's another thing that. There were no. Then that's pollution. I know Amway. I use a couple of things from Amway that it says this is burnable material. That doesn't do me any good because I don't have any place to burn it. I know. I guess you run into the pollution factor. <SEP> And then just like the glass bottles that it says on the bottle I can get ten cents but not in Texas. And there is no place I can take glass to. <SEP> So I still throw away a lot of glass. It is really sad. And then the packaging thing really grips me. You buy some. And it's got a great big piece of cardboard and a great big piece of plastic.
sw2896.txt:What kind of painting are you planning to do? I have wallpaper in both of my bathrooms right now which is really pretty disgusting. <SEP> And it's a rent house. And I decided it's too expensive to rewallpaper. So I decided I'm going to paint. And I've been buying some magazines and stuff and looking at different ways to paint. And I'm thinking about maybe sponge painting them. Either that or maybe rag rolling. To give it kind of a country look. What would be interesting. <SEP> I've never done any of those fancy kinds of paint treatments. But they look very interesting. And you get some beautiful effects with them. <SEP> One of the books that I bought where it's describing the sponge painting said you can layer different colors. And. I've seen that done where there's. I saw one that was kind on an ecru undercoat. And then it had a little bit darker sort of peachy color. And in between there was sort of a rust put on very sparingly. <SEP> And it gave the impression of very old weathered stucco. What I'm trying to do is I've got yellow tile in both the bathrooms. <SEP> So I want something that's going to tie that together. And I'm changing the the fixtures out to make them wood. I'm going to put wood in there. That should be nice. So it's going to have kind of a country look. <SEP> And I haven't even decided as far as what kind of paint to buy. I don't have an actual instruction book. So I'm really in kind of the beginning stages right now. It's going to be a big experiment. I was about to say you ought to experiment on at least a small part of it before you just tackle the whole thing. <SEP> Because you might find that it's beyond what you're willing to put into it. Although I think it could turn out really nice. <SEP> I've. I haven't ever done fancy painting. But I sure did my share of just regular painting. I've painted several houses inside. I never painted the outside. Inside. <SEP> What kind of paint do you normally use? We used a latex wall paint and then a semigloss enamel for the woodwork. And my job was mostly the woodwork. My husband would paint the walls and ceilings with the rollers. And I got to do all of the masking tape and then all of the little fine trim work where I'd use a small brush and try to keep the paint from dripping on the windows and things like that. <SEP>. Only one of our bathroom has a window in it. So I'm hoping that it won't be too much of a problem. <SEP> I'm wondering if my bigger problem is getting the wallpaper taken down first. Because I think. I was going to ask if you planned to paint over it or try to strip it. I'm planning on taking it off. I have heard that they've got these steamers you can rent now which make it much easier to get wallpaper off. <SEP> I tried to get wallpaper off once twenty years ago with just a scraper and wet sponge. And it took forever. I would not recommend that method. If you can rent a steamer if it's modern wallpaper it should come off without too much trouble. <SEP> That's something that's worthwhile checking into then. 'Cause I. If it's really old you don't know what it's put on with. It's hard to tell. It's. The patterns look like they're nineteen sixties style. <SEP> And I know the house was built around the mid fifties. So it may be the original wallpaper. Could be. If it's vinyl it should be easier to strip too. If it's paper it will probably shred. <SEP> In one bathroom it's probably paper. It's silver and yellow and white. The wallpaper that I was trying to remove was black. This was in a bathroom too. And the tiles were sort of a mottled grey and had a little trim strip of maroon and white. And the wallpaper in that bathroom had a black background. And then it had vivid almost neon colors of hot pink and turquoise and lime green and silver and a little bit of yellow that looked like coral sands and sea horses and things like that. <SEP> That's kind of an odd color for a bathroom. It was awful. It was absolutely hideous. And we had a dinner party before we started renovating it. And a guest went in there. And he said it's a good thing I went to the bathroom before dinner because if I had had something to drink and went in there I would think I was having hallucinations. After looking at all these design magazines and stuff I'm thinking about maybe painting the bedroom walls too in a color that will kind of tie in our comforter with a color that's kind of a burgundy and green and yellow and blue and beige floral design. <SEP> And I'm not really quite sure. I don't know if maybe I'm biting off more than I can chew. I'd say tackle one project first and see how it goes. And if you discover you like it then you can always upscale. <SEP> The bedroom would probably be the easier of the two because it would be just plain painting. It wouldn't be any kind of special effects type thing. <SEP> It would be just plain paint. It's not hard to do if you get everything prepared ahead of time. Because if you use drop cloths to cover everything and you use masking tape to trim out all the parts that you don't want to slop over onto you don't have to be quite as precise about how you do it. And it can be done a whole lot faster. And with rollers and modern latex paints. You can wash up easily because they're water soluble. <SEP> And they dry fast. So you really don't have to be disrupted for more than about a weekend. If you have some help. And then if you discover the little tricks and tips about how you get through corners and how you do trim and how long to leave the masking tape down because if you leave it too long and it dries it can flake when you pull it up. <SEP> It peels the paint off when you take it off. Not. If you leave it on for weeks it will do that. If you take it up the next day it should be fine. You want it to get dry but not just real hard. You don't want the gum on the back of the masking tape to get dried to hard. That's the problem. <SEP> It will come up a lot easier if you don't wait too long. And I was told. I always used the nice wide masking tape. But I've heard from people who tried to get by and skimp on narrow masking tape that it was more trouble than it was worth. Because it rips as you pull it off. And then you end up tediously scraping these tiny little shreds of masking tape. <SEP> And the whole point of using it is to save yourself work. You can do a little faster painting and much easier clean up if you use the masking tape. But use good stuff and buy it at a paint store where they have the right brands that will go down and come up easily. <SEP> I really appreciate all the helpful tips. I think you just made my project a lot easier. I wish you very good luck with it. And I will tell you that I have retired from the painting business. The last time I had something done was my kitchen cabinets. And I decided that was too much to tackle. I'd hire a professional. If you were closer I'd tell you you could come over and supervise. If I were closer I might. I hope your project turns out great. And I really think that it's exciting that you're going to try the sponge painting. I think that could give it a. <SEP> We'll see how it goes. I may just be flat painting over it. Of course that's the other advantage of paint. If you don't like it all you do is put on another coat. I guess we'd better go because our time looks like it's about up. <SEP> I need to go to the dentist. So. It's was nice talking to you Kathleen. Thank you. <SEP>
sw3020.txt:Where was your last vacation? Actually my last vacation was in Connecticut. We went home to visit family. Before that we were in Hawaii. Actually I did visit Hawaii once. But I never made it off of Oahu which I've heard is not the nicest of the islands. <SEP> It wasn't actually. It. When we were in Oahu I couldn't wait to get off. <SEP> We took a cruise. And we went to four different islands. And it was a really nice. Kauai was nice and Maui was nice. We had a great time. We were there for ten days. That's. <SEP> So where have you been? I've been lots of places. My last vacation was actually in Morocco I guess. That one would count. Morocco. That was about a year and a half ago. And. <SEP> An- did you just decide to go there. Or. My husband is French. And we were living in France at the time. And we decided that I've never been to Africa. And I needed to get that continent since I hadn't been there yet. <SEP> And actually it's a fairly common vacation place for French people to go. And they speak French. So in that sense is just a little bit easier. And it just seemed like it would be a fun place to go. So we didn't really have enough time. <SEP> I'm sure it was wonderful. We had about a little bit less than two weeks. And as always it seems a bit rushed. We do a lot of traveling around. We rented a car and drove pretty much everywhere. <SEP> Was it hot? In fact some of the days we froze. It was. We were there in the winter. In January or February I don't remember which. <SEP>. I was born in Saudi Arabia. And when my father worked there they used to travel quite a bit all around in Europe and whatnot. <SEP> But I was very young. So I don't remember that. And I was three when we moved back here. At what age did you. <SEP> That's too bad. Because. So I don't remember. But we have all these wonderful pictures of all these great places that they have been. <SEP> And that was when I was a baby. So Morocco would be wonderful. Because that area of the world would be great. It was a very interesting vacation. The only thing I didn't like was in some of the more touristy areas it would just be besieged by people wanting to be your guide. <SEP> And there were some places where people defini-. There would be kids there that were excellent at ripping you off. <SEP> And we had nothing taken because we knew. And we had things in inside pockets and in jacket underneath a coat type of thing. But. <SEP> We found that in Jamaica. It was the same way that people would come up and try and sell drugs and things like that. But they were so destitute. And I guess they make all their money on tourism. And they would come up and ask you if you want to buy different things. And after awhile it really gets annoying. <SEP> It's a little scary too when they're coming up and they're all over you. The worst place was in Marrakech. And the other cities it wasn't nearly as bad. And a couple of them it was what we did in some of the other cities. Is to hire a local guide. <SEP> It doesn't matter who it is. And they keep everyone else away from you. And it's worth it. And it's ten dollars a day or something. And it's worth it just to keep everyone else away from badgering you. <SEP> And you feel stupid doing that. But we did it. And we were much happier. <SEP> And you also get in to see things that you might not get into if you were alone. <SEP> That's great. Where else have you been? You lived in France. <SEP> So you've been all through Europe. Actually I haven't been all through Europe I haven't been to Italy yet. <SEP> We're going to go for a conference in September. And so hopefully we'll get to travel a little bit too. My more exciting spots have been. I've been to the Galapagos Islands. <SEP> That was one of the most wonderful vacations I've ever had. Lots of wildlife? If you like wildlife it's a fabulous vacation. <SEP> If you don't like wildlife it's probably not of interest. But that was really really fabulous. And just the photos I have of it and incredible and be so close. <SEP> When was that when were you there? August eighty-eight. And then actually after there I went to Hawaii. A lot of my travel has been sort of based around conferences or business meetings. <SEP> And so I went to Hawaii and then to Australia and Japan and China. <SEP> Did you go on the Barrier Re-. Did you see the Great Barrier Reef and go snorkeling? Actually I didn't go diving. I'm a diver. And so that's actually been another of my favorite vacations has been taking little diving trips. <SEP> Diving. But. I didn't get to the Great Barrier Reef. I drove from Sidney down to Melbourne and over to Adelaide. <SEP> It's gorgeous absolutely gorgeous. The coastline was just incredible. It's huge. Is it really? Australia. <SEP> But. Did you have shrimp? I've seen in. They show all this wonderful seafood and great big prawns the big shrimp. And. I don't remember if I had shrimp. <SEP> Didn't have shrimp there? I don't think so. I remember food. I like that too. But in fact I didn't eat out that much there because I was traveling by myself in a car. It would have been much more fun to do it in the van with a bunch of people. <SEP>. But. <SEP> You're adventurous. You went by yourself. And I was by myself in China too. <SEP>. China was a little bit more of a challenge. But it wasn't more of a challenge in a sense because I hired a guide all the time. <SEP> And so I never got out by myself or not much. Was it very expensive? Actually I paid about either a thousand dollars or a little bit. Maybe it was about a thousand dollars maybe a little bit less for ten days including all my meals a guide a car the airfare. But this is from Hong Kong. <SEP> You're kidding !. Because I was already in Hong Kong. But it only cost you about a thousand dollars to go there. And I went to Beijing Shanghai Chengdu. And actually then I took a train up from Shanghai to Quingdao. It's a little sort of getaway retreat village not far from Shanghai. It's just a train ride. <SEP> And that. I had two internal plane flights and a couple of other things. It was really. All for a thousand dollars? <SEP> That really surprises me. Around a thousand. I guess I relate it to Japan where things are very expensive aren't they? Japa- Japan's ridiculous. <SEP>. And I didn't stay in the top of the line hotels. But I stayed in. They were all completely clean. And they were newly built. And they were sort of the lower end of the top of the line hotels because they said you can't stay in the cheap stuff. <SEP> And you don't want to stay in the very very very exclusive because you don't really even get a flavor of the country if you're. <SEP>. But. That was. I highly recommend that way to go. If you're ever interested in going the route I dealt with this woman. Her name was Rita at China Tours in Boston. <SEP>. And a friend of mine who had gone for a business trip to China. And she just gave me this woman's name to contact. And it would really be fun I think ideally with two couples because you have a car and a driver and a guide. And then.
sw3086.txt:Do you have P C -s? I have a personal computer at home. It's an A T compatible. I don't use it very much any more. I used to use it quite a bit. <SEP> I also have a P C at work that I use as a terminal. I do some P C stand alone work on it. And I can transfer data back and forth between the P C and the main frame. What about you? Do you own a computer? I sort of own a computer. We have two P C -s at home. But neither one do we really own. <SEP> Are you leasing them? Both of them are sort of work related. And. Loaners from work? That's the nicer way. <SEP> Do you work for T I? Actually I'm doing consulting right now because I just had a baby. And my husband's working at Bell Labs. But he's really from France. And these computers actually are from France. What brand are they? One of them's a Compaq. <SEP> It's a three eighty-six. I'm jealous. And the other is actually a I B M P C compatible. It's a three eighty-six. I guess it's twenty-five. Three eight six twenty-five C maybe. I don't know. We don't have the. We decided not to get the which is actually another loaner one too that we picked up for a consulting job that my husband was doing. And. <SEP> What kind of consulting do you do? I actually do some work working at M I T and at NIST National Institute of Standards and Technology in Washington. And then I worked for Dragon Systems for a while. <SEP> What kind of work do you do when you're consulting? It depends. It's very different in the different places. But. Is it programming related? Program related research related. And I work in the speech field. And I do a lot metacoustic phonetics and looking at the acoustic characteristics of speech. <SEP> And I do that type of stuff typically for other people. And here we use the P C -s to do that. Mostly I use it for writing papers and things like that. Word processing. More. Do you know Latek? Word text processing. <SEP> I'm not familiar with that. I don't use. You can call it word processing. But I don't usually use a word processor to do it. <SEP> And we don't have too much standard software. We haven't really bought any commercially available software at all. So we don't use it for things like our accounts and addresses and things like that. We use it more for just writing programs when we need to or doing research looking at the speech signal and then doing writing and also just as a terminal. And we connect to other computers to read our net mail and things like that. You've got a modem in it then. Neither one has a modem. But we have a modem. <SEP> At home you have a modem that you can connect to each of them? Neither one. <SEP> And so it's an external modem. We have. When I got mine I had an internal modem in it. <SEP> I used it quite a bit when I was looking at information on a large bulletin board sponsored by a newspaper in Fort Worth. But went out of town for a while. And sort of got off the bulletin board and off of my micro completely. <SEP> And after a while the modem started making noises on its own even without using it on the computer. I could turn a computer on. It'd start squawking. So I finally opened up the box and took it out. That was it. I think that's the thirty second warning. I didn't hear it. Do you hear the beep in the background. <SEP> That's an ambulance or something going on here I think. Where are you. I haven't ever noticed the thirty second warning actually. <SEP> And. In Manhattan. Are you at home now? I'm at home. <SEP> You've got a lot of traffic noise real close. It'd be interesting for the people that look at this signal because there's a lot of background noise that people can hear. So it'll be interesting how much of it actually gets picked up. And often times that. I can't do this much later than now between sort of five thirty and six thirty or something like that because the traffic outside they honk the horn so loud I can't even hear the phone call. What time is it now where you are? About twenty after four. <SEP> So you're an hour ahead of where I am. I'm in Central time zone. We're Eastern. And did you ever try using Prodigy or any of those systems? <SEP> I haven't done that. I know someone who has. And she's very pleased with it. She told me some of the things you can do. And it's just a very handy tool to have. And you can do a l-. It makes things very convenient. You can save a lot of money too. Certainly cut down on long distance charges if that's what you have in mind. I've never tried using that. I don't know too much about it. What about. Did you use commercially available software. Or. <SEP> I have used Lotus. I have used Word Perfect. I. Not heavy use. I've used D Base. And I've used a substantial amount of shareware. I haven't done much Lotus work connected with my job. I've been through three classes. <SEP> And I have a great deal of respect for it. I haven't done much word processing work with my job. I do some. <SEP> And I. And the D Base work I've done was strictly class related. I've never used D Base. But I've heard both good things and bad things about it. It's probably the granddaddy of most data base management systems. <SEP> It's got some pretty strong competitors. Some of them have reviews that are better than D Base. So I think by now it's a matter of personal taste. People told me that it was sort of cumbersome to use. I can understand that very easily. I've had a class on R Base and also in Paradox. <SEP> And both of those seem very easy to use compared to D Base. Do you think D Base is more flexible or allows you to do more. Or do you think the others are pretty much compatible these days? I wouldn't say compatible but certainly comparable. But. <SEP> I didn't mean compatible. I meant comparable. My brain is going to mush. And what do you work on at T I? <SEP> I'm a computer programmer on the I B M main frames. <SEP> I do mainly business data processing. I also handle production support for the systems in my area of responsibility. <SEP> Sometimes I get called late at night at home because there's a production problem. And that gives me the opportunity to come in to work and fix it if I can't think of some thing to tell the trouble shooter while we're on the phone. <SEP> I also handle most of the calls from our users and other programmers who need to find out something connected.
sw3030.txt:. I guess I'll just start by saying that we entertain with a gourmet club here. Which means that we have eight people four couples. And most of the husbands. This is really peculiar. Most of the husbands cook. <SEP> The wives during the day get so burned out on cooking whatever they have to cook every day. They don't really care about gourmet stuff. But it was the guys that got together and did all this. <SEP> That's nice. And my husband just he really really likes to cook in terms of barbecue. And all guys like to barbecue. I think it's caveman. I'm telling you. But he really does cook. And it's a good thing because you can't knock that. <SEP> But all these other guys do too. And so we've gotten together. And we just do these really elaborate gourmet meals. And it's really really kind of a neat thing to do. You. <SEP> How often do you meet? We try. Because everybody is so active with their kids and all that. It's like if we can do it once every six months we're doing well. So we originally started out when we were younger and didn't have so much stuff going on with the kids. <SEP> Then we tried to do it every other month. But lately it's just been once every six months. <SEP> That's much more reasonable. I was involved in a club where we tried to really do gourmet meals. And we were a little bit too frequent I think. <SEP> I don't remember if we were once a month. Or anyway it was difficult. By the time we went around it was four couples. So by the time we got around to each of us and it was time again we were almost tired. Partly because gourmet cooking is not particularly conducive for regular dining. It's too rich. It is absolutely. <SEP> And so we found that while we enjoyed the evening we regretted it the next day. So we kind of. And then one of the couples moved. And so we sort of didn't continue it. And I must admit that as you say when your children start taking up your time then you don't have as much time for regular entertaining. But when we entertain I usually try to find something that will be kind of good for everybody. And that sometimes means you can't do gourmet because depending on who your guests are. <SEP> That's true. And we have a gourmet friend that can't stand fish. So he can get within. <SEP> One of my friends doesn't eat any cheese at all. So that's a real problem because so many dishes require cheese. <SEP> I take that back. She can't eat some cream cheese. But that really limits. It sure d-. It makes you keep looking for recipes every time you have an eye out for something like. <SEP>. So we try to keep all that in mind. But otherwise I guess entertaining. I guess I have recipes. I. But that's basically what we do is the gourmet. <SEP> So they would be pretty elaborate. But it's fun. It took us four days to cook a stock and three days to make this stuff. <SEP> And you get all prepared. But you're right. It's very very rich. And I'm glad we don't have it every. <SEP> Because it's quite a treat. It really is. <SEP> Sounds wonderful. But you like food. And I just love the community of food. I just think it's neat. I do too. <SEP> I just love sharing meals and whatever you can do to do that. I don't think you have to be more than hamburgers and hot dogs out in the backyard the coleslaw and potato salad. <SEP>. But. <SEP> My daughter is graduating Sunday. And so we're having a few people in Sunday afternoon. And I did a cop out on to it. I'm buying cold cuts. <SEP> I have to make a cake. What are you providing? And I have to make hors d'oeuvres. And I have to make dessert. So I figured for the main thing it's going to be sandwiches. <SEP> There you go. So I'm buying the little tiny rolls and so on. But I can't do it working full-time. And it's just too much. I know. We're all not built like Martha Stewart. <SEP> Those people that try to do everything. We all aren't Martha Stewart and have our coordinated glasses and tablecloths and time to t-. <SEP> Wouldn't that be nice? Shot a video of the whole thing. I don't know. <SEP> But it's really kind of a neat thing. I get a kick out of it. I really do. Everything all parts of the food. I love to make things from scratch. Making breads. <SEP> And people really pretty much appreciate it. They do. It's very difficult to purchase items that are as good as what you can make yourself. I think so. <SEP> In spite of. Or if you do buy it it's extremely expensive. In fact I just got back from a shopping trip to purchase the cold cuts. And I bought turkey and pastrami and barbecued ham at an Amish market near here. And I've never been there before. And found that there's individual vendors. <SEP> And the foods are wonderful. And one of the vendors had cakes. All sorts of wonderful cakes. Fresh strawberry cheesecake and so on. And it's thirteen fifty for a whole strawberry cheesecake. Which is really not such a bad price. I decided I just couldn't quite make myself buy it because I do make cheesecake. And somehow I didn't want to do that because it. There you go. <SEP> But I was very tempted because it looked wonderful. And they had black forest cherry cake and all those things. But those are homemade. They are not commercial bakery made. And in that they are made in their homes. So it's kind of interesting. It's out there if you want to pay the price. But. It is. We have bakeries around here that you just gain weight going by the door just like that. <SEP> Just smelling the air. But I don't know. I guess some of the best things I've ever had some of them were just hors d'oeuvres. <SEP> Doing little hors d'oeuvre things that I have a kick making that. I get off on strange little details of food I guess. But we have so much going on here because this is Dallas. <SEP> This is the southwest. This is chips and Picante sauce and anything hot. You can always make it hotter and lots of stuff like that. <SEP> So. That's a really good party time eating all that hot food. And they just love it down here. It just. <SEP> We like hot food too. So. All the stuff that goes with that. So. You don't sound like you're from Texas originally though. I'm not. Thank you for noticing. <SEP> I'm from Chicago. I thought that there was a slight difference in accent. And how I got. <SEP> And how I got to Texas by way of Virginia and everything is a long story. <SEP> But. <SEP> I'll bet. Do you have a favorite hors d'oeuvre recipe that's easy. Or is it always complicat-. I. In fact it just came to mind. And this.
sw3821.txt:Credit cards. I'll tell you what I can't say a whole lot about credit cards because I tore mine up. <SEP> Is that right? I know some other people that have done that. I got in some financial problems because of credit cards. So I basically just got rid of all of them. I have a couple. I have a gas card that I use just for gas and one that I use just for emergencies. <SEP> But. We have some friends that did exactly the same thing. They kind of overextended and borrowed and borrowed. And finally they realized that they were abusing them and weren't going to get out of the hole. And they just cut them all up except for one they kept for emergencies. And they're still paying away to get out of debt. <SEP> I know it. But. I did just the opposite. I guess I sort of followed in my parents' footsteps. I have quite a few of them. I use them continually. <SEP> But I basically never charge anything I don't have the money in the bank to pay for. And I always pay them off totally every month. Is that right? <SEP> That's a good policy. And they're just a convenience for me. I don't have to get cash out of the bank. And I don't have to be writing checks. And. <SEP> Sometimes I wish I had them. But in most cases I'm glad I don't because unfortunately I don't have the control you have. <SEP> I wish I did. But I don't. And it. I just don't want to get into that situation again. So we'll. <SEP> It's easy. You don't have anything transferring just a little signature. So what. That's it. And that's. Even with my gas card I find that I'll go in to get some gas. <SEP> And I'll end up buying candy and drinks and sweets and whatever. And then at the end of the month I get a bill. And I'm thinking what did I get that costs so much. <SEP> Surprising. <SEP> And. But the. <SEP> There are some inherent limits there. You're not going to run up a few thousand dollars for that. That's true. But I can certainly understand where. Now I. You know. <SEP> W-. The thing that probably helps me most doing that is really not so much discipline. You have sort of a discipline in general about finances. But I hate their interest rates so badly that I. Isn't it. That's unbelievable. <SEP> How. Let me ask you this. How old are you? I'm thirty-three. Thirty-three? <SEP> Thirty-two. Excuse me. You'll be thirty-three this year? <SEP> You want to be thirty-two as long as you can. It's coming. <SEP> I know what you mean about the interest rates. It's unbelievable. That just irritates me so much that I refuse to pay them interest. And my wife recently decided she had to go to Brazil and was going to take off. And she's from there and didn't really have the money. <SEP> But she could pay it off. And so I sort of reluctantly let her put it on credit cards. But she's paying it. And I just won't do it. She's paying I don't know what per month forty fifty dollars per month in interest. <SEP> And I just refuse to give it to them. If I need to borrow that kind of money I'll go to the bank. And. And then you bet. <SEP>. That's. In fact I've even heard some people that have applied for credit cards with much less rates and have paid off their higher interest rate cards and just sent them back. Income. <SEP>. <SEP>. And I guess there's some negotiating there too. Because I heard. On one of the local talk shows here they had somebody on and said what you can do is call. If you've got a pretty good credit rating you can call wherever you got your card from and tell them either drop my rates or drop my annual fees or I'll just go to somewhere else. <SEP>. <SEP> High. I might. And if you've got a pretty good history with them they're more than willing to do that. <SEP>. <SEP> I might try that because I have one card that I've had for about nine or ten years. In fact that's what this guy. He wrote a book on it. And he says he's tried it with several of his cards. And he's just told them I can get this card from this bank at this rate. And yours is at eighteen or nineteen percent. <SEP> It does not make sense for me to do that. And if you won't drop my rates I'll just go ahead and send you back your card. And I'll go somewhere else and get it. For me the big thing is the annual fee. And I just refuse. I won't get any card now. I've got a good rating. And I've got. <SEP> And I'm not going to pay an annual fee. The only one I actually pay on is this one that the very first.
sw3445.txt:. I think that gets us off to discussing the topic for tonight. Which is movies. Correct? That is correct. <SEP> Are you a movie buff? I don't like going to see them in the theaters. But outside of that rent a lot. Watch them on T V mostly. I have a V C R. And I see most all of mine there. What have you seen recently that you enjoyed? <SEP> I don't know. Actually earlier tonight we were watching TO LIVE AND DIE IN L A. Have you seen that movie? I haven't. It's kind of one of those psycho ones. I live alone. Consequently I don't like these psycho things. <SEP> It's not too bad. One of those cop thrillers. But. Have you seen the mov-. If. Do you have a V C R? We do. Have you seen the movie CLASS ACTION with Gene Hackman? <SEP> I haven't yet. I saw it this weekend. And it is to me an outstanding movie. I thoroughly enjoyed it. He is an attorney and his daughter is an attorney. And she has a suit against his company. It's one of those things. That. But there's a lot of l-. It's something that anyone can watch and enjoy. <SEP> He's a good actor though. Beg your pardon? Gene Hackman's a good actor. I think. He is. <SEP> Do you see HOOSIERS? I've seen HOOSIERS. Saw it just again the other night for. Actually we saw her just the other night too. Did you? <SEP> It's one of our favorite movies. I live with a roommate and my girlfriend the three of us. We've seen that movie probably six times in the last six months. Have you seen the movie CROSSING DELANCY? That's one I have watched six or eight times. I always feel so good when I get through with that movie. <SEP> I like those movies that you watch time and time again. I do too. DIRTY DANCING and CROSSING DELANCY are two of my favorite. What business are you in? I'm an electrical engineer. In New Hampshire. <SEP> I work in Massachusetts actually. Is everything going all right up there? It's only about half an hour. I live on the border. That's that bad then. Half an hour we do that just going to downtown Dallas. <SEP> That's right. We live up in tax free New Hampshire and drive down to Massachusetts to work. That makes a lot of sense. <SEP> But we. Are you a native of that part of the country? I grew up in New Hampshire. It seems southern town. It's called Portsmouth. It's fifteen minutes from the Mass- border and five minutes from the main border. We live right in the corner. <SEP> That one little spot in New Hampshire we have ten miles of coastline. I live on that little ten mile spot. Sounds wonderful. Did you have damage this year with hurricanes? Not up where I live. But further down the coast in Massachusetts they got hit pretty bad. I happened to be in Nassau. And we got the backlash of that thing. And they had record high waves thirty year high waves come in there. And it was quite an experience. So. What movies are you looking forward to seeing now? <SEP> I'm only twenty-seven years old. So THE DOORS movie that's out on video. I want to watch that. Have you seen GREEN CARD? That would be pretty good. I haven't seen that one. That's a real warm movie. It really just turned out nicely. So I would recommend that if you have a chance. <SEP> I'm in for it. We rent a lot of movies. So we often sit around and say what movies should we rent? And we don't know. If you can get GREEN CARD go for it. <SEP> We'll try that one. I have been working as an accountant at the medical school here in Dallas. And I have watched GROSS ANATOMY. Have you seen that one? I did. And I don't know. I can associate with some of the people in that movie because of the young students I see over at the medical school. But I hope you have a very Merry Christmas. <SEP> You too. I'm looking forward to it. I think we're going to have a white Christmas up here just like the song says.
sw2105.txt:Real problem the last few days one of their young hopeless stars has apparently ruined his knee for this season. It was a catcher. And they really don't have an excess of catchers. And it's really kind of late to be trying to trade for somebody especially with the salary cap that the Rangers have. <SEP> They're not the highest paying ball team around. They're not are they. But I would gladly take the salary of most of the guys I'll tell you. <SEP> I would too. Even the bench warmer I would. That's right. I really haven't been an active Ranger fan in several years. I used to go take my son. When he was in high school he enjoyed going to baseball games. I'll have to admit I kind of went more to see the other team a lot of times than I did the Rangers. <SEP> But I think they're doing better. I do to. I have boys eight and eleven. And we go quite often to watch the Rangers. I can imagine. <SEP> I used to love to play baseball when I was a kid. We're heavy into that too. I think it's more fun to play than it is to watch. <SEP> I do too. And I think what caught so many of our attentions last year was that Nolan Ryan. Of course. Of course. As a matter of fact I read in the sports page this morning. He just pitched his first exhibition game a day or so ago. <SEP> And he pitched five full innings. That was almost unheard of for a pitcher to start out that strong. No big deal. It's just part of a day's work. <SEP> I know it. He's something else. He really is. He really is an. As far as predictions and stuff I really think the Rangers may come out real strong this year. They could do very well. They sure could. <SEP> They coul- because. I don't know. But last year I just figured they was under a lot of pressure because of all the publicity and everything. I really do. They've got all. All their players are signed now. Some of them are not too happy about it. But there's no hold outs. <SEP> At least that should help. That should help. It sure should. It should. <SEP> But in a way I really do. And of course there's a few more are good ball teams also. Like Oakland A's and the Giants. I really do. Cincinnati. There sure are. <SEP> I like to go watch the Giants when they come to Houston some times. That's right. But. I've never seen the Astros play. <SEP> You haven't? I have a few times. <SEP> They're a good ball team. That's right. They really are. They sure are. Wouldn't it be something to have a World Series between the Rangers and the Astros. <SEP> Wouldn't it though. I tell you that would draw a crowd wouldn't it. Wouldn't it. It sure would. <SEP> We might actually get to go to a World Series. That's right. Wouldn't that be something. It sure would. <SEP> That's something you dream about. But there are a lot of Ranger fans around. There sure is. And they really are. Incavalia I don't know how familiar you are with him. But last year I was kind of thinking he sure did get in a slump. <SEP> But they're saying this year their predictions is that he's really going to come out of it and be on top. He's a bull isn't he? <SEP> Isn't he though. He really is. He sure is. He either hits home run or strike out. That's right. <SEP> There is not ever a in between for him. That's right. It's kind of like Babe Ruth. They were saying something about this may be his last year with the Rangers though. Apparently I think his contract is up after the end of this year. And they're not sure they're going to be able to sign him again. <SEP> To sign him again. That may or may not happen. You never know. That's right. It's a long way away. <SEP> That's sure ri-. If you offer them money I'm sure they'll do a little bit of everything. That's right. That's right. Unfortunately the Rangers don't spread it around quite as big as some of the other teams do. <SEP> Like that Joe Hosago. That's right. Is there going to be a ticket increase this year price do you know. <SEP> I hadn't heard. I haven't either. I really haven't. Those Cowboys have increased their prices again this year. <SEP> But I didn't know. I don't think I've heard anything on the Rangers. Or I don't remember it if I have. I hadn't either. <SEP> We hadn't. Like I said we. I don't even guess they've even thought about sending the schedules out yet. I guess it's too early. Because we usually get one. We usually order our tickets way in advance. It's a good idea. <SEP> We try to go so often. If you have young children they get a kick out of it. They do. <SEP> I've enjoyed talking to you. You too Lori. And hopefully we'll get to talk again. You take care. <SEP>.
sw3074.txt:I think that Plano has really done a fantastic job. At least their plans are good. However I was. Maybe you saw in the paper this morning that they've had some problems with the recycling on plastic. <SEP> With the plastic. I thought that was most interesting. I thought it was sad that it started out as a good program. But then people started dumping trash. And the wrong objects in there. <SEP> And that concerned me that people were using it as a way to get rid of things they just didn't want to set at the curb or take to the dump. <SEP> That's right. And it's too bad that people have to ruin a good part thing. <SEP> I guess that's going to happen. <SEP> A really good effort. That's right. But. I was thinking about the other day many many years ago when we were first married and he was in graduate school in Missouri I went. This was probably. It have been nineteen sixty-seven or sixty-eight. I went to a meeting. And one of the speakers at the meeting was a woman who was recycling. And she was from Saint Louis. <SEP> And she had this fantastic family effort in recycling. And she was dividing her colored glass and her plastics and her aluminum. And I thought one person is doing that. But my thought was it's a shame. It's wonderful that she's doing it and it. But wouldn't it be much nicer if we all did it. Because her effort would have really really been a good example for all of us. And we were just sort of talking about it at the time. And here we are. Now we're doing it on a city wide basis in communities. <SEP> Doing it. So it's wonderful that we've come that far I think. But. What did she do with. If she. Was she a group that was doing it. <SEP> Or was she doing it on her own. And what did she do with the. I think she was. I was trying to remember. It seems to me that she was doing it on her own and living in Saint Louis. There were places where she could actually take her things herself. <SEP> And so it wasn't something that was being picked up. And I think she was encouraging other people to do it if they would. But I remember her saying I have a trash can for this and a trash can for that and a trash can for the other thing. And I thought that is wonderful that somebody does that. You have to really want to do it though. <SEP> This is. Even what you recycle. Because we do the plastics and the aluminum and the glass and the paper. <SEP> And of course then you try to buy right too. But a lot of our neighbors say you have to rinse out this and you have to make sure it's that and you have to. Sure you do. <SEP> We had neighbors that complained when we got the new garbage cans. Isn't that amazing? <SEP> And I thought what are you complaining about when you're only going to get picked up once a month or once a week. <SEP> And. People I don't know they find fault in everything rather than say this is a good effort. Rather than work with it. <SEP> I don't know. It's. I know what you're saying. Kind of people like that. And it is. It's for everybody's benefit. <SEP> It's not. So maybe we don't realize it in our lifetime. But you have to think grandchildren and great grandchildren. And what kind of quality of life are you leaving them? It's on down the line. <SEP> And I have a real concern about that. <SEP> I agree. When. We've never had much trash. Because while. I was raised in a big family. And Gene's family wasn't big. <SEP> But they weren't rich. And they had to recycle. <SEP> And the fu-. They didn't. They just used things. They didn't throw things away before they were used up. <SEP> And. I know. I guess I got a good example from my mother. Because she was always very very conscientious about recycling things. And she is to this day. And she'll even. If she. For instance she would take the waxed paper out of a cereal box and use that for when she made cookies. It would go on that. Or if she needed sandwich paper or something she'd use that. <SEP>. She recycles everything. And I have done the same thing. I recycle zip lock bags and things like that. <SEP> My kids get the biggest kick out of that. Although they do the same thing. I think they give me a hard time. But I think they know that it's the right way. <SEP> They've picked up the hab-. They do. And when they actually get out away from the home and have to do their own buying of things then they say mom used to do this and dad used to do that. <SEP> And they appreciate how much it costs to do that. <SEP> That's right. And pretty soon they're figuring out that's not such a bad way. To go. But. That's true. <SEP> I don't know. I wonder how you instill in people the necessity for doing just a little bit extra to make this whole thing work. The extra washing out bottles and jars or the extra of actually making sure that you take stuff over to. Some people now are complaining because the stuff isn't picked up at the curbside. And I think you just do your part. People are not. You can't be waited on all your life and expect things to always work out. <SEP> This is what concerns me. You. Over in Europe they don't have the kind of waste we do here. That's right. You've got to be in a country. Even in Mexico you don't see things thrown away like we do here. <SEP>. <SEP> What we throw away is a king's ransom to most people. <SEP> And I. And even to people in our country who scavenge for food. And I think you have to get into a period of need bef-. <SEP> You can't tell a person that lives in a hundred two hundred three hundred thousand dollar house that have all that they need and all that they could want that they've got to be careful. <SEP>. <SEP> This is why I thought Jimmy Carter was never very pos-. People didn't like him. <SEP> Because he tried to say turn off the lights conserve this do that. <SEP> Do those little things. And nobody wanted to hear it. That make a lot of difference. <SEP> I. And I think you're right though. It's. I think that it has to really hit home before the message sometimes. <SEP> Or you have to grow up with it being important in your life before the message really takes hold sometimes. And I don't know. It's just really interesting to me how now more aware of things I am even myself than I used to be a few years ago. <SEP> I'd go to the U T D cafeteria for lunch sometimes. And they use styrofoam plates when they wouldn't need to use styrofoam plates. <SEP>. And I think to myself that's crazy. I wonder if maybe I need to bring that to someone's attention. <SEP> And I'm seeing more and more of that. And I think it's just McDonald's effort to reduce the number of styrofoam boxes that they use for hamburgers and stuff. I think is a good example that even industry is willing to do it. <SEP> I think the big question too we're looking at is would you be willing to pay more for a product so it can be recycled. <SEP> I think that's kind of what it's coming to I'm sure. That's right. And do we have to wait until all the landfills are full and there is nowhere else to put our garbage. <SEP> That's right. <SEP> And I don't. With the mind set of the American public I think what they will do is start paying Mexico to take our trash. That isn't harmful. That wouldn't surprise me. <SEP> Or they will go dump it out in the middle of some ocean. I know it. <SEP> That's the way we solve problems. And unfortunately. And it's sad.
sw3082.txt:. This is a very timely topic inasmuch as we're going to a family reunion this weekend. <SEP> Are you really? Where is it going to be? Down at Lake Texoma lodge. <SEP> This is one that's the Baker family reunion. And this has been going on at least twenty-five years or thirty something like that. <SEP> That's marvelous. Maybe longer than that I'm going to get back into the fifties sometime. <SEP> First time I married into the family. And the first time I went was about fifty-seven I think. But this one has been well organized. And in fact it used to be at Lake Brownwood. And now it's Lake Texoma because that's more central location for people from Oklahoma and Texas to come to. <SEP> I'm sure location's really important as far as figuring out where one ought to be. Very important because you'll start losing people if it's too far to go. <SEP> We have factions when it's one part. I have one reunion on my mother's side. And we found that if it's in a certain part of Texas some people come. And if it's elsewhere other people come. We never get them at both of them. Never get them at both places. <SEP> It seems like. So I think we need to find a new place. Listen they've had this one. It just. Of course over the years it has built up as far as the organization is concerned. But now they have a golf tournament on the Saturday. <SEP> And then they have generally a show or an auction or something on Saturday night to help raise funds to cover the costs of such. That's a neat idea. And they get the community building there at Lake Texoma lodge. And everyone brings in food. <SEP> And then for the Saturday night dinner they bring in Kentucky Fried Chicken from Durant. And it really has worked out. <SEP> How many people Jim are involved? Generally I think it's been as high as about a hundred and twenty people. I think normal's about sixty or seventy. <SEP> I guess ours probably isn't that big. Our family is dwindling for one thing. And I often feel funny because I'm in a branch that's all but died. <SEP> I just have one aunt and my family. So sometimes when these other families get together they're really pulling in aunts and uncles and grandkids. And we're kind of off on the sidelines. But it does remind us that we have family and roots. <SEP> So we keep going even though we're not a real big part of it. Our family reunion started out my wife. And I were the kids the newlyweds. And now we go our children go. And our grandchildren are going now. <SEP> That's great. So it's wound up that we're the old folks now. But they have various organized. They have generally a volleyball net set up and horseshoes to pitch. And they organize a baseball game for the kids. <SEP> And several people bring boats. And there's a place they take the kids up to the lodge and go swimming up there in the afternoon. So it's a full day. So there's lots to do. Some of the people come down on Friday afternoon and spend the whole weekend. <SEP> And some just come in for Saturday. So it has worked out quite well. And it's a chance to see some of the relatives you don't see all year long except that once a year. <SEP> That's true. That's neat. I think they're really fun. We go to mine regularly. And then we go to my husband's occasionally down in Temple. And he has a large family. So it's fun when we go to that one. My side of the family is from back in Ohio and West Virginia. And I think we've been to one in thirty-five years or something like that. So That's just too far away. <SEP> That is a problem with the distance. The people that we have that don't come are out El Paso way. <SEP> And it's just too much for all of them all of that group to travel. It's an all day drive just to get to this area. <SEP> But then we have the same attitude when it's out there although this year we're going out. They're going to have it at Fort Davis. <SEP> And we thought that would be fun to kind of tie it in as a vacation time as well as reunion. We have. Each year of course they elect officers of the family reunion. <SEP> And a number of years ago back in the early eighties my wife was president. We discovered how much work it is just to organize and get it together. And it takes a lot of planning and assembling of stuff. <SEP> And choose some place that everybody's going to like as far as food and all that. <SEP> That's correct. That's a heavy burden. It is. I tell you. <SEP> I don't really care for her to be president again. But that is it's a lot of work. But it's a lot of fun. <SEP> We've enjoyed it. And the grandkids really enjoy it because it's the only time of the year they see all their cousins from Oklahoma. I think. <SEP> And it's good for kids to know that they have other family. And this year they're all excited. The show this weekend. This weekend's going to be a rock and roll show. My two grandsons and one of their cousins are going to dress up and lip sing to a rock song in jeans and t-shirts and such. <SEP> What fun. So it's going to be exciting for them and for us too. <SEP> Probably lots of laughs. There have been some really wild shows put on there. They really get into it. <SEP> It sounds like you really have a good structure and have it going along. Ours is still kind of loosely organized. And the same people usually get stuck with doing it. That generally happens. And they do it as a labor of love. <SEP> So the officer idea is a good idea. We've had various things over the years to raise funds for it. <SEP> And again it's not cheap to rent the lodge up there or the meeting room down in the cabins and such. But they've come up with. <SEP> They've tried passing the hat. And they've had auctions and various things to raise funds. And some people do. And some people don't. <SEP> And it's not fair that everybody not contribute. Excuse me. But that's the family reunion story. <SEP> A lot I enjoyed talking to you. Been nice talking to you.
sw3441.txt:My T V down. I'm sorry. Invasions of privacy. <SEP> What most annoys me are all sorts of phone calls trying to sell me things. All sorts of hours calling and telling me that I want investment advise and I want this service and that service or the other thing. <SEP> I hate those canned messages they put on my recorder. My sense is that something may just have been done about it by congressmen. Just what went into the. Something about the random dialers that just dial phone numbers. <SEP> I guess in some cases they just consider pickup your phone and not let you use your phone for a while whether you hang up on them or not. But I thought I saw something about it having some kind of provision that people could specify that their phones were not for commercial using. And businesses would be prohibited from calling for business selling you things. I have through the phone company. <SEP> I'm sure that's true. No nine hundred numbers can be dialed from my phone or received. Some of did too. I think government can do that now. Is that right? <SEP> And especially with possibly children around. That could be useful protection. And I don't have children around. But I just don't like those nine hundred numbers. So I've excluded those. <SEP> So I used to deal with. But it does not stop you from the dialing services. What are dialing services? Where they intend to sell you things. <SEP> Where people just call you. And leave again that canned message on the. And then those problems has been eliminated. Those problems used to be when I used a credit card they'd want to have my phone number. <SEP> And I did not like giving it out. I gave out my work number. <SEP> But I think I'm not sure if it's by law just. Otherwise I think the practice has basically been eliminated asking for a phone number. That's the thing I hated too about Radio Shack. How did Radio Shack work? If you go in and buy anything they want your phone number. And I don't think they're going to call me and ask me how it's functioning. And I don't give that out. I have an unlisted number. So I don't. <SEP> That's one solution. But you nonetheless often get people calling you? Despite the fact that your number is unlisted? <SEP> And you actually have your number. Or are they just calling a number that happens to be yours? Anything that you buy you may get put on a preferred list that is purchased. <SEP> And companies can purchase this list. And what that is is people who buy from the mail. And they have a whole list of addresses and list of phone numbers. <SEP> I'll be thinking in mind the address is. Is there anything you can do about that like give out a phony phone number? Some of that unfortunately is legal. So they can't stop people from advertising. And that's what it falls under. It falls under the guise of advertising. So I don't care for it. But is it a legal solution for some companies. So that's the way things are. <SEP> I don't know. I think it's gotten much worse the last few years. Maybe that's just because I've gotten on more lists. They. The telephone is not the only invasion of privacy. You've got the holy rollers. And you've got all kinds of people knocking on your door and who want to either direct you to the right path or want to sell you paper routes whatever. So it's not just the telephone. <SEP> Sell you magazines. I guess whatever is. I just don't give.
sw2111.txt:Our community doesn't really have any organized recycling drive. Where do you live? I live in San Antonio. <SEP> San Antonio !. I live in Garland. And we're just beginning to. We just built a real big recycling center that recycles everything imaginable. <SEP> But as far as trash pick up and stuff that a lot of the communities are doing they're testing that. So they're really not full force into it. But they're trying. So we're attempting it. But I wish we could do more. There's been no emphasis on recycling at all in San Antonio. I used to work for the power company here. And there was discussion for a while about building a garbage burning electric generation plant. <SEP> But it just wasn't cost effective at the time. And there's little recycling trucks and things throughout the city. But there isn't any advertising campaign. There's just not any push to recycle. <SEP> I recycle my newspapers and my aluminum stuff. That's what I do. But they make it as hard as possible. It's not very convenient to do. <SEP> When they put centers and stuff like that. We have those which I think is one of the best things is those cash for cans. I don't know if you all have those things around. <SEP> And I really like that because that makes it real convenient because they're in almost every shopping center. And you can just stop by. Everything else like the paper and plastic and stuff you still have to go to the centers. But for aluminum that's real nice. And I started doing that at work. I put out a trash can for people to put their aluminum cans in. <SEP> And that's really helped a lot. Everybody's pitched in. And it doesn't bother them to walk little bit farther put their aluminum in a can rather than just throwing it in their trash can. <SEP> So I really like that. But people are really concerned. It's just that sometimes it's not the right people which is really really sad because I wish we would do more. At work we started all the recycling stuff. They're really trying. I think what started it at work was that planet earth thing we had last year. <SEP> And that really started a lot of stuff off. But sometimes it dwindles down. Where I work now we recycle all the computer paper. That's good. But that's about the extent of it. <SEP> That's. At least you're trying something. It's just it would be nice if it could be more. And I'm sure that the driving factor for recycling the computer paper is that we get paid to do so. <SEP> Do you really. We sell the paper back to a paper manufacturing company. That's a neat idea. It defrays the cost of buying the paper I think. I. Not by much but it does defray it some. <SEP> Enough to make it worth our while to have several bins through out the building. That's really good. At least they're trying. <SEP> I know a lot of companies that waste so much that. I'm even trying. That was one thing we noticed last week that we had some new people move into our building. And the nice cardboard boxes that you move packing boxes. And they were just used one time and thrown in the dumpster. And I thought I don't understand this. <SEP> We're trying to cut cost and everything like that and recycle and all that stuff. And here we are wasting. And I don't understand sometimes the logic behind it. The last time someone moved offices in my building. And the properties people came in with the good cardboard boxes. And packed everything up and moved them and left them lying around. I took several home because I'm moving pretty soon. And they're good boxes. <SEP> That's exactly what I did. And they were just going to throw them away. Exactly what I did exactly. <SEP> Because I didn't want to waste that. And it's hard enough to find good packing boxes. And these boxes are. You can unfold them. <SEP> So they don't take up much storage space. That's very good. I felt a little guilty about taking the boxes for about two seconds until I realized they would be thrown away. So. <SEP> I thought I was doing them a favor by taking them. I found about nine of them that had not even been folded into boxes that were in the dumpsters. <SEP> So many people go to the grocery store and stuff and get those boxes when these are perfect. So. The ones at the grocery store half the time they've pulled the lid off. So you can't use it anyway. <SEP> Those. And the real sturdy boxes that copy room paper comes in with the nice lids. Those get thrown away. And I am constantly scouting out the copy room for those boxes. <SEP> That's exactly what I do. Those are perfect boxes to put files in. They're good for storage and stuff like that. That's what I do with a lot of my daughter's things is I'll store her out dated or out of season clothes in them. And they're just perfect. What I've done in the past. I don't have any now. But I would buy some cheap wallpaper from somewhere and cover those nice boxes with the lids. <SEP> And you can stack them up and leave them out and put things in them even. And they look just as good. That's a smart idea. <SEP> I think I'll have to try that. That's really cute. It's cheaper than going and buying the kind at Target that are all ready with the little design on them or whatever. They're the exact same thing. That's all they are. They just made them look fancy. <SEP> You saved me some money. And you're recycling. <SEP> That's neat. Do you all have. We have places that pay for paper to recycle. I know you do yours at work. But for newspaper. But ours are real hard to find. That's the one thing that really discourages me. I recycle paper. But they. It's almost like they don't want the paper because they don't pay at all. <SEP> They're real hard to find the places that pay. And that's really discouraging. I just go ahead and take it to the regular place where they just accept it. But I think they should. If they want people to recycle I think it's. The aluminum. It gets people to doing it. You don't have to pay them a lot. I live near a Walmart. And there's a big huge dumpster looking thing sitting out front. In fact I think there's two of them that have several openings. <SEP> And it's for recycling. And they have aluminum and newspaper and plastic and some other category. I don't. Maybe there's two for aluminum. And you don't get paid. But it's real convenient just to chunk the newspapers in there. <SEP> That's good. I. The one thing I don't like about the newspaper also is. At work we have two different trash cans at your desk. You have one for paper and one for just your normal trash. <SEP> But in the paper one you have to separate. You have to make sure you don't throw away any of the slick paper like magazines. You can't throw any of that away. And you can't throw certain file type things away. And I just think it's such a hassle. It seems like it would be easy to take it all. I don't know. Of course I don't know all that about recycling. So it probably is a hassle. <SEP> But I do get tired of having to separate paper. It gets to be. I guess you have to make it a habit. You have to get so used to doing it that it's a habit. And we had a write up in our paper this last time at work about. They come and empty your trash every other day they do your normal trash. And every other day they do your recycling trash. <SEP> And somebody was writing in complaining that the people had dumped all the trash in the same bin. And when they were questioned about it they said we're running late. Or we didn't have time to do those bins or something. And that's real discouraging. Thinking you're sitting there working to separate it. And then they. And someone else isn't going to take the time to put it in two separate bags. <SEP> So they're really trying to start keeping an eye out for those. Talking to the people again about. Separate them. Because that is discouraging when you do that. It was hard to get used to those two different trash cans. But luckily that will all get straightened out. And they'll start separating them. Because I don't mind doing that. I feel like I'm doing something for the community when I'm doing that. <SEP> But anyway. I've enjoyed talking to you. You too. I thank you. <SEP>
sw2336.txt:What kind of car are you thinking about getting? None at the moment. When you decide to. <SEP> I currently drive a Ford Taurus. And I would imagine that if I change or if I get another car a new car I will go with the Taurus or something similar in that regard. So you like the Ford? <SEP> I have had it for about two years now. And it's everything it's supposed to be. I haven't had a minute's trouble with it. <SEP> And the only thing I have against it in that's it's a Taurus. Even after two years I still feel uncomfortable driving it because I had a Honda before that. And so it's a little bit larger. <SEP> But that's the only difference that I see really. But I would. My criteria at the moment it would be American personally. An-. It's the. This. The car I had before this one was a Thunderbird as a matter of fact. And I loved it. I really did. But I finally decided to go check out what the foreign cars were. So I bought myself a Nissan a two forty S X. <SEP> But even though I love the car I've got now I think my next car will probably be American again because if I can at all do it I'd like to stay American. I always have up until now. I just for one time decided to go outside. So. <SEP> My wife still has a Honda Accord. And it's an excellent automobile. But price and so forth. <SEP> I'm not a real car fan. I do not opt for something that would be expensive. I want something that's serviceable something that I can use. <SEP> And I. And with the Taurus. I have a Taurus L X. And it's. You're talking when you think about price it's several thousand dollars lower than the comparable Honda or Nissan or something along those lines. And as I said as far I'm concerned it has been extremely serviceable and everything I wanted. Ford's done a real good job in the last ten years or at least the last five to six years of really turning around their quality I think. <SEP> I think so too. I. In travel and renting automobiles in. <SEP> I've driven Chevrolet automobiles and Dodge. And I. If it's Chevrolet I just will not touch it. I had a Chevrolet before I bought my Taurus. I purchased a Chevy Citation. Those were not good cars. <SEP> And I was ready to get rid of it two months after I bought it. So I shopped around. And if I had thought I wanted to pay the amount of money I probably would have gone with an Accord or even a Civic or something comparable from Nissan or Toyota. <SEP> But it was just. I have a friend who has an auto shop. And he purchased one of the first Sables that was manufactured for his wife a Sable station wagon. And he just absolutely swore by it. <SEP> And it was upon his recommendation and so forth for comparably equipped. It was just. There was no comparison. The only thing that I find if I would have anything against it is that it still has that soft American ride. <SEP> Not. That's about the only thing I find disadvantageous to it. But my criteria is simply something that looks good something that's serviceable. And I drive around a lot. And it's very comfortable on the highway. I can drive for ten hours or so and not really be tired in any way. But those are my criteria. And I probably in another six months to a year or something will probably start looking around again. And if there's something out there that is comparable to what I have now I'll go ahead and get it. The only thing I'm looking at right now. <SEP> I just bought the Nissan that I've got about nine months ago. The only thing that would get me to change cars right now would be if. At the moment I'm single. And if I were to get married and have a family that would have to have something to do with it. But I don't have any plans for probably another two three years of even looking. Cars are too expensive right now to even think about buying new cars every couple of years. <SEP> I. It's. In our parking lots two or three days ago I saw one of the new Honda sports cars. <SEP> I can't remember what the name is. It's the thirty-five or forty thousand dollar one whatever it is. And it resembled a Mazaratti very very closely. And it's an absolutely beautiful automobile and well appointed and so forth. <SEP> But to pay that much money for an automobile is just. I can't conceive of doing that. That's. I went to a car show down here about two weeks ago. And of course they had the Ford the Chevrolet that stuff. But then you started looking at the. They had Ferrari there they had B M W and all these other kinds of cars. And Ferrari didn't even let you near the car. They were. That's how expensive they were. And then you saw hundred thousand dollar cars. You saw eighty thousand dollar cars. And even though I do enjoy cars I can't see paying more for a car than I would for a house. <SEP> That's true. That doesn't seem likely. The difference there too is between us is that I am not really crazy about driving. <SEP> I never have been since my parents had to force me to get my driver's license when I was young when I was sixteen. So I've never really cared. What I was. Before I was married and before I went to graduate school I used to do little sports car racing. It was never my own car. <SEP> It was always someone else's. And that sort of thing I enjoy. But to go out and drive never has really had any appeal to me in that regard. I guess we've discussed that enough. Don't you think. I think so. <SEP> We won't get the recorder or the system to shut us off tonight. That's happened to me almost every time I've. That's happened to me once. <SEP> It's very easy when you get on a topic that you enjoy. I think the one time I did it was on the Mid East the crisis out there. That had a great conversation. But then they came off and told us we couldn't do it any more. So. <SEP> I was talking to a lady last evening. And we were talking about fishing. And we were cut off. We were told to quit. You have a pleasant evening. You too. <SEP> Take care.
sw3636.txt:What sort of camping do you like to do the most? I do real rough type camping. I have a motor home. Rough type? <SEP>. Motor homes can be a lot of fun. <SEP> They really are. They really are. I've enjoyed it. I've never actually done any tent camping. But one of these days I'm going to try that too. To go visit the national parks and state parks and just get out and see nature. That can be a lot of fun too. <SEP> How about you? So far my wife and I have pretty much had to stick with tent camping. <SEP> This summer we went to the Smokey Mountain National Park. And stayed about three or four days in there. How great. It was wonderful. <SEP> Nights were cool enough to where they're comfortable. And the days were nice and warm. And it was beautiful beautiful few days. <SEP> That's great. It worked out particularly well especially considering she was six months pregnant. So I don't know. <SEP> It worked pretty well. It was one of those dome type pop up tents. Nice and quick and easy to put up. <SEP> Packs away nice and small. And about had to be something like that getting around in a Pinto. That's true. That's true. It was a lot of fun. <SEP> I guess the last real camping trip I took has been a couple years ago. I went to California up to the Sequoias. That's got to be beautiful territory. <SEP> It's gorgeous. I love the big trees. Just the drive up the coast line and then cut over into the parks it's gorgeous though. What Sequoia National Park? <SEP>. I had been there before when I lived in California. But that's my first trip back in thirty years maybe. <SEP> But that is God's country. It has to be. Do they still have the scenic roadways that cut through the center of some of those trees? <SEP> They don't. They. The last one. The first time I was there the tree was still standing. But it has since come down. But they are huge. If you've never seen them it's very awe inspiring. So far New Orleans is far west as I've gotten. New Orleans and Minneapolis. <SEP> There is lots of pretty country further west. <SEP> We're hoping one of these days soon after we're out of school to head that way. And you just need to take the little one. Show them all the pretties before they go away. <SEP>. They seem to be trailing out quickly. <SEP> Because there is lots to see. There is course the Grand Canyon. And the Painted Desert is real pretty in a different sort of way. And course the Sequoias and the Redwoods and you get up into Bryce Canyon and Yellowstone. And the Grand Tetons are gorgeous too. I imagine. <SEP> I would imagine they are. Course I guess I'm partial to big tree country. <SEP> I don't know why I got stuck down here in Texas now. I think it's called a job. I don't know. Not a whole lot of forestry down there is there? <SEP> Not around here. Not around here. Place is forested with those concrete trees. <SEP> Lot of concrete and glass. I guess that's God's place too. Anyway what do you figure has been the longest trip you've taken camping? <SEP> Probably the last one that I went to California. I took three weeks. Three weeks. <SEP> And I was actually on the road a little more than three weeks. The whole family then was in on this? <SEP> Everybody. That would have to be a blast. <SEP> It really was it was great. What. You went out from Texas up into that area? We took the southern route and went through the Grand Canyon again. And we stopped at Las Vegas for a couple of nights and then went into Malibu in California over on the coast. <SEP> And then we went up the Big Sur Highway all the way up to San Francisco. And then cut across through the wine country. And then went down to Sequoia National Park. <SEP> Big Sur Highway that's where you're pretty much in view of the ocean almost all the time aren't you?
sw3397.txt:. It's not often you get many women interested in football. <SEP> Do you follow football very much? I'm sorry what? Do you follow football very much? I don't. I haven't recently. <SEP> We can talk about something else. Do you have any. You married? I'm not. I guess kids are out. What's that? <SEP> Kids are out. Are you married? <SEP> I'm married. Got two boys. Do you like football? <SEP> I follow the Cowboys. But that's about it. The same here. Do you live in Dallas? <SEP> I am a pretty big Dallas fan been for a long time. But I haven't been to any games recently. But I try to catch the game every weekend that I can. <SEP> Have you ever been to a Cowboy's game? I haven't. It's pretty nice. We decided just to watch them at home. <SEP> But. That's good. At least you follow the game a little bit. <SEP> I'm not a fanatic about it. I don't know who played when and who does what like some guys are. I just like to watch. And hopefully they win. That's about the extent of it. Right now I'm in college. So I'm more into college football than professional I think. <SEP> I see. What school are you going to? I'm at B Y U. B Y U. So. <SEP> Leslie what are you studying? Nursing. Nursing. <SEP> My mom's an L V N. What are you planning to go into? Do you want to be an R N. Or. I haven't really picked a field. I've thought a lot about labor and delivery. But I don't know. <SEP> Try that. That's what my mom does labor and delivery. <SEP> She loves it. She really enjoys. Is she a nurse in Dallas? <SEP> She's a nurse in San Antonio. But she's been working on a late shift. She works I guess the graveyard's what you'd call it. <SEP> She works the graveyard shift. And she's worked that for years when I was small. I guess probably going on twenty years now. <SEP> And she really enjoys it. She likes the quiet that you have at that time of the night. And she just started a new job at a different hospital closer to where she lives. And she's really enjoying herself. She really likes it. That's great. <SEP> Good luck to you in pursuing your nursing degree. Hope you'll like it. <SEP> Do you plan on staying in the Dallas area? I'd like to come back to Dallas. Right now I'm in Utah of course. So. But my family's there. So. I'd like to go back. <SEP> I think Texas San Antonio in particular has got a large base of hospitals. I don't know about Dallas. I think Dallas is pretty scattered. Are you in San Antonio? I'm in Dallas. <SEP> But I'm originally from San Antonio. And they've got large medical center down there. They've got the U T Health Science Center out there also. <SEP> So if ever wanted pursue anything more than your nursing degree that'd be the place to do it. My brother-in-law is in the medical profession he's at medical school in San Antonio right now. <SEP>. Like I said good luck to you. <SEP> Take care. And maybe we'll meet up again some time.
sw2104.txt:I think we're supposed to discuss our view of the Soviet Union as a continuing threat to the United States. How do you feel about that. <SEP> I don't really. I more. I don't know about the government as much as. The people I wouldn't consider to be a threat at all. And I really don't feel much like the Soviet Union itself is a threat anymore. I'm worried about them. They're in a very tumultuous state right now with the kinds of adaptations that they're attempting to go through. I'm concerned about them not as a military threat but as a burden. They're very large. And they can become very quickly a large financial burden as one more stepchild we have to carry around. <SEP> I think that's a real important aspect. And that as the mo-. Let's see the more that we can do to help them become self-sufficient is going to eliminate more of the risk of that becoming a reality. I know that this last winter was very hard on several areas in the Ukraine particularly the coal mining regions of Siberia. The people there have money. That's not their problem. But there's no food for them to buy. And it's. You can't eat money. And they have a problem their whole attitude. I'm not sure which crop it was. But they had a crop that rotted in the fields because they couldn't get anyone to harvest it. And the people in the city were saying why should I go do that. Make the government do that that's not my job. <SEP> They've got a lot of adjustments to make with coming out of what they've been through now. And they've been under the oppression that they've been under for so long that now they have some freedoms. But they don't know how to act yet. They don't understand that to make that work. They've got to take some responsibility for themselves. It's not just the government's responsibility anymore. You can't just blame it on the government when they give you the freedom to take care of yourself then that puts some responsibility on you as well. And I think that they're having a hard time with the concept of you can not go back. People only go forward. And I think that that is giving them. I'm expecting a call. And unfortunately I think it's come through. I've enjoyed talking to you. Thank you. <SEP>
sw3573.txt:There we are. Tell me about the car that you've got. <SEP> I have a Honda hatchback nineteen eighty-four. And I had a hatchback a nineteen seventy-eight version before this one. <SEP> And I'll be honest with you. I have never found any automobile that has been more conscientiously constructed and put together. And it does its job. All I have to do on my Honda is change the oil and the filter every thirty-five hundred miles. And I did have to put two new front tires on at fifty thousand miles. But that car just purrs like the day it was built. I get forty-two miles per gallon on the highway and twenty-eight to thirty driving around in town. It's a five speed straight stick machine. And I can carry more in that trunk area in my little Honda than I can in the big cars. And I have a large Pontiac. And I have a sixty-nine Cougar which I'm saving because it's old. But it's in beautiful shape. <SEP> But I can carry as much in my Honda or more than I can in those other bigger cars. That's very interesting. I've had exactly the same experience with the one that I've got. And surprisingly it's also an eighty-four. And. <SEP> L X? I'm still here. I'm sorry what? It was an L X? It's an L X. It's not a hatchback. But it's. <SEP> Yours is a four door. Four door. And very very comfortable car. Big roomy trunk. <SEP> And very happy with it. And I must admit it's. If. My only consideration were buying another car just to tool around town in and make brief trips and things like that. I would very very seriously consider buying one. I think they're extraordinarily reliable cars. They are. My real concern with why I'm not sure I want to buy a Honda is because I have to make a kind of a steady trip down the road about once a month because I'm divorced. And I have a daughter that lives down in North Carolina. <SEP> And I drive down Interstate Ninety-five. And it's just an absolutely wild highway. <SEP> Ninety-five is wild in any car. There's no doubt about that. And. Because I run over to Crystal City or used to. I'm retiring the end of this month. <SEP> But I'm very much aware of the crazy driving that goes on over there. And you've got it. So having precious cargo in the car with me as you can well imagine it's very hard for me to imagine that a Honda's going to be as safe a car as the one that I've got my eye on which is a Volvo. In fact quite frankly I've owned a Volvo in the past. And I've. <SEP> They're expensive cars to keep up when they need service. But I've found that I've had a lot of luck with them. Course I'm a mechanically inclined kind of person. And I always wind up getting under the hood and finding out all the things that need to be taken care of and so forth. And I guess that's one thing that recommends the Honda to a lot of people is is there's just very little that you have to do under the hood. And. It just sits there and purrs. And all you got to do is the main major thing of changing that oil and that filter. I get six hundred miles on a tank of gas. I know. It's really amazing. <SEP> It's. Beautiful beautiful machine. <SEP> Incredible. Anyway I've been looking at the prices of these cars and so forth. And I think that it's very surprising some of these very expensive Volvos can be gotten for a lot less money than you would think if you're willing to buy ones that are about the vintage of the cars that you and I currently own. Is that right. <SEP> And. <SEP> A brand new Volvo costs thirty thousand dollars? Certainly some of the top end ones. You can still get even the low end wagons for less than twenty thousand dollars. And we get. In the Washington area of course being as affluent as it is there are lots and lots of Volvo dealerships down here. <SEP> So there're lots and lots of them available in the paper at any week. And I sort of scan the paper and look at them and so forth. And that's the other thing is that I've never really been too terribly much of a new car person. I think I've bought one or two new cars in my life. And I've tended to buy cars that are two or three and sometimes even four and five or six years old. This Honda that I have I bought used. And in fact it had an extraordinarily low amount of mileage on it. I've just rolled seventy thousand miles. And it's an eighty-four. So. <SEP> My eighty-four just has seventy-seven on it. And I've made many trips to Washington and down to Virginia Beach Virginia where my mother lives and things like that. And I drive it.
sw3368.txt:. What type of things do you feel would invade your privacy every day? I don't like it when people listen to my phone conversations like if they're outside my door while I'm talking in my room or when people look through my things in my bedroom. <SEP> That's right. That is really an invasion of privacy. I find it very annoying when I've worked all day to come in and my phone to ring constantly the solicitors and the carpet cleaning companies and. <SEP> Does that happen in your part of the country? I come home. <SEP> Definitely. And I am trying to get a few things done. And I can't do anything but answer the telephone. Some evenings are worse than others. But I wish I could put a stop to it. But I don't know what to do to stop it. <SEP> Even we used to have a sign on our door that said no soliciting. And they would still come to our door and knock and. They would think it didn't mean them I guess. <SEP> I guess not. Everybody but me. Do you live at home with your parents? <SEP>. So your privacy is invaded probably by other members of the family. <SEP> Mostly. What can you do to stop that? <SEP> I don't know. I am used to it now. But sometimes it sort of gets to me. But there is not much I can really do. <SEP> Just have to live with it I guess. Try to remember to respect their privacy. And maybe they will respect yours. And. <SEP> I don't know. I always. Do you have brothers? <SEP> I do. But they don't live at home. I was ra-. I had two younger brothers. And they nearly drove me crazy listening to telephone conversations. And. I used to do that though because I was the youngest. I would pick up the phone and listen to theirs. <SEP> But I. I would get in the bathroom and lock the door so maybe they couldn't hear me. And then they would go get on the other extension. And I could hear them. But I couldn't get them to hang up. <SEP> But I stopped doing that a long time ago. <SEP> And they still do it to me. Even in the office I find that people walk up and when you're on a conversation instead of walking off or just making themselves busy they'll stand there and listen to what you say until you hang up. This lady does that to me at work when I'm taking an order or something. <SEP> And she'll just sit there and listen like I'm doing something wrong. And she just started. And she is nice. But. But it gets annoying when they stand right over you watching everything you do. But I-. Let's see I can't think of anything else I'd really consider an invasion of privacy other than the phone solicitors. <SEP> About the only thing that really bothers me I don't have that many people coming to my door. Occasionally we'll have a person here or there but not as many as the phone calls. <SEP> But. And I guess that's really the thing that really bugs me the most. I can't think tha-. Our kids in our neighborhood used to bother me. But they've all gotten grown up now. And we live in a neighborhood where there is not any little kids to bother me since mine are all grown up. <SEP> But. What else would be an annoyance? I guess traffic could be an annoyance. Especially when you're in a hurry. Do you have a lot of traffic in your area? <SEP> It can get busy. Usually in the week I'm. Some days it's real real bad here. And you would like to feel like it's an invasion of privacy because you can't even ride down the road without people all the way around you. But. <SEP> I've traveled quiet a bit. And I've been through Dallas Texas. It's pretty busy. It really is. And pretty noisy. It really is. <SEP> I live right on a main thoroughfare. So when I first moved here I probably did consider that an invasion of privacy. Because at first you'd hear a lot of noise especially at night when you go to bed. <SEP> And every time a fire truck or anything went down the road I would wake up. But I guess I have gotten used to it because I don't even hear it anymore. I suppose you do. And I just close it out I guess because I don't remember waking up in several years at night when I'd hear a fire truck go by. <SEP>. I think they would probably have to pull into my drive before it bothered me. I am a real solid sleeper though. So that probably wouldn't bother me. I'd sleep right through it. They would have to chop down the door and get you out I guess. <SEP> It takes a lot. Let's see. What else is an invasion? I had an old boyfriend who looked through my notes one time. <SEP> I was mad because those were mine. Did you have has name all over them? <SEP> It was a letter from a girlfriend of mine. I was upset because those were mine. And I thought he. That was yours. I thought he would respect me more than that to look through my things and not trust me. <SEP> So that was upsetting. I was mad about that and my privacy there.
sw2039.txt:My favorite show is MASTERPIECE THEATRE. And it has been for a long time. But I feel almost ashamed to say that to anybody now because I have never met anybody who likes it. Do you by any chance? You do !. <SEP> Very much. Wouldn't you know. As a matter of fact I prefer public television. <SEP> And I particularly enjoy the English comedies and the English mysteries. I watch mysteries too. Is that what you're referring to? <SEP>. That is good. I like. Do you read? Vociferously. That's the reason why I like both of those programs is because they're kind of based on books. <SEP> And the plots are more challenging than the sitcoms of regular T V. Unfortunately for us at least here in the United States the only access we have to that of course is public television. <SEP> I'm not a great television watcher in any respect. But the watching. What I do watch is usually news and whatever is on public television. Any kind of. I also am very fond of great performances in that regard. Me too. <SEP> But. Did you stay up late and catch this RED DWARF? That was a scream. <SEP> As a matter of fact Turner Broadcasting has been broadcasting all of the James Bond movies every night this week. <SEP> So I have concentrated on watching James Bond movies this week. I used to like him too. He was my hero. In fact I like Sean Connery to this day. <SEP> They're showing LIVE AND LET DIE at this moment. And it is the first appearance of Roger Moore as double oh seven. <SEP> He can never cut it. That's true. I was just thinking that today he did well in some of the later movies he looks very effeminate in his early movies. <SEP> He does. <SEP> Whereas Sean Connery has maintained the ruddy look. But. I liked his accent too. And he can even be in movies that are not sexually oriented. And he still comes off great. <SEP> Last year or year before last he was voted the sexiest actor in movies or something. He is. He had my vote double. <SEP> The man is sixty-two years old. I don't care. But otherwise we. With P B S and so forth. And I particularly enjoy the series YES MINISTER? <SEP> What's that about? That was about the Interior Minister. It was a comedy. <SEP> The Interior Minister in England with the permanent secretary and bureaucracy and all that. <SEP> I've seen it several times. It's a scream. But I have to go to bed. I have to get up and work the next morning. I wish they'd put those. That's why I say did you stay up late to watch this RED DWARF. It came on after DOCTOR WHO on Saturday nights here at least. <SEP> And it should. Of course I li-. Really it was. I don't think they should show it during prime time. But still it was funny. <SEP> I know. I'm not much of a television watcher. I read as I said quite a bit. I read about two or three novels a week in addition to all the technical stuff. <SEP> What do you do? What kind of work do you do? I'm a Payroll Clerk. Just an accounting clerk. At T I? I have a friend who works for T I. And I work for a tire service here in. <SEP> I see. I'm from Dallas. The last two people who have called both worked for T I. And I just wondered. It could be T I -ers probably are participating more than anybody else. But I needed the money. This is five bucks here. <SEP> I think that's something we all ca-. Do you work for T I? I work for G T E. In Maryland. <SEP> How did you hear. We're not even supposed to be talking about this though are we? I guess not. <SEP> How did I hear about it? I work. They are gathering a data base for voice processing. And that's my field of work also. <SEP> So I know the people at T I who are doing this. And I heard about it. So I called them and asked if I could participate. And send in the forms et cetera and so forth. <SEP> We could go back to television shows. Speaking of public TV have you caught any of this series on the Bible? I have. I've heard that it's coming out with the idea that the Bible's not true. <SEP> That's. You could interpret it that way. I think what they are trying to say is that there is a great deal of historical truth. But the interpretation that actually got into the writing of the Bible itself after the King James Version when the committee wrote the translation that so much was lost in the translation particularly since most of the translations were in Greek. <SEP> For example. In Greek there are seven different words for love. So you can have. There's one word for love of your brother one word for love of your wife one word for love of your father and that sort of thing. So those types of interpretations really made a difference in how one might interpret the Bible now and what it's at. <SEP> So that's. You can look at it as though they are saying it's not true. But there's too much historical fact involved just from the histories that were developed around that time that are available. To deny that at least the majority of it is true. So it depends on how you look at it. <SEP> You can look at it. If you want to say that it's proven that it isn't true then you can very much look at it that way. I guess if you're looking for that you're. You can interpret the T V show in the same way that you can interpret the Bible. That. <SEP>. <SEP> But as far as that goes we at least agree on what we enjoy. That's right. But I don't know if there is a time limit on this so. <SEP> Surely we've made it. I think so too. Let's just. It's been very pleasant talking to you. It was very nice talking to you. <SEP> And have a good evening. You too.
sw3317.txt:What kind of house do you live in? We live in a brick home in far north Dallas. And it's four bedrooms and three and a half baths and swimming pool in the back. And It's about thirty-five hundred square feet. <SEP> It sounds like ours are pretty similar. I live in one. I don't have a swimming pool. And mine's about twenty-seven hundred square foot. But the four bedrooms. And all the rest of it sounds just about alike. I think it's pretty much typical for this area. <SEP> It is. Have you been living there very long? I've been in the house. About twelve and a half years. So you've been there longer. We built this one about. It's been let's see it's been six and a half years ago. <SEP> And we subcontracted it out ourselves. We bought the lot and had an architect draw the plans based on our specifications. <SEP> And then we subbed it out. So we've been here a little over six years now. And have really enjoyed it because we built what we wanted to have to live in. I bet you. <SEP> My husband got his big garage. We have a three car garage that he has a big work area in. <SEP> And he likes to rebuild cars and redo engines. And so he has all the work space he needs. That sounds interesting. I bet he's enjoyed having it that way. He. Because some-. Kind of hard to find one prebuilt that kind of fits those specifications. <SEP> It is. And that's why we decided to build. We looked at things that were already built. And if the house was large it seemed like the garages were small even if they were three car garages which is what we have. Then most of them don't have a three car garage. <SEP> They're kind of rare. <SEP> So we put a three car garage in. But even if they had three car garages they didn't have a work space. All of it was taken up with just car space. <SEP> And so he has a big landing area that's between where the cars are in the garage and where the house starts that he can work on. That. We've just got a two car garage. But my husband's got a big space in between where the cars are and the house where he has a big work shop workbench and everything. <SEP> Sounds like our husbands have similar interests. Mine does not work on cars. He just piddles on this and that. I see. But he likes to have a spot to keep all of his piddling things. <SEP> That's nice that it's not in your house. It really is. <SEP> Because they have a lot of things of their own. And I wouldn't mind having. And I at one time was going to fix up when one of my daughters left a bedroom to where I had a room to just put all of my craft stuff and sewing machine and all that kind of stuff. But someone. I don't know. It ended up I got some furniture back that one of them had moved out or something. <SEP> So I didn't end up with my vacant room like I had thought I would. We still have a son and daughter in college that come home. <SEP> And the other room we use as a guest bedroom because my husband's family come. His parents come. And also the kids have friends who come and stay. And so it seems like it's always used as a bedroom. <SEP> I still. All three of my daughters are married. But I don't know. I just still have need for the four bedrooms just having company from time to time. And some of them coming back home and things. <SEP> I understand. And we've got grandchildren now. So when they come they have to have a place. We. <SEP> That's true. And you don't want them to not be able to come because there's no room. That's right. You sure don't. At times I keep thinking though that might be kind of nice. I haven't reached that point yet. <SEP> I've heard people say that. But my middle son is engaged. My oldest son has been going with the same girl for a while. <SEP> He's out of college and has a good job. So he could afford to get married but is not engaged yet. <SEP> And my daughter's been going with the same boy for a while. But she's still in college. And we're just as happy for her to finish her education first. That's what she plans to do. I don't blame you for that. <SEP> I hope so. I have the three girls. And then we ended up with four grandsons. And little boys are around the house a whole lot more than girls. <SEP> A whole new world. And I enjoy them coming but for short doses. <SEP> I can understand. It feels. After they've been here ten minutes they have already explored the entire house. They know everything. But they're fun. <SEP> So you're all back to the safety catches and the whole nine yards or either watching them every minute. I just watch them. I never did put things up when my kids were little. And I haven't with them. I try to teach them not to get into things. <SEP> That's the same thing that I did. I hope I'll be able to do the same with grandchildren. I think that once you do that your children kind of develop the same attitudes. At least my daughters have. They try to teach theirs not to get into things instead of having to put everything up. So it's worked pretty well. There's. I don't really think anything's been broken. Every now and then we have to kind of go and say don't bother this. But all in all they mind pretty well. But I guess most of the hou-. D-. What kind of roof does your house have? Here I'm getting off the subject. <SEP> We have.
sw3227.txt:What kind of music do you like? I was thinking about it for a long time. And I like basically almost every form of music and type of music. I don't have a whole lot of dislikes. I like jazz especially the blues. And I like a lot of the classics everything back from Bach and Beethoven and Chopin and just in general everything. <SEP> I enjoy a lot of the modern forms. Do you like rock and those kind of things punk even. <SEP> That gets. Some of the punk when I was in high school that was one of the big things was punk music. And some of it has a lot to say the music does the lyrics do. But the actual. <SEP> I don't think they have a whole lot to say even. It really expresses some of the opinions of the people who enjoy the music. I guess. But as far as a musical art form I just don't see a whole lot of art to it. <SEP>. Do you like rap? Some of it. It depends. The two types of rap I enjoy to listen to and one is the rap that is just funny. And they usually do a lot of satire. <SEP> That kind I kind of like. <SEP> Some of it is kind of pointless. The monotonous. That's not. I don't enjoy that at all when they're just talking about I'm better than you and. <SEP> I don't like that. I like the funny satire. And then some of it actually gets into some serious discussions of problems in urban society. <SEP> It really does. It talks about race relations and police relations. And that. I guess I don't really care to listen to rap that much except for once in a while some of the funny more satire kind some times. <SEP> I'm with you though. I like classical. I don't like to listen to it all the time but some of the time anyway. I like easy listening just kind of. I guess I don't care much for rock and roll any more. I used to like it all right. But I don't really care to listen to it any more for some reason. Let's see. Country western I'm not quite as big on that. Some of it's okay. That's about my opinion of that. <SEP> It's okay. Some of it kind of falls in the rap category I guess. The thing about country western that I don't enjoy is doesn't seem to be any imagination behind it. <SEP> One country and western song sounds like every other country and western. A lot of them sound really similar. <SEP> And so the musicians don't get to really get into their music. They just play a certain number of chords. The drummer plays a certain beat. And you have a country and western song. <SEP> And. That's kind of the way I feel about rock and roll sometimes too I guess. They don't really. Has kind of the same sound over and over. And the other thing I don't like about it is they have a tendency to play the instrumental so loud that you can't understand what the lyrics are. <SEP> You can't understand what they're saying on some of those songs which probably is just as well on some of them too. And I can't say that I like a lot of the very modern rock and roll. <SEP> But I really enjoy the fifties the sixties and some of the seventies rock and roll. <SEP> Earlier things. And I really enjoy especially the sixties.
sw3584.txt:Tell me about your home. Right now we're living in. It's me my wife and two young boys. And right now we're in either a zero lot line or a garden home. Which you might call it. <SEP> So we don't have a big yard. But when my wife and I first moved in it was just the two of us. So it was enough. And it's what they call a story and a half. Because it's not a full two story. Where everything on top is on bottom. <SEP> So it's got real high ceilings on half the house. And the other half is just standard sized ceilings. And it's about a five year old house now. It sounds nice. <SEP> It's pretty nice. Unfortunately the builder who built it went out of business already. It was a. Landmark is the one who built it. These guys that gambled high lost big. <SEP> That's true. And I'm insulating myself from that problem. <SEP> Exactly what happened to them. I'm building my own house. That's nice. And as I look out the window of my trailer I can envision all the insulation that's going up today. <SEP>. Are you doing it yourself? <SEP> I used to be a builder. That's nice. And I retired about five years ago and started college. <SEP> I see. And now I'm a college educated builder. There's still no work. <SEP> So I decided this summer that we had enough credit on the credit cards to buy the materials. So I did. That's great. And the state has a law that says you can not borrow the money to build your own home. <SEP> R-. Is that so? I didn't know that. You can borrow the money to pay somebody else to build your house. But you can't borrow the money to build your own. That sounds kind of dumb. It's to protect the banks from guys that say I want to build my own house and go out a build a spec home. <SEP> And then it doesn't sell. And then the bank's holding the bag. <SEP>. As you know anything that involves the government works half as well as it's supposed to costs three times as much. <SEP> That's right. Hence the savings and loan problem we have. That's true. But my home is fairly simple. It's designed to be added on to. <SEP> That's good. I figure it's just me and my wife. But I like to do stuff with my hands and whatnot. So I want to have a shop. <SEP> How big a lot do you got it on? Ten acres. That's nice. That's real nice. It's really nice too because I can't see my nearest neighbor. He's on the other side of a hill. <SEP> And my second nearest neighbor is a dot on the horizon. Seriously. <SEP> That's pretty good. In the winter time I can see another guy. But he's. I can just make out his place. I've got a thirty mile view to the east and about ten miles to the north. <SEP>. And. <SEP> That's pretty good. I took a lot of time in choosing this site because the house has no heating or air conditioning. <SEP> You don't plan on putting any of that in? It's got a very small furnace. And we'll use a wood burning stove as well. <SEP> But in the house itself I've been working inside lo- these many months. And I have not had to use the heat. <SEP> Because it's all geothermal. That's pretty good. And with all the. I've got. On the south side is all glass. As much as I could get in it. And the east side is glass. <SEP> I've got one two three four five six windows in the east side on forty-eight feet. So it's almost all glass. And. <SEP> My wife would love that. There's no place in the house where you can stand and not see four windows. She loves lots of windows. <SEP> That's great. So. Is it a single story? Not really. It's on the side of a hill. <SEP> I see. So the first. The. Residential level at the side that's in the hill is about four feet deep. <SEP> I see. And the side that's on the other side is about six feet high. So I've got a pretty good grade there. <SEP> And then when I put the verandas which will be twelve feet out all the way around on the north south and east sides that will define the shop. <SEP> That's kind of like a Victorian style? I've always liked that. The. We don't have much yard. But I built a small deck in the back. <SEP> But I see these magazines where dig your own deck. I kind of wish I had them those size property and one with a grade on it so I can build a real nice deck.
sw2124.txt:What do you like to cook? I like to cook foods I like to eat. I like to eat Italian food best. <SEP> And I find that that's pretty easy to cook because a lot of it is one dish meals type things and they're kind of convenient. That would be good for a dinner party to cook that because you don't have to deal with eight different things coming out at once. <SEP> Is that what you usually cook when you have a party. I usually have parties that are smaller groups. I've never had a real big dinner party except at traditional holidays like Thanksgiving and such. <SEP> And so. I guess I usually do. I like to cook heavy sauces and noodles and pasta and such. That sounds good. Fattening. <SEP> How about you. What do you like to cook? We. It's funny that we're talking about this. We just had a dinner party. And we had. Our senior pastor and his wife came over. And I catered to their diet is the only thing though. So it wasn't something I really wanted to make. I really wanted to make red beans and rice with. Sausage. <SEP> Because I'm from New Orleans originally. And I was going to make that red beans and rice with those Cajun sausage and French bread with garlic butter and stuff. And there's salad. And then for desert I really wanted to make just brownies. Or French donuts would have been good. But it's real hard to make them. They don't really come out like they do in New Orleans up here. I don't know why. <SEP> I don't know if it's me or the water or the recipe I have. But. Humidity or something. That's what I want. That's what I like to make is just real neat stuff like that. But. <SEP> Kind of like the Italian. It's really good. But instead I catered to their diet. So I made baked chicken in the crock pot. And it was good and everything. It had all the vegetables in it. But it seemed kind of boring compared. It kind of down played compared to what you would like. <SEP> Do you find yourself with all the cholesterol and high fiber changing the way that you entertain? I find it changing the way that I eat but not the way I entertain. Because I guess I feel like if they're on a diet like that I'm going to honor that. But if it's just. Another couple came over a couple weeks later. And I made. What did I make that night. I made a roast. And I made. I can't believe this. My husband broke the coffee pot I just bought yesterday. <SEP> I can't believe that. Anyway but I asked. When Ricky and Carrie came over we made a pot roast with rice and gravy and salad and the whole bit. And normally we don't eat like that during the week because of the calories and the fat in it. <SEP> But when we're having guests we just kind of say just do it. And I made blueberry cobbler. And we had extra crust with it. It was so fattening. <SEP> That sounds good. But I don't think we gained any weight from it. So. Every once in a while I think I feel the same way. When I'm entertaining I don't take that thing into consideration unless it's really really. A lot of women will turn down dessert if it's too rich simply because they don't want the extra calories. So I think dessert is the only thing that I kind of down play sometimes. I made an apple pan downy when the pastor and his wife came over. And she didn't eat it. <SEP> But I did bake apples so that it would be not brownies. I figured there was less calories in apple pan downy than in fudge brownies. So I've read a good brownie recipe. <SEP> That's good. Anyway so I guess that's about what I did when I entertained. So do you have anything else you want to say about it? <SEP> Nothing comes to mind right off. So I guess not. It was nice talking to you. You too. <SEP>
sw3256.txt:I did hear the end of the prompt this time. Was that you that we didn't hear the whole prompt? And it said do we think that certain crimes should fit certain punishments. And I was thinking about it after I got off the phone that I really wish that there was some way to send a message to people about child abuse and things like that. <SEP> That. Those kind of crimes deserve some kind of severe punishment. Too often I feel that people get off without. <SEP> I agree with you although I will say. I'm not sure. I sometimes have a problem with some of the more famous people who all of a sudden are crawling out of the woodwork to say that whatever problems they have was because they were abused as children. And the parents are saying wait a minute. We didn't do anything like that. And I guess before I'd like to see that severe of a punishment for it it has to be an absolute certainty like caught at it or something. <SEP> Or if they severely beat up on a child I would have absolutely no problem at all with. <SEP> I don't buy the routine they're just sick. Or they were abused when they were little. Forget that. Sometimes they even wonder when criminals plead temporary insanity for crimes that are so severe and then they get sent to a mental institution. <SEP> And they play loony for a while. And then they're back out in public. But I can't see that either. I don't feel that that should be any excuse at all or any reason to not use capital punishment. <SEP> I agree. I agree. Because we. I think if I wanted to badly enough I could convince somebody I was crazy. <SEP> So my family may say that on occasion. Who knows. I don't think it's that hard to do to convince somebody that you just had no control over what you were doing. <SEP> And too they can always be blaming the other person. She looked like my mother who abused me when I was a child or something which I think is unfortunate for that person and yet shouldn't be an excuse. <SEP> I guess a lot of. And I was just seeing in the newspaper or the grocery store that some Miss America was abused by the man she loved. And. That's the new one. Is that the new. I just happened to see the headline on it. And I couldn't realize if it was the husband or the father or what. But I thought if children are being abused I'm wondering how our school system is failing that they're not even seeing this. If it was that severe that when they're later in life adults that it's all of a sudden affecting them in this way that it wasn't shown up at all when they were younger. And that kind of worries me with my kids only being under two and not having to deal with that yet. But still. <SEP> You're right. And yet did you ever in your life when you were little know anybody or hear anything of anything like this? Never. And I lived in California which I feel like California. <SEP> Anything can go on in California. Ye-. But I was from conservative Wisconsin. <SEP> And there was nothing on it. Which makes me wonder if it's as prevalent as some of them claim. It's. You just don't know. And it all. Unless they're caught in the act or the child is very badly beaten up it comes down to a one word against the other that type thing. <SEP> Texas is capital punishment for. It used to be just capital murder. And now they added mass murder. Are those the only two things that we. I really would have no idea. I don't really know. Because I have a feeling it is. And I think there ought to be more things added to it. <SEP> That would be pretty lenient in my opinion. I. Killing a child or kidnapping. And possibly not. I guess kidnapping maybe if the person gets very badly hurt. If they release them two hours later he probably doesn't deserve the death penalty. That. Or I've heard when I.
sw2547.txt:. What go ahead and tell me about your home. My home at the moment is an apartment. Is that right? <SEP> I work here in Germantown. But I live in Pensacola Florida. That's interesting. I own a home in Pensacola. And let's see. We are to compare homes. Correct? <SEP> My home is typical for the area. I live in a development. It's a relatively. It sounds like I'm bragging. That's okay. But it's upper middle class kind of an environment. <SEP> It's a two story colonial which my wife and I designed. That's neat. It has around thirty-two hundred square feet. Five bedrooms and so forth and so on. That's large. <SEP> And I would imagine in terms of size and so forth it's relatively typical for the area. It might be. I would say it's probably midsized for the area. There are some smaller. And there are several larger. But based in terms of in that area of Florida it's what. <SEP> It is probably ten years old. That's not too bad. That's still fairly new. <SEP> And so it's. In terms of cost and size and so forth it. The housing there is extremely affordable compared to other parts of the country. Let's say compared to Maryland that same house here would probably cost three-quarters of a million dollars. But. You're kidding. <SEP> Do you mind if I ask what it's worth down there. What it's. I really haven't. When we built it ten years ago it ran around a hundred and forty thousand dollars. <SEP> So I haven't really priced in the market. So I. It sounds like. From the way you described it a home like that here would be at least two hundred and fifty thousand. <SEP> Dallas is a very marked up area. Although right now it's a lot lower because of all the layoffs and everything. The economy around here is real poor. <SEP> I thought that was on the upswing again now. Not really. The area itself the Fort Worth Dallas area has become kind of depressed because there's been so many layoffs with big companies including Texas Instruments. <SEP> There's been tremendous amounts of layoffs. So really housing is real bad. The economy itself around here is not too terribly bad. But housing is still real bad. <SEP> Pensacola has. It's really is a buyer's market there now. This is. And it isn't because of the. There has been a lot of speculative building. I don't know perhaps not in Dallas. <SEP> But I'm sure people in Galveston and so forth would be knowledgeable about it. Pensacola is a Navy town. And home porting was a possibility a few years ago. <SEP> They were expecting an influx of something on the order of fifty thousand people or more from the Navy. A new carrier was coming in and the attendant support vessels. That's no longer the case. So do you think. <SEP> It was overdeveloped then? It is. The number of single family units on sale is phenomenal compared to the population. <SEP> And so. Overbuilding has been a real problem there. So you can still get a good house for a very very reasonable price. And good I would. Let's say typical say three bedroom two and a half baths on a half acre or so of land reasonable construction would probably run you right now somewhere between a hundred and a hundred and forty thousand dollars. And probably perhaps cheaper depending upon the neighborhood. <SEP>. <SEP> What about your home? Right now we're just renting. But it is a home. It's a four bedroom home. It has about eighteen hundred square feet. It's on one floor. <SEP> We have no basement. I don't know. Nor do we. But. <SEP> I wasn't sure. Most of the ones up north and everything do. But anyway it's also pretty typical for the area. Most of this area was developed. This house was built in seventy-four. <SEP> So most of the. It's almost twenty years old. And most of the houses around here were built pretty much the same style. We have a friend that lives two blocks over. And his house is almost identical to us except his is three bedrooms and ours is four. But otherwise the layout is pretty much the same. So I think most of them are. There was. It. Like most areas that are built. There were probably two or three styles you could choose from. <SEP> And that's pretty much all the houses in the area for probably a square mile at least maybe even a little bit more than that. The housing here in Maryland is just atrocious. And in the entire D C area. I'm only about twelve miles or so from the border of Washington D C and Montgomery County. Maryland is probably one of the most expensive places to. Where are you in relation to Sevren? <SEP> Are you close to Sevren? We are west. <SEP> Sevren is east near the eastern shore. I just. If I had. I have a sister that used to live in Sevren. <SEP> And they bought their home around nineteen seventy-five or something like that. And they paid. They had it built from. They designed it and everything. And to have it built they only paid forty thousand for it. And when they left the area they sold it for a hundred and twenty thousand. That's not unusual. So I just wondered if the whole area was like that or. <SEP> That area over there is not as expensive as in the immediate Washington area. And so I was just looking. For example there is a condominium complex next to the apartment complex where I live. And I was over there recently looking at the possibility of buying a two bedroom condominium. And ninety-two thousand dollars for a two bedroom which is essentially a two bedroom apartment. <SEP> It was very nicely done. I would have thought. Sounds like a lot of money though. <SEP> I can't envision spending that much money on something along those lines. <SEP> So it's. I guess you pay the piper. Plus the taxes around here are phenomenally high. <SEP> For the. And so you on that. It's not unusual for example for somewhere around here on. What you described as your house and what I would describe as my house. In Pensacola Florida on that house with the homestead exemption and so forth and so on might pay three or four hundred dollars a year taxes. Maybe a little bit higher than that now. <SEP> But that same house here you'd pay almost six thousand dollars a year taxes on it. <SEP> That's. So it's so the question of whether to buy here or move to another county drive twenty more miles north buy a condominium for approximately the same price maybe a little lower. <SEP> But the taxes would be perhaps maybe one-third of. That much of a difference? <SEP>. So. <SEP> It's really sad. This is one of the most highly taxed areas in the country. Why is that? Do you know? <SEP> They do have such things as extremely good school systems for example. It has one of the best school systems in the country. And because the cost of living around here is so high. <SEP> Public employees make great salaries around here. I was reading just recently where the typical administrator in the Montgomery County Public Schools makes. <SEP> And I'm not. This is the figure. He makes eighty thousand dollars a year. That's. <SEP> And I. By administrator I think I mean. They did not define it. But for example a curriculum supervisor or principal or someone in that range.
sw3377.txt:I guess I've always kind of liked golf. I worked on a golf course at one time. And that's how I picked up golf. And I don't know. It's just kind of a challenging game. It sure is. I play at least three times a week. <SEP> I'm on it. I haven't gotten the chance lately though to play. I'm trying to get back into it. So I got to start all over again. It's not like riding a bicycle. You do tend to forget. <SEP> I'm one of those rare left-handed golfers. And I do enjoy playing. What is your handicap? <SEP> Right now it's three. I was down at about four or five quite awhile ago. It's probably up there to twenty now if I to start again. If you play with some consistency though you can get it right back down. I have got to try and get out there. I know with our long winters I enjoy watching it. I don't know if it's just because I like the game or I just like to see the warm weather. <SEP> We can usually play here year around. Sometimes in January it's not too comfortable to play. But there is usually two or three days in the week that you can get out there and play. And I'm pretty much addicted to golf. So. I get out there one way or the other. That's the problem out here with the long layovers with the winter. You almost have to relearn every spring to get back out. <SEP> It's a good game though. It's very challenging. And the reason I like it so much is because I'm essentially playing against myself. That's the way I look at it. I play in a lot of groups. But they keep score between themselves. But I really don't care. I go out. And each shot I say this is what I'm going to try to do. <SEP> And then I see how close I can come to that. You always work on trying to improve each day. And. And inevitably one facet of my game isn't working at one time or another. Either I'm not driving very well. Or I'm not hitting long irons very well. Or I'm not putting well. But sometimes it all comes together. I know what you mean. When I used to golf out there I'd putt well but I wouldn't chip well. One of the two. Or something would go wrong. But I always managed to get near par anyway. <SEP> We just had the tour championship here in Pine Hurst. And I went to that. Craig Statler won in a playoff. <SEP> But we. This is a big golf area. We have a lot of. I'd say we probably have within fifteen miles twenty golf communities built around courses that are pretty well designed and then of course Pine Hurst. And we still have the Greensboro Open here every year. Do you have long waits to get on the course? <SEP> We do as a matter of fact. It's only been that way in the last five years. But now you. Most of the courses have a two day advance tee time you have to call. I just moved into this small community. So I'm going to try and get into one of the golf courses here. <SEP> I'm hoping that won't be cou-. I was from the twin cities area. <SEP> <SEP> That's some cold golf too isn't it? Are you sure you guys aren't having the bad weather? <SEP> We have cold. Usually January and the first two weeks of February. I wish that's all we had. <SEP> But last week we were in the seventies. Something is coming through now. So it's in the low forties right now. But it's supposed to leave early in the week and then be back in the sixties. We have very windy winters and very cold. <SEP> But we don't get any snow anymore. I don't know what changed that pattern. We used to get four or five inches a year. Now we get nothing. It's been probably five years since we've had any measurable snowfall. I see. At least that doesn't get in the way of golfing. So that. But I have played golf in the snow before. Get out my orange golf ball and go out. <SEP> That's what they do here sometimes. You hear about it where they will take the orange ball out there. But if you got.
sw3728.txt:What. Do you watch much T V. Or. I don't watch much T V. Usually the reason I will turn it on is to hear the news. The news. <SEP> But I don't think of that every day even. I think I get most of my current events. I get them from everywhere. I sometimes watch T V if I. I guess I watch T V if I haven't read the paper that day. We don't get a paper. But I work at a. I teach a college class. And. <SEP> There's a. The library has a paper. And so I often drop in on a break and read it. And I keep the radio on quite a bit when I'm home. <SEP> And then I figure if there's big news I'll hear it from my husband when he gets home or someone else. I also. I get it from all over. I watch the news every day. And we have a news. We get the newspaper and magazines anything. <SEP> I'm. I read a lot. So I get. I'm really up on current affairs. I get the news and everything. <SEP> What's your favorite news. Do you get a news magazine. Or. I'm not getting an-. I'm not getting any news magazines. But as I said I do. It's easy to keep up on current event- especially when you get a paper every day. <SEP> We've got. <SEP>. And. <SEP> Are you satisfied with the quality of coverage? I don't know. Is there anything missing? I. It's kind of hard to know. And I don't know what are we supposed to compare it to the quality. <SEP> Whatever they tell you. I guess I'm satisfied. I. They're supposedly covering everything that happens. So. You know. <SEP> I do feel a little bit like. Being from California and wanting to hear. I've heard through the grapevine sometimes that there's been an earthquake or sliding or something. And. I don't ever hear it in the news here. <SEP> Sometimes it's such a. It's so slight the tremors are so slight that they don't even bother putting it in the paper. <SEP> But most of the times I find that even if they do have tremors out there there'll be a small article in the paper about it. But. <SEP> I sometimes feel like the Dallas paper and the DALLAS NEWS the top headlines are always a murder. That's what sells papers. That's because there's a high crime rate. <SEP>. That's been like that since the first newspaper. <SEP> I'm sure. But I don't know. I guess I'm satisfied. I don't. What basis of comparison do we have really? <SEP> We don't get a. That's true. We certainly get enough coverage. We can get news. There's even the C N N channel where we can get world news twenty-four hours a day. I was going to. <SEP> Sometimes you don't even want to be bothered with the news because it's all so bad. It's all so negative. <SEP> Often times. But. So. We have to keep talking I guess. <SEP> I guess we can end. It's just whenever we're. Is it really? <SEP> Have you always gone until the recording? I don't. I guess we're not supposed to. I don't know. I guess we're supposed to wait. <SEP> Or I don't know. <SEP> I. One. Was it last week we were supposed to talk about gardening. And it was really funny. I mixed it made the call. And it happened to be my friend who lives a few blocks away. <SEP> And it was really. We were laughing. I mean. But we don't really do any gardening. So that took a minute. And then we just talked about whatever. <SEP> Interesting. Some topics. Really this topic this is. There really isn't much to say after you tell the person where they find their sources of information from. <SEP>. And then if they're satisfied. And that's about it really. <SEP> It's hard to talk for five minutes on this. <SEP> I guess I can just say it bothers me that I hear a lot on the news that. It seems like some things are sensationalized or some things are. You'll hear one report. And then you'll hear that they didn't.
sw2818.txt:. Do you have any friends that have children? I do have friends that have children. <SEP> And what do they say about finding adequate child care? They. I think that may be the key word. I think that's correct. They're relatively nonexistent from what I hear from my friends. It seems like even when they have consulted day care centers that are quote unquote reputable that are sort of like a chain still you have to deal with the people that happen to be operating it locally. <SEP> And it's just a matter of trust. I think they feel that these people are under qualified basically and underpaid. And I think that sort of goes hand in hand. So it's difficult for them. We certainly found that to be true. <SEP> Indeed we've. Our children are now eleven and nine. And we moved away from institutionalized child care. And found that more creative avenues were the right answer for us. <SEP>. <SEP>. At one point in time we've had au pairs by trading services with them. <SEP> And that worked for a while. But adequate ones were really tough to find. I'm sure that's true. <SEP> It takes that mixture of a very mature college student who wants to do something and yet is willing to give the time and the interest to the children. <SEP> I do have a friend that. She and her roommate became live-in care givers. And they loved it. They had stayed with this family from the time these children were small four or five years old up until they were well into grade school. And she was paid very well because the parents trusted them. And they had done such a good job. So I can see where someone in a position like that in a live-in capacity would definitely be the way to go if you're lucky enough to have the financial to be able to do that. That's true. <SEP> And that's something that we're struggling with now. I think it's just a matter of priorities. It's a terrible thing to say when you're speaking of children in that way. But you still have to be realistic as well I think. <SEP>. Much as other cultures disagree our lives don't revolve around our children. And that's bad to have to admit too. But it's just there's so much pressure when you're talking about two people that work outside the home. And I think that is one reason why I continue to be without children. I. It's just such a responsibility and when I've had friends that have said. When you hear people say it alters your life forever take heed. I realize that's true. So it's such a responsibility. <SEP> It certainly is. If I can the other side of the coin for a moment. It is such an honor and a thrill to be a parent that most of the time it's worth it. <SEP>. Most of the time. <SEP> I just have to be honest about it. It's not always worth it. <SEP> There are those times when I think if I didn't have children I could be out playing bridge or golf. But it's funny. I had a friend that said before we always said we don't want children because we can't go off on the spur of the moment or this or that and the other. And she got older. And she said but we never do those things anyway. So why am I waiting. It's just the way your attitude changes. And you mature I suppose. But the thing about the child care I have friends that struggle financially and they both do have to work. It's a matter not necessarily that she might want to stay home or he as well. But they need the money. And when I seen some of my friends that have taken that six week old baby to someone else I can imagine how emotional it must be. And multiplied by the fact that you don't really trust the person or you're uncomfortable with the situation as far as child care. It's just a scary thing. We were lucky when our children were that age. And having lived in a community for a while we knew the person to whom we were entrusting our children. That's a big plus. <SEP> And felt that feeling of safety. <SEP> And were leaving them small children. But we also learned something from that experience as our children got older. <SEP> It's that care givers are not omniscient. They are not all things to all people or all children. <SEP>. The ones that are good with babies tend not to be good with toddlers. <SEP> I think it takes a. I don't know. I think your patient level needs to increase as the child gets older. I think that might be part of the problem with some people. Taking care of a baby is not an easy thing. But when you have them in their little feet are moving. And you have to chase them down constantly. I'm sure that's a whole new ball game. <SEP> I have a nine year old that I would trade happily for a baby. You sound like you're pretty well passed the worst of it as far as worrying about. Since they're both in school you don't have to worry about a full-time person to take care of them. You don't know what happens after they get in school. That's something altogether different. <SEP> We have one takes piano lessons somewhere on one afternoon. And the other one of course can't do the same thing. Of course not. <SEP> It has to be somewhere else. And. It's not adequate to sit and wait. You can't do that. <SEP> That just. That will not do. That's out of the question. I'm sure. Of course. <SEP> But we are helping. We are being cooperative. What's wrong with you? <SEP> You don't understand this. That's just the way their minds work. And it's almost everyday. That's amazing. It's amazing that people actually. The stamina that you must draw from yourself to deal with it. It must be interesting. I guess you find out that you're a much stronger person than you thought maybe. <SEP> I've been finding out that I really am a nice person. Hit for many years. Because I didn't need it. <SEP> And now I need it. Now it's just a reservoir that you tend to regularly I'm sure. And it stays low a lot. <SEP> Are your children now. Do you feel comfortable with them coming home after school until you and your wife get home. Or. Absolutely not. <SEP> One of them I would leave unsupervised any time any place any where. The other one I wouldn't leave unsupervised two minutes. That's just a difference in kids I suppose. <SEP> That's true. What. One leads the other? <SEP> And. And it's the one that's going downhill. Is it the one that needs more supervision that has a bad influence on the older or more mature one? Of course. How unfortunate. <SEP> You don't think that good prevails. I'm living in a dream world. What do I know. As I said I don't have kids. And I'm an only child. So I've never been around children. So I'm sort of at a loss where that's concerned. But I do hear my friends talk about it. We're having such fun. My wife and I were both only children. <SEP> And we just couldn't wait to have two children so they would be such friends. That's like World War Three every minute. I don't know. I have to admit I was selfish as a child. I didn't want a brother or sister. And now that I'm older of course it's different. I think about wouldn't it be nice. But anyway. <SEP> Just make good friends. I have wonderful friends. That's true. My best friend is one child of ten. And so they just sort of adopted me as their eleventh child. So that worked out pretty well. She never had to worry about taking anybody to child care because there was always somebody there older to deal with them. So I guess that's an alternative. If you could just have a whole bunch. Have enough. <SEP> By the time the youngest ones are there you'll have older one to take care of them. That's true. I don't know. When you see all these horror stories on television about child care. And. I just. I was seeing something on the television earlier about a little girl that's been telling her mother these terrible stories. And of course people are denying it. And it's just frightening. It really is. <SEP> What's frightening is a parent to see things that you don't understand. And then you don't really know what happened. <SEP> We gave up on one baby sitter because we came home one night and found pieces of hair ribbon tied in a chair. Where obviously she had. <SEP>
sw3420.txt:My name is Donna. And I'm calling from Plano Texas. This is Laurie. And I'm in Garland. Would you like me to go first? <SEP> I have three children two who are in regular school eleven year old an eight year old. And then my little one three year old is in a University of Gymnastics. It's a preschool. And I think it was really hard to pick the right day care or preschool or Mother's Day Out. I guess you can classify them all together. <SEP> Some of the qualifications that I look for was the cost and exactly what they did if it was structured or nonstructured if they had a little academic in there and what the qualifications of the teachers' were and if the place was clean and the hours. And just kind of going by word of mouth and finding out if anybody else has been pleased with their program that kind of stuff. <SEP> We don't have any children. But we're going to have one next year. Congratulations. <SEP> So that's something that I'm probably going to be looking at maybe in the future. We haven't quite decided if I'm going to. I'm working part time now. And I don't know if I'll be doing that or what we're going to do. Or staying home. <SEP> But if we do then I'm going to need to find somebody. And our church has a Mother's Day Out program which they started last year. And we know a lot of people at the church. So I would feel very confident with leaving my child there. That's a very good place to start I think. <SEP> The Mother's Day Out programs. And that's where Shannon had started in a Mother's Day Out program. And the churches always have a pretty good program. And you have to make sure that you apply pretty early because a lot of places have very long waiting lists. <SEP> And another question to ask is if they're state certified if the teachers have their Master's degree in child education and child development. <SEP> What kind of a structure is it going to be. When your child's a little bit older like a three year old you'd be more concerned with if there's a type of care that it's torture for them to lay down and take a nap. Is there a mandatory nap time? <SEP> Time. What they do at Shannon's school is have a video tape going. And they lay on these little mats. And if they fall asleep they kind of let them sleep. And the teacher stays with the sleeping ones. And the other ones get up and go do something else. So she doesn't have to necessary take a nap there which is nice. <SEP>. It's kind of scary because you hear so many bad things about day cares lately. That's true. <SEP> And so I guess it's such a growing concern. But then there's a lot of good things you don't hear. And sometimes when the child's a lot younger before three years old the church is a good program. And sometimes you even consider having a private person come to your own home when they're real little or something like that. And another consideration is what's the ratio of teachers to children. <SEP> To children. Because that makes a difference. And if your child would be maybe sleeping in that crib all day. Just your child or do they just put any child in any crib. <SEP> You would want maybe your child to have their own sheets all the time and not have another child use that bed. <SEP> I'm sure that whatever you decide you'll be happy with. And it's exciting time to have a new one. <SEP> We're pretty excited. I bet. That's wonderful. But we have been thinking about that. But it's a little ways off in the future. <SEP> But I figure I'd probably start asking around at church because I know they have a limit as to how old they can be before you can bring them in. Asking. <SEP> Some places take them as infants like eight weeks even. There's a place to look into. A friend of mine who's a nurse was telling about a wonderful new place that opened some place on Fifteenth Street. Up. It's in Plano somewhere where. Nurses that used to work in the hospital take care of infants and then only up to two years old. <SEP> And it's supposed to be really a. Some places just specialize in just real little ones. And then other ones are the older children. <SEP> But it is a difficult situation I think. When they're little it's almost easier to leave them because when they're three and they're cry.
sw2427.txt:What type of lawn and garden work do you do? I do it all. I see. Do you have a garden? <SEP> I try to grow a vegetable garden. And. We do the same thing. I just have a small plot it's ten feet by five feet. I have two plots. One's ten by ten. And one's fifteen by four. I see. <SEP> It's a long skinny one. And. You do a lot more area than I do. I've. All the rest of my backyard is pool and decking. It's all the dirt I have left in my backyard. I see. <SEP> I see. I enjoy fiddling around. It's cheap entertainment. It's nice to get out in the open air. It is. <SEP> And especially when the weather's not too hot or not raining or whatever. That's right. <SEP> But sometimes I wish I had more space. I enjoy. Excuse me go ahead. <SEP> I grow a lot of things a lot of food. <SEP> And sometimes I want to plant something there's not enough room to plant. Some of those things like the things that vine like cucumbers or squash or something like that. Plant one of those. That's right. That's right. <SEP> Takes a lot of room. <SEP> And it takes up your whole space. It sure does. I made mistake one year and planted some cantaloupe. What a mistake that was. <SEP> They just run all over the place don't they. They do. It was very good. It just takes up like you say a lot of your garden area. <SEP>. It's the first and only time I've done that. We don't do anything exotic. We just do tomatoes bell peppers radishes and turnips not turnips carrots beets and things like that. The basics. <SEP>. That's what we do too. My wife used to plant a few snow peas. I don't really care for snow peas. She just plants a few for herself. <SEP> Peas. I got a few peas out my garden a couple of days ago. Did you really? <SEP> The first one they started them indoors this time. I read it. I see. And so I. We don't start anything indoors. We just wait until the weather warm enough to stick it in the ground. <SEP> I guess you can get an earlier harvest by doing that. Probably so. You can get a head start on it. <SEP> But sure is a heck of a lot of work. I guess it would. Because you got to watch them every day and keep them watered. <SEP> And I don't think I'll do it again. It will make them taste better I'm sure. <SEP> I enjoy it. I come home from work. And I usually say hello to wife and kids and then go out and fiddle just walk around the yard and inspect it. You got to inspect it. <SEP> And the kids want to swing. And I push them on swing. <SEP> And I mow my own lawn. And I don't have a sprinkler system. I don't enjoy watering. <SEP> Especially. I. This is the first home we've lived in we've had a sprinkler system. How. And it is really nice. <SEP> It sure beats dragging hoses around. You can have it come on just early in the morning. And off by the time you're up and about. That's right. <SEP> That's right. It's really nice. I usually get it started for my wife. <SEP> And she moves it around ever other day. I'll have to admit I do my own yard. I really don't enjoy doing that. I enjoy having a nice looking yard. I just don't enjoy the work that it takes to get it done. <SEP>. I had a lawn service to do my yard for me during the real hot summer months until I retired. <SEP> And now I've lost my excuse for that so I have to. For the last couple of years I've done it myself. <SEP> Sometimes I wish I could get one of these chemical services to come out and spray for weeds and fertilize and all that and take that one step out of. <SEP>. <SEP> But they want too much money. It is kind of expensive. It is. Of course the chemicals themselves when you buy them they're expensive too. <SEP>. But it's still be quite a bit cheaper to do it yourself. That's right. If I have a problem discipline I think. I really need to get out and apply something. And I screw around and don't do it or wait too long or something. And the weed come up. That's right. <SEP> And all of a sudden you've got to do something else. That's right. I'm kind of bad about that. I enjoyed having a lawn service. But now I have the time. And I really don't want to spend the money for it. <SEP> If you enjoy it too you can get out in the morning before it gets hot and do it and stuff when you only have to. <SEP> That's right. I'm not limited to just mowing it on Saturday morning. <SEP> I can do it on most any day of the week. <SEP> When the days start getting a little longer I can start doing it in the evening after work. That's right. <SEP> When they switch. When we get an hour more. <SEP> When they rollback an hour. That's coming up here pretty soon. Is it this weekend? I don't know. It's pretty soon. <SEP> I really don't know. It just seems like I here it on the news the day before. And I think it's coming up here soon. I believe it is too. <SEP>. Are you having any trouble with bugs in your garden? Not a whole lot. I seldom use anything harsher than seven dust. <SEP> I don't really like to put a lot chemicals on it. But then again I don't want the bugs eating it upping either. <SEP> I. It seems like they come in spurts. One year I didn't put anything on. And I didn't have any problems. <SEP> Next year I was planting some broccoli and some of those cabbage loppers or whatever. <SEP> They were just covered with them. <SEP> I went up. I didn't go out there for about three days and I went out there one day and the plant was nothing left but a stem. That's right. <SEP> They devoured it that quickly. They really go through it. And they have a good appetite. They really do. <SEP> And they would. I picked off like twenty of them. And. Cutworms will do the same thing to your tomato vines too. <SEP> Ye-. They'll strip. They got that B T spray this year. <SEP>. <SEP> And I've been watching them every day. And I haven't seen any signs yet. So if I see any signs I'm going to spray them. And. I did something a little bit different this year that I haven't done before. I've got. My garden is shaped that I can. It's kind like this box shape. So I got four pieces of two by twelve and joined them together and just made a box. And put in a whole bunch like eight hundred pounds of topsoil and manure. <SEP> And various other things Raised it up. The good stuff. <SEP> And I'm hoping especially with those big tall sides on there that maybe I'll have less of a bug problem. At least they'll have a hard time crawling up the thing. My backyard is sloping. So I built a box up had to build the low side up. <SEP> And I had sandy loam hauled in. I had a dump truck come and dump it. <SEP> On my driveway that's what they do. And then I had to wheel barrow it in. <SEP> But you can improve your own soil there. But the Texas soil isn't the greatest gardening soil. That's right. <SEP> You have to work on. You really do. <SEP> And if I didn't wait five years for it to be good enough grow. You know what I mean. That's right. When we had our pool done I had them to leave some extra loam for my garden. So I had a lot of loam out there to start with. I just turned it all up and mixed it all up together with. <SEP> Do you have a rotor tiller? I don't. I did it by hand. Small enough. You have a. Just do it by hand? <SEP> It wasn't too much of a job. <SEP> Like I say it's just. I'd like to get one of these little small ones that you see in all these gardening magazines. <SEP> It would be handy. And it weighs twenty pounds or something like that. <SEP> My neighbor across the street has one. He always uses it to dethatch his lawn. I see him out there. <SEP> And I guess it has a thatcher attachment to it. It might be handy. They're pretty neat little. I've never seen one. <SEP> I have a friend who has one. And he lets me no problem borrowing if it's just a hassle to go up. <SEP> And it's a fairly large one to heave it up into the back of the van bring it home and check it back and just grab it if I just go to my garage and grab it. <SEP>. That would be neat. <SEP> That would be nice. We've had a garden for years and years and years of some size. I can't remember a year when we didn't have one of some kind. <SEP> What have you got growing right now? Got. Tomatoes that are starting to bloom. And I've got a few carrots up. And I've got some radishes up. <SEP> And as a matter of fact I've already done a second row of radishes. And the green onions are coming along. <SEP> Snow. What kind. Excuse me. <SEP> What kind of onions do you grow? Do you grow those ten fifteen Y? I've. For the first time we planted them this year. They are the best. We tried to find them last year. We screwed around and waited too long. And I couldn't find a nursery that had any of them left. <SEP>. But we've got some this year. Those. Snow peas are up. And my wife does a small herb garden on the side. <SEP> I see. They're up and doing fine. I. Those onions we planted twice as much this year because we got onions. And they lasted from about when you harvest them about a month from now or so or six weeks from now until October. <SEP>. <SEP> And we really missed them when they were gone because the ones from the grocery store just can't compare. <SEP> That's kind of a let down. <SEP> She made these onion rings that were so good. I bet. And you don't realize how many dishes you put onions in that it's an ingredient. They were. <SEP> That's right. We use a lot. We sure do. <SEP> And it was just like everything you put it into tasted so much better. One nice thing with onions and bell peppers at least you can chop them and freeze them if you have too many. <SEP> We froze a lot of peppers. We let some turn red. We did that too. And some we do green. And then my wife puts them on pizzas. And chops them up in recipes and things like that. <SEP> Makes a colorful salad too. <SEP> Put them in salad. You're making me hungry here. <SEP> We planted some yellow peppers this year. We've tried it before. And. We haven't had much luck with it we're going to try it again this year. <SEP> Yellow peppers. They have some little buds on them hopefully they'll do something. Sounds like you have a real good garden. We enjoy fooling around with it. <SEP> Just let me see what I got. I got the peas. And I've got some broccoli onions some radishes and beets. Beets. We've got some beets. And I planted potatoes too. I've never done potato. We used to do it at home when I was a kid had a huge garden. <SEP> The potato. They're delicious. But they. You don't seem to get that much for the space. <SEP> They do. It does take some space. Some potatoes. <SEP> And I've got some tomatoes still growing in containers. I see. <SEP> I got to wait for a place to free up. Our kids love pickles. And we all love pickles. So we're going to try to grow our own pickles this year. That will be neat. <SEP> We've got some good Hybrid Burpee pickler cucumbers. And we're going to try to see if we can pickle our own. And So have you seen how much pickles cost in the store? That will be neat. <SEP> They're expensive. I know it. I said why are they so expensive they're just a bunch of little cucumbers? I don't know unless it labor intensive or something. <SEP> I really don't know. I guess. <SEP> But we're going to try that and see how that works. That will be interesting. An experiment. <SEP> I'd like to just try something new every year that I haven't tried before. <SEP> And. That's interesting. I'll let you go it's.
sw3232.txt:I guess our topic is advice about going to college. Do you have children of your own? <SEP> I don't have any children. But I'm still going to college. Are you? What school are you going to? <SEP> N C State. Are you enjoying it? It's a lot of work. Are you working on your Bachelor's degree? <SEP> My Bachelor's. And what field of study are you in? <SEP> It's actually in computer science. And I have a special interest in Voice I O. That's neat. Are you from North Carolina? <SEP> I'm actually from Amarillo Texas originally. Are you really? What took you to North Carolina? <SEP> The service. I see. That was one of the things I was thinking about in school. I went to Texas Tech out in Lubbock and I had a friend my roommate went to Tech also. <SEP> But she was from New Mexico. And she had to pay out of state tuition. <SEP> And I think that would have played a real big part of my decision. It would have played a major part in mine. Because she was pay-. Of course back then it was so much cheaper than it is now. It was four dollars a semester hour. <SEP> And so I was going to school for just a few hundred dollars a semester. And she was paying forty dollars an hour. So she paid ten times as much because she was out of state. <SEP> Luckily I've paid in state tuition the whole time. That's good. So I think that would be one thing I would definitely consider try to find a school within the state that I liked well enough to attend. <SEP> The second thing is some colleges only offer the liberal arts whereas State they offer engineering courses. <SEP> So depending on what your major is or medical you might want to attend somewhere like Tech. And aside from the. Some schools may even give you financial aid where another one won't. That's true. That was something else I had was I had government aid of course. But it was wonderful because I got one of those grants that you don't have to repay. <SEP> And. It was so nice. It paid most of my tuition and a lot of the book costs and that kind of thing. So. <SEP> That's great. I really. Was it a Pell grant? I'm sorry what did you say? <SEP> What kind of grant was it? It was called a B E O G a Basic Equal Opportunity Grant. And it was from the government. And at first it was based on my parents' income. My parents had five children and really didn't make enough money to send any of us to school. <SEP> And so because based on the number of children and the amount of money my father brought in I got a small grant. But then after that I was on my own working and trying to go to school on my own. So then I got a real big grant because the amount of money I was making really didn't compare. <SEP>. So it was kind of nice. <SEP> I don't know if those are still available or not. But. I'm not quite. There's a lot of different organizations who do give grants. But I'm not exactly sure which ones they are and how much they generally run. This was great. It was just based on how much your tuition costs and everything. And generally it paid everything. So I went to school about three years of my four for almost nothing. <SEP> So that was. That's great. It was really nice. <SEP> Another thing. I've got a degree from another college. And something that might play a part is the size of the college. <SEP> The smaller schools can give you a lot more specialized instruction and attention than the larger schools. <SEP> In the larger schools you get caught up in the bureaucracy. And they just give you a teacher's assistants. <SEP> Instead of a scholar you get a T A. That's right. And you don't get near the quality of education. And as well the smaller schools often times don't cost as much. I didn't know that. <SEP>. I guess the only comparison I had ever heard was between a Christian college because I thought about attending Abilene Christian instead of Texas Tech. <SEP> And of course the price was just astronomical compared to Tech. The Christian college was so much more expensive. But I guess some of the other smaller colleges might be a lot different. <SEP> At State I think it's just a waste of somebody's money to go there. It's really a shame because of the instruction. <SEP> I'd rather go to any other college in the state. And I would definitely get my money's worth much better than State. It's kind of unfortunate because they've just grown so big that they just don't care about the students any more. You're just a number. <SEP> They're bent on seeing how much more land they can get and how much of the campus they can build up. And. <SEP> It's really a bad situation here. That's a shame. I felt a little cheated at Tech also. Once I got into my. I majored in.
sw2324.txt:Why do you think it sounds. Do you think we should adopt it? I don't like metric system. You don't? <SEP> I think the country is too ingrained in the inches just the general background. The history of our country has been inches. And I don't think there's a big advantage in going to the metric system. It's going to disorient and confuse a lot of people for years and years. And there are going to be people who die because of it because they don't understand simple things from the amount of medicine they should take to how fast they can drive and how far away something is. <SEP> And it's not in our national consciousness to do it. We've always measured things in the English system and everything. Our land is in acres. Our people aren't going to understand what an amount of something is. <SEP> I agree with you. I don't think we should either even though I know there are benefits to the metric system. I don't think the benefits of the metric system outweigh the disadvantages that would happen to the people in America. And also the. I don't know. It seems almost like it's a peer pressure thing is why we keep wanting to do it is so we'll look good to the other nations. Because I think that's an area that the other nations look down on us like we're just backward wayward children who still use this backward system who haven't really attained it yet. And I feel it's just pride of why they keep trying to push it on us. And it's we're content with this. It's probably not as accurate. Probably intellectually doesn't. It's not as sound intellectually but like you said come on. I had six years of college. And I don't know the metric system and I don't care to learn it. <SEP> And I'm not some kind of an idiot. I just. And it's easy to trans-. We have a computer for just about everything now. And if it's necessary to translate back and forth between them it can be done. <SEP> Because I'm a mechanical engineer. And I've had to work when I was designing packages for people. I had to work both systems back and forth. And it was not hard. And you can get a CAT CAM system that can take any design you want. And you can push a button. And it'll convert every measurement on there from one system to the other in seconds. <SEP> There's a lot of people. You're educated. I'm educated. My husband is. But a lot of people are flat not educated. And if I have a hard time putting that into my life can we put that off on the other eighty percent of the population that doesn't have any college. <SEP> Or I don't know how much of the. But a large percentage probably over half of the rest of the population they don't have any college probably much at all. <SEP> And if we can't take it and use it easily how can you put that on elderly people and just people that maybe just aren't blessed with as much sharpness and mental acuity. It's just. <SEP> Or even have had the chance to go to college or to learn about. I think it's still good they do cover the system. I think it should still be taught in schools. <SEP> And they do. I know now because I. Even when I was in elementary school years ago we learned what a centimeter was and a decimeter and basically the other alternate forms of measurements things like that. <SEP> And that's acceptable. I think it failed too. Because what you said this is ridiculous. The thing Americans have so much stress on them right now. <SEP> If you look at the average family it's like they barely have time to stop and get gas much less to try and figure out how much gas they're really getting and do all this. It's come on let's take the pressure. <SEP> You know you need twenty gallons but do you need how many liters. And it's just like another thing. The American family doesn't need any more pressure. Just leave them alone. Let them measure their drinking water in cups. And leave them alone. <SEP> And it just doesn't make that much difference in the average life. And the scientific community and places where it's needed that's fine. <SEP> And the rest of the world we are. It's not. We may not be the top. I don't know if we're the top. We're one of the top superpowers of the world. That's. It may be arrogant. But let them come to us. <SEP> That's kind of the way I feel about it. We can convert. And if they don't like the way we do it just don't worry about it. And I think. It's kind of like expecting everyone to suddenly speak German. It is. <SEP> Because it is another language. And instead of saying the world speak German we found out that we can translate. <SEP> And that's what I think we ought to do with the metric system. That's funny. Well that's good. I think we kept it at real good. Is that all we need to say? <SEP> It's been nice talking to you. You too. I think that was good. That was the best one. Usually I get distracted off the topic. You know what I mean. <SEP> And we'll end up one man was telling me about his grandfather in Lithuania. And we were talking about income tax or something. And I just. <SEP> Good talking to you. Anyway I appreciate it. Have a good day.
sw2295.txt:. On this subject I really hadn't had to deal with putting someone in there yet. But my mother's always been administrator of a nursing home. So I've always been involved in one. <SEP> How do you feel about them since you've kind of been close to that. I can kind of see both sides. I really can. Nursing homes to me. I would personally be the last resort if I had to put someone in there. <SEP> I've had a touch of experience. My dad had emphysema and got to the point where mother couldn't take care of him. If it's a have to thing. I. <SEP> And she put him in. But he wasn't there very long before he died. But I guess the one time that I saw him there as far as the surroundings that seemed okay. <SEP> But we kind of thought that maybe they just wanted to give him some medication to sort of keep him real out of it all the time. <SEP> And that's always kind of bothered me. I kind of think that's true too. Because it's so under staffed. That's like everything else though. <SEP> I have a sister-in-law who runs a nursing home. But I've never actually been there. And I know that she's the kind of person who wouldn't allow a lot of the horror things to take place that you hear about. <SEP> But. But still I'm sure there are aspects to it that aren't really desirable. <SEP> I know. I've always. My sister's involved in one also. And I really think they really do a wonderful job. But still there's those little things that happens. <SEP> There really is which. I think it's a wonderful place if it comes to that if you just can't take care of them any more. Sometimes you don't have any other alternative. That's it. <SEP> Family's tied up with their own lives and things and usually working. Other things. <SEP> And it's hard to. But I think when the time comes I hope to have the time to really look around and pick one that I really think my mother would be happy at. <SEP> I think that's important too. In fact there's a. I do too. <SEP> Outside's awful deceiving sometimes. <SEP> There's one close to where my mother is. But in order to get in you have to be able to walk in on your own. In other words you can't be in too bad a shape to start out with. <SEP> But then if you deteriorate they have a separate section for those who need care all the time. Ca-. <SEP> But it's always. And they have a long waiting list too. So there's always this feeling of you've got to be able to walk in the door. So you can't wait until you're too bad off. Off. But then you don't want to go do that when you don't have to because you have to give up your automobile or whatever. To. <SEP> And everything you worked so hard for all your life. <SEP> And if you're still capable of driving and doing those things then you feel like I'm isolating myself here for no reason at the moment. <SEP> So that's a hard one. But it is a very nice nursing home. There is some really nice ones. There's also some private ones. But of course I would never be able to afford to put my parents in something like that. <SEP> That's the problem. That's way out of my reach. The expense of it all is. And another thing I hate to see is when someone has a small amount of money and they go into one of these places and they just eat it all up immediately. <SEP> But those who don't have money can go in and get the same care. The very same. <SEP> So I don't like that aspect. But I think there's ways around it though that. They could put it in one of their children's names or something. But still a lot of them doesn't feel comfortable doing that. It's their money. <SEP> That's right. That's how I feel about it anyway. I've talked to my mother about that several times lately. And I said I want you to have control of your own business. <SEP> But what if. My mother's seventy now. So naturally she's retired. But she's still on her own I mean. My mother's seventy-five and still has her own home and everything. I think that's wonderful. I really do. Just as long as they can. And then on the other hand I've seen some people go into the nursing home and just so happy. <SEP> That's true. They have a lot of people around to do things with. They're not lonely. <SEP> Some of those places have wonderful activities and things lots of stuff going on. And they'll take them places. <SEP> I don't know. It's not all bad. But I guess once you get ill then you really have some problems if you can't get around and do things. Around. <SEP> But I really don't know what the other solution would be. I really don't. But. When the time comes hopefully we'll really look around before I decide on one for my parents. <SEP> Really do. Because I have been raised in one. So there's lot of things I know to look for. And I don't think they'd want to go where they used to work either. <SEP> I really don't. That might be kind of tough. It really would. And like I said my sister's still in it. And I really don't think my mother'd want to be there either. <SEP> It's been nice talking to you. You too. And I guess we'd better get back to work. <SEP>.
sw3021.txt:I grew up out in the country and was used to having guns around the place. And I'm not for gun control in the strictest sense of the word. <SEP> I think I'm kind of bent towards middle liberal of the bridge myself. <SEP> I have quite a collection myself. And I'm a good hunter. And I started hunting when I was twelve years old. Of course my parents made me take hunters safety classes. And I don't want to see them ban guns completely. But I don't want them to completely turn loose of their controls either. So. I feel that its. I think the what was National Rifle Association had this bumper sticker a few years back about if you outlaw guns. Only outlaws will have guns then. <SEP> I believe that. And I believe that too because the person that is wanting to commit a crime is going to find a way to get a gun a knife a rock a stick whatever it is to commit a crime with. <SEP>. And it's the honest citizens like ourselves that are responsible about use of guns. We can handle it. But there's an element that can't. <SEP> And it's got to the point now where even our police departments and our D E A agents and everything have to carry automatic weapons. Because everybody that's in drug trafficking has got them. They have got them outgunned. You know. So. There was an article in the paper just this week where one of the gun companies was developing a ten millimeter automatic pistol for the F B I which would give them additional firepower. <SEP> It held a fifteen shot clip they would be able to put down anything that came at them. <SEP> That would be. But you figure you got some drug guy out there that's got an Uzi machine gun a thirty-eight. That's. Smith and Wesson revolver isn't going to do you much good. <SEP> It's sure not. I have lived in Illinois at one time. And they passed a it wasn't really gun control. But it was you had to register as a gun owner. You didn't have to list your guns. But you had to have this card. It was like a driver's license card that you had to have it in order to buy ammunition. <SEP> And that was the first. This was twenty years ago. But they had that so that they were trying to control it a little bit in that respect. <SEP> In California they make you register when you buy ammunition. <SEP> You have to sign a. They take your name and driver's license number hunting license number and all that good stuff before you can buy any big ammunition. Especially for handguns. <SEP> Rifles aren't too bad. But any kind of handgun at all and a rifle you would still have to buy it or sign up for it. <SEP> So. We lived in Tennessee for awhile. And I bought a pistol there. And there was a fifteen day waiting period. You had to fill out an application and go down to the sheriff's office and get fingerprinted. <SEP> And then you had fifteen days while they checked to see if you had any kind of criminal record before that you could pick up the gun you were purchasing. <SEP> That's not a bad idea. I think that a waiting period can make a difference. But again it's going to be the law abiding citizen that's going to comply with that. <SEP> It is. So I don't think there's any way to control the criminal element as far as guns is concerned because. <SEP> The only way they could do it would be to stiffen the penalties on anybody using a gun. I think if we kind of stiffen them up a little bit course. I feel kind of weird about that anyway. I think if somebody shoots somebody they ought to be shot. I'm. <SEP> We're getting into capital punishment now. But. But I agree with you there that. <SEP> It would definitely be gun control. Again the purpose of gun control is to control how it is being used is what the purpose should be. <SEP> It's not to keep people from buying a gun that need one for a specific purpose legal purpose but to keep the guy that's illegal from getting his hands on one. <SEP> And I'm in favor of keeping the illegal guy from getting one in his hands. But the legal person or lawful person should not be penalized because there is the criminal element. Myself. <SEP> And they're actually a necessity in life. They're not. Not everybody needs a gun. But sooner or later I need one. Whether I'm out hunting or. I'm never had to protect my life or. <SEP> I did in the service but not on the street. So I don't really need one in the aspects. You don't have to carry one in your car or your pocket all the time. <SEP> So I use mine for recreation. I don't. And I enjoyed my guns. <SEP> I have a good time with them. So. I know what. I took my kids out and taught them out how to shoot a gun. My wife the same thing she knows how to shoot any weapon that we have not that I have an arsenal or anything. But we have several guns around the house. One of these days my grandkids probably. <SEP>. But I think it's. You got to have the. Living in Dallas there's not that many places to go shoot. But still I think they ought to know how to use one and that it's not just a toy and that it's not like on T V when someone gets shot they get back up. If someone gets shot with a real gun they don't get back up. <SEP>. I had to explain that to my. I've got a six year old now. And he. I have a fifteen year old and a seventeen year old. They understand now. <SEP> I've taken time to teach them. And now the young boy wants to know. And I told him you're a little bit young for a gun. Let me go out here and we would start with the B B gun deal. So he started with the B B gun and shot a couple of holes in a couple of windows. And I took it away from him. I said now you know so he's learning the hard way. <SEP> But at least it was a B B gun not a twenty-two or a four ten or something. So. I remember I had an old uncle up by Tulsa Oklahoma that took me out and showed me. It was my mother's uncle. This was a gentleman in his sixties. And he took me out with him and single shot twenty-two and taught me how to shoot. <SEP> We went squirrel hunting. And he taught me how to shoot a old single shot twenty-two. And I was probably about twelve at the time. <SEP> And I thought that was the neatest thing. And of course Uncle Sam took me hunting with him. And he let me shoot and showed me how. <SEP> I think there is a lot of responsibility on any of us gun owners to make sure that whoever is around us is at least safe and knows how to use one. I don't want to get out there deer hunting and have some guy blow me away. So. That's about all I. We agreed pretty well on this I think. <SEP> I think so. It's been real nice talking with you. Have a good one. <SEP>
sw2836.txt:. Far as crime in the cities I'm sure like in yours it's pretty bad. Probably the biggest thing we've got going now is the robberies. And theft and probably murder are the two top ones that we have. How about you? <SEP> I don't actually live in the city. But I'd probably say that's roughly right. Crimes against property seem to outnumber crimes against life. But I think with the current war on drugs and all this kind of stuff I'd say probably the police department would claim the number one crimes are probably solicitation of prostitution and sale of drugs. Probably right if you look at it from that stand point. What. Is there anything that you particularly are concerned with in your particular area as far as security and that sort of thing? <SEP> Where I live now it's not so bad. I can basically leave my front door unlocked and not have to worry about it. But I do have friends that live in the city. And I think that they get a lot of fallout from this war on drug thing. Just because there are crack houses on their street and stuff like this. Do you live in a real small town or out in the country? I live out in the country. How far out from the city do you. <SEP> I'm about fifteen miles out. About fifteen miles. I live in a little suburb which from Dallas is twelve miles or so. But it's pretty congested. We are considered in the country. <SEP> But it doesn't really feel like you're in the country. Our major crimes in our immediate town is probably house robberies and very few instances of alcohol drugs reported. <SEP> However I'm sure they're there. But right now our neighborhood is running about eighty percent of the homeowners have been robbed sometime during their existence in that neighborhood. <SEP> That's huge. And since that time everybody's got some sort of burglar system or burglar alarms including the outer perimeter type devices sensors and things like that. <SEP>. It's cut back considerably. But it just shifts it from our neighborhood to another neighborhood to other neighborhood. So it still remains city wide pretty high. <SEP> Are there any theories on why this is happening? I would say the majority of it's happening during the day between probably ten in the morning and three in the afternoon. Most. <SEP> But why? Why is it happening? Most families are young. And both people are working. So they're happening during the hours they're gone from work. <SEP> So I would say that's probably their prime motivation. They'll stock your house and look at your pattern and then go from there. So they're professionals? They classify most of them as professionals. <SEP> You get a few of them that are a little bit sloppier just taking just junk items that they can just get ten to twenty bucks for real quick. Probably the biggest items that you get in our neighborhood would be the high classed automobiles. The Mercedes Volvos things that they can get big dollars for and the jewelry are the major targets. <SEP> Guns that sort of stuff. Very few penny ante stuff. <SEP> What do you think can be done to reduce that sort of crime? The police force for one. I think they could definitely add to the police force and the type equipment that they use. It's. Right now we are about thirty thousand people. And there's only eight officers that patrol for that amount of people which is not very many. <SEP>. And. <SEP> But that's going to tend to. It seems to me that sort of approach will tend to simply make the cost of committing the crime slightly higher. In other words you've increased the probability of somebody being caught a little bit. The real question is how do you convince people not to commit such crimes in the first place. The. Course in our particular state we have the prison overcrowding whatever. So they're giving the early release. They're doing that in our state too. And it's. I think what they need to do is stop building more jails and start giving stiffer sentences. But for the. <SEP> So you think that would be a deterrent? That would certainly be a deterrent. And not necessarily give in to their human rights desires. If they're overcrowded just keep cramming them in there till they just suffocate. <SEP> What about an innocent person who happens to have been found guilty? I think they'd have to go to extra measures to make sure a person's guilty in a lot of cases. Course I know you can't be a hundred percent foolproof. <SEP> So you'd rather see it harder to convict somebody. I'd rather see it a little bit harder and have a little bit more evidence to convict somebody. And then those convicted especially of murder and major crimes to reach the life sentences and death penalties and follow through with that. <SEP>. Especially in the case of murder. <SEP> I know in my case my wife and daughter were kidnapped during a house robbery back in eighty-five. <SEP> And the individuals got caught. We went through the court system and all that sort of thing. And two counts of kidnapping the forty-five to the head just the mental anguish and the whole nine yards the guy only got five years. <SEP>. <SEP> And he was out within two months because of the parole system. So what. Did you sue him under the civil system? Do what now? <SEP> Did you sue him under the civil system? I'm not real familiar with that. You could probably sue him for mental anguish or something and try to get money from him. <SEP> And. The insurance companies and all that tried to go after him. And they said he has no job. He has nothing. There's nothing that he has that you could go after. Makes you wish that still had indentured servitude for this sort of thing. Very seld-. <SEP> But they give the guy a job in prison and make him pay his damn debt. They don't do that here. Course they pay them. But you don't. You or the insurance companies never see any of that money. That's too bad. And right now they're reluctant to go after him because they're repeat offenders. They been in jail before. <SEP> They've been released several times which is another deal I hate to see. <SEP> But basically the guy commits three major crimes and car theft on top of it destroys my car. I think that's re-. <SEP>. And we're out fifteen thousand dollars. And the guy gets out in two months. <SEP> That's awful. And he goes out and commits it again. Fact he's back in jail now. So what. Gives you sympathy for the vigilantes. What deterrent does he really have? <SEP> I think in our particular neighborhood vigilantism is becoming a real possibility. We've had a couple break ins where the people have actually shot the people. <SEP> And return offenders have. They've actually waited for them where they've robbed particular neighborhood. They'll rob one house. Then other people will wait up and wait for somebody to do something else try to take it in their own hands. Course it doesn't always work out in their favor. <SEP> But nevertheless I think people are just getting fed up and saying you can't arrest all of us. You can get some of us. <SEP> You can't get all of us. And we're beginning to see more and more of that. <SEP> And that's a deterrent too. If you think the home owner might be armed and awake. Here you break in. And you're going to get shot. That's certainly a possibility in. We have had a few cases where the guy has broken in during the middle of the night and gotten himself shot to death. <SEP> And it helps for a while. But then just another different set of people come in. And most of the people are transients from outside of the state. <SEP> I would say probably eighty percent of them that are caught they're from places like up in Oklahoma and Louisiana Arkansas across the border. So people who don't readily read the newspapers in our town or whatever. <SEP> It's not many from the local communities. But it's a problem. And I think that the court systems need to be stiffer in their penalties. <SEP> Would be a definite deterrent. And giving the police agencies a little bit more jurisdiction over what they do when they catch these people. <SEP> I tend to agree with you. I think what I would like to see is number one completely getting rid of these victimless crimes. There's no reason to enforce those and spend time and money doing it and worry about these things where people are getting hurt. And I think one of the big things that you can do to increase deterrence is if someone is found guilty of a felony level offense they lose their citizenship. And they lose their constitutional rights. <SEP> And just a lot of things that we're trying to worry about protecting these people from we just don't protect them. I know in my wife's case they made her feel like the criminal. I know. And I think that's ridiculous. They went to all.
sw2533.txt:What baseball team are you familiar with? I'm only a little bit familiar with the Red Sox because I lived up in Boston for a while. <SEP> And that's. Come on. No Texas Rangers? After that if you asked me that I wouldn't have been able to tell you if that was football or baseball. I guess they paired two women together on this call for a reason which is something we can think about later. But I understand a little bit about the Texas Rangers. I know George Bush threw out the first pitch hitter bounced off the ground. And that. I heard a joke on the radio yesterday in regard that he didn't design the patriot missile system. <SEP> And the radio's kind of cruel. Think this chain that must have been on President Bush to bounce the first pitch off the ground. How humiliating for a man to do that any man. I don't care if you're President. But at the same time I don't know it's pretty far to throw that far. I couldn't do it. I know. But he's a man. Come on. Men know how to do that? <SEP> He's supposed to be able to do that. I know so. I felt kind of sorry for him. That must have been hard on him because he's just a person. But I never. A major owner of the team here. I didn't know that. I thought he was the owner. But it turns out my Mom said that he's part owner. But he must own the biggest chunk. Because that's all you hear about is about Neal Bush. <SEP> I even know his name because he's on the news a lot. And I never had to watch the news not like some people hour and a half a day or anything. And I've been watching. My husband's French. And so if I've been watching the French news when I watch it. <SEP> It's incentive. But speaking of Bush that had a story where he went to visit some little elementary school students and stuff. I saw that. Did you see that where the guy asked him for proof of who he was. <SEP> He said his. I want to see your driver's lic-. I don't. I know. And see a credit card. You're not President Bush. I know. And he said. It does so fast. I heard it on the radio. I heard the audio portion on the radio in the car. But I didn't see it. But. <SEP> It was so funny to see. It was a really cute little kid too. That's about my extent about baseball. I don't know that much about it. I can tell you that the Mets opened two days ago. <SEP> Because my brother was supposed to go to the opening game. And I couldn't tell you who pitched. <SEP> But they won. The Mets won. Did they? But. Not my a lot. And then somebody else lost. Maybe it was the other New York team which is the Yankees. <SEP> But I don't even know if they're still New York Yankees or New Jersey. That's so stupid that you all have two teams. That's really stupid. <SEP> But it. Then they can have them play against each other. I know. I think it's still the New York Yankees. <SEP> I thought they were moving to New Jersey. This is how much I know about baseball. The Texas Rangers they lost I think. But I know that last year. We did go to a baseball game last year. We got free tickets because one of the deacons at church parks cars at The Mansion at Turtle Creek which is one of the places and stuff. <SEP> And he's their head chauffeur. As they're parking the cars the valet service. He makes good money too doing that. I was shocked. But someone gave an Iranian a tip of four Rangers tickets last year. <SEP> And then the Iranian couldn't. He didn't want them. So he gave them to Alan. And Alan and his Dad had plans that night. So they gave them to us. He decided that some wealthy man tipped this Iranian with baseball tickets. With baseball tickets. And we ended up with them. And so we were walking up. <SEP>. And I looked at my husband. And I said you know what Kyle this is The Mansion at Turtle Creek a tip. I bet these are really good seats. And so we ended up on first base right down there on the floor. They called us at five. And the game started at seven. So we just threw everything together ran over and got the tickets and walked. And so we took two kids with us. And nobody brings two children in these seats because. <SEP> Because they're fancy seats and stuff. And you just sit down. And all the girls were all dressed up. I just was there. Like I'm loaded. I'm here. And it was just kind of funny. Because but we got to sit by first base. If they did hit a ball I would have been afraid it would have knocked my face in. I know I'm always scared of that whenever I go to a game. I rarely go. But we went last year. Because my brother is impossible when he does football leagues and baseball leagues and all kinds of stuff. <SEP> And if there's a game on he's watching it. That's all there is to it. <SEP> And he's glued at the T V. I'm glad my husband's not like that. I'm glad my husband's not like that either. I'd kill him. My brother's like that. And he goes to a lot of games. Not a real lot. But he tries to go. Then my father got us some tickets. <SEP> So my brother's wife and my husband and I went. Last year we wanted to show my husband what a baseball game was because being a non-American you want to see what a baseball game is like. And he describes it as you sit there in a crowd. It was nice weather and stuff. It wasn't a real problem. But you sit there in a crowd. And you're waiting and waiting and waiting. And you eat the hot dogs. Because we made him try a hot dog. That's funny. <SEP> So you sit there. And you wait for the longest time really bored. And then all of a sudden something happens. But you happen to look the other way during the time. You miss the whole thing. And so basically you sit there and wait for something exciting to happen. And when it happened he missed it and didn't understand it. That's funny. <SEP> And it he grew up in which is the sort of O strip east to west eastern part. Where is he from in France? <SEP> But that. I had a friend in college from Strasbourg. He's not that far. He was sort of in between Strasbourg and Paris. <SEP> Paris. And my cousin lives in Paris. And she's lived there off and on for twenty years. Is she still there? <SEP> Because. Saint Claude is that sound familiar? Saint Claude. <SEP> We used to. That's one of the entrances to the periphery to get in and out of the city. And it sits right at the limit. <SEP> I exactly where she is. But we met in Paris. That's neat. She married. And they have twelve children. Twelve children? She has twelve children. <SEP> The poor woman. She looks gorgeous. She's gorgeous. And she just liked having kids. And she's thin. And four or more children are thin. Were any of them twins? I'm not kidding you. <SEP> You probably can't afford to eat if you have more than two of them. Your. I have a friend now that has seven. And they're all nine and under. They're all real young. They're just raised right. That's what God's told them to do. But they're not condemning you. If you. We only have one child. They don't put on bad or anything which is good because it would be easy for them to do that. You get a conviction like that. And you think everyone should have it. And so I'm real proud of them because they don't do that at all. <SEP> You go in their bathroom. And there's ten tooth brushes in there. And I always give her a hard time whose toothbrush did you really use this morning. But how do they afford to even have the kids. We're expecting our first baby almost any day. <SEP> And. They live lean for one thing. And they tithe. And they. It puts a whole in your money bag. We don't honor God with this portion. And so they. I think that helps a lot. I think that's the key in his sales last year. He just works a normal job. He probably has an income of thirty-five thousand. But last year he made. That got him a bonus of twenty-five thousand which allowed him to pay cash for a full size van. He loves God. It was the biggest thing that any one in this company had ever done. <SEP> And he got to do it. And so God just really blesses him in ways like that. Do trust God because kids are a blessing. And we think of blessings as nice furniture and things like that. But kids are just as much of a blessing inside these material things. But it's a different kind. And a lot times people think I'm not blessed. I have an old car. But you've got five kids. You're just as blessed probably more because if you follow this. There's a good book called WHAT THE BIBLE HAS TO SAY ABOUT CHILD TRAINING by Richard Fugate. <SEP> And he's. A lot of wisdom in it. And the kids at BIBLE talk about anything. But training and training is different than anything else. Psychology doesn't address it. The good stuff that's in psychology it just comes out of the BIBLE. And they don't quote you the proverb out of it. But the things that work in psychology other the years that they've proven to work they just come out of the BIBLE. And so this book it just really all these things and how to train the child. So they're not going to be a curse to you when they're thirteen. How to train them so they're going to be a blessing. And so they do that. And they just live lean pretty much. She doesn't shop at Foley's and stuff like that. But a lot women die or shop at Foley's. So things. <SEP> I don't know what Foley's is. It's a Macy's kind of store. It's pretty nice. And everything's pretty expensive. And you just can't do that. And you don't go to baseball games as much. Or you get pictures like we did. You know what I mean? <SEP> You do these fun things in other kinds of ways. And I know Manhattan's real expensive. But it's kind of a different situation because you're probably living in an apartment? That makes a really big difference. But still it's just as hard as having that. <SEP> But your cousin could have a baseball team with twelve kids. Church softball leagues. So. They're not all boys. And right now we don't have a girls' league because I'm the one that's supposed to start one. And I just haven't gotten around to doing it. I keep saying we need to have one. They go then start one. But everybody wants to do it. But God's sitting on my heart. And I just hadn't gotten around to doing it. So they could really only have four members on the team. I think they only have four boys. I don't even think they have but two old enough to play yet. <SEP> But then you didn't believe me about her kids. They are so good. I'm not kidding you. But she does work with them. And it's a commitment. And that's what they're called to do. I have a. Most of my friends. <SEP> I admire someone that can do that. I really can. I know. I do too. Most of my friends have three or four kids. And they feel like that's really why God. And some of the people in our church use birth control. And some of them don't. I had my tubes tied. So you.
sw2072.txt:. I'll just hand it off to you. And hobbies in our spare time is what we've been selected to discuss today. The hobbies that I pursue in my spare time are crafts. And I've been involved in making hat stands and rag dolls and different type hats with flowers and roses and that kind of thing straw hats and all that kind of stuff. <SEP> And I enjoy it. It's relaxing. And you kind of get absorbed in it. So the time goes by before you realize anything is going on. And I play the organ sometimes just for my own satisfaction. Not for anybody else's ears. Because I'm not that good at it. But I like to bang on the keyboards once in a while. How about yourself? Hobbies. I guess I got too many hobbies. So I never have time to deal with them. <SEP> I like photography a lot. That's neat. I used to do that a lot. And then I like. We have a new child that will be a year old here next week. So I'll take a lot of pictures of her and spoil them. <SEP> That's great. First one you know how that is. And I play the guitar and a banjo. I mainly play the guitar a lot. I play about every night. And I really love that. If I had a druther. If I could make it on the road I'd like to play on a bluegrass band or something. Because that's. I've. That sounds nice. I like bluegrass too. I've done it before when I was in high school and college and thoroughly enjoyed it. <SEP> And it's really a blast. My wife hates it. But that's the way life is I guess. That's the hard part? <SEP> If you can do things together that really helps a lot. We. She's into aerobics. And we did aerobics together for about a month and a half. That's good too. And that went over real well. <SEP> But that's about it there. It's good. And it's healthy too. <SEP> We do that too. We have a treadmill and a bicycle and that kind of stuff. We try to get twenty minutes at least three for four times a week. That's great. That's great. <SEP> And we like movies. That ki-. That's. Spare time. With a child it's kind of stra-. She's. We have. We're looking for a baby-sitter. So we've been out twice in this year so far. By ourselves without the child. So it's kind of become an issue you could say. <SEP> Hobbies. I like messing around in your house building things and putting cabinets up and those kind of things. That's great too. <SEP> We did some remodeling when we bought a house. We put a kitchen in and that kind of stuff and painting and some wallpapering. That's fun. It's really kind of fun. <SEP> It is. It really is. Especially if your spouse will get in there with you and get dirty. Exactly. I like things that two people can do. But I like the quiet of doing things away. Kind of gives you some space for yourself. And that's what I find in making the dolls and things that it gives me something that I can create. And I like to crochet and knit. I made some afghans and that kind of stuff. I like doing things with my hands. Sounds like it. <SEP> Do you like to cook? I love to cook. I love to cook too. I'm. <SEP> Italian food. Pizzas and spaghettis and lasagnas and that kind of stuff. We're all skinny farts. So I. It. <SEP> So when it comes to. I like to cook and eat and to have mainly I get to. Amount of people eat and then say this is really good. <SEP> It is. But it just. Work in the garden work around the yard of course. <SEP> Do you do barbecues? We sure do. Smoke them an-. Smoking and all that stuff? All that hoedown stuff. <SEP> All that stuff that's bad for you. I lived in Abilene for a little while and worked in the Abilene plant. <SEP> And we used to go to Joe Allen's Barbecue. And that was great. Really great. That's only way to do it. <SEP> They have some nice stuff down there. I miss it. It's. There's pluses to everything. <SEP> But seems like there's just so many things to do down here. I like the sports. I play a lot of racquetball. I did horseback riding too. In fact when my children were growing up we always had horses. And that was kind of for them. But they weren't as interested in it as we were. So that was a real. I'd say probably for maybe fifteen years we dabbled in that. We always had horses around. And I really enjoyed that. That's great. Sounds like you. <SEP> And I was disappointed when I went to Texas. I didn't see that many of them. Horses? You really don't. The. You have to look real hard to see a lot of things besides concrete. <SEP> I know. I know. It's true. There's buildings and concrete and a lot of people. And that's about it down here. And so. But that's great. Sounds like you have a lot of nice hobbies there. <SEP> You too. You too. Look. I know it's probably late for you. I enjoyed speaking with you. <SEP> Me too. Have a good weekend. <SEP>
sw2598.txt:Do you want to start? G-. I'm trying to think what I've seen lately. We-. We just finished watching TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES on tape. Did you watch DANCES WITH WOLVES. Did you see the movie? <SEP> We've seen that. Did you like it? It was great. Have you seen it? I thought it was very well done. <SEP> I. How about GHOST? We saw an we liked it. But I didn't think it was as good as all the hype was about it. I feel the same way about that too. It was okay. <SEP> I don-. I couldn't see it worth getting a nomination for best picture. And wh-. Let's see. The most recent ones that I've seen are those two GHOST and DANCES WITH WOLVES. But I rent videos. Do you? And so we just. You watch many? <SEP> It depends on wh-. Do you like the classics like GONE WITH THE WIND and the older movies. I'd like to see those. There's three movies that I keep telling myself that I should see one of these some day that I haven't seen that are classics. Because I've never seen CITIZEN KANE. That was good. <SEP> And I've never seen CASABLANCA and never seen GONE WITH THE WIND. I think I've seen most of Humphrey Bogart's movies but in a long time ago. And the MALTESE FALCON and all those. <SEP> I def-. We saw part of THE AFRICAN QUEEN on T V a couple of years ago. That was good. And I've been wanting to see all of it. But we walk into the video store. And we're why don't we go see this now. So. It's true. <SEP> But I think-. One of the movies we saw recently we saw MISERY. I didn't see that one. That was good. <SEP> It was great. And it. You think because it was by Stephen King it would be really gory. But there's only one. There's a couple scenes at the end there is some blood and everything. And there's one really bad scene where there's not blood but it's pretty graphic. <SEP> But it's a really good movie. Is that the one where the guy gets captured by that women? <SEP> He's a writer. And she's his biggest fan. And she's also a little on the nutso side. Did you see PACIFIC HEIGHTS? <SEP> We haven't. I saw that one. That one wasn't that great either. It wasn't? I didn't think so. <SEP> Oka-. I got. I heard mixed reviews of that. We s-. How about SILENCE OF THE LAMBS? That's on our list of things to see. I know. I wanted to see. I was curious if you had seen it. And that. <SEP> N-. Our big thing is. Movie prices up here. I think it's six bucks now in the theaters. So it's. A lot of things we try to catch at the dollar theater or matinees. And then a lot of other stuff we just wait until it comes out on tape. That's us too. True. I know it's too bad that they've gotten so expensive. <SEP> Ye-. One movie we saw in the last couple of months that we really enjoyed was EDWARD SCISSORHANDS. Have you seen that? <SEP> It was great. It was. I thought it was kind of maybe for kids more than ad-. <SEP> It's an odd film. And it's really interesting that. I like the director a lot a guy named Tim Burton. Did you ever see the movie BEETLEJUICE? Part of it. I never really watched the whole thing. <SEP> If you liked BEETLEJUICE you'll probably like EDWARD SCISSORHANDS. If you didn't like BEETLEJUICE you'll probably won't like EDWARD SCISSORHANDS. <SEP> It's. Burton's kind of e-. He's a very odd man. But he's. I think he's very interesting. And I liked those two movies of his a lot. He did BATMAN also which. That was pretty good though really. <SEP> It was good. But he was. When you think of what it takes to make some of those kind of movies. You see it for a couple of hours or an hour. And it really. There's a lot in it when you look at the scenery and the cars and all the different stuff like that. <SEP>. Who's your favorite actress or actor? <SEP> Don't really know. I like Costner a lot. But I'm a big baseball fan. So after BULL DURHAM and FIELD OF DREAMS. <SEP> Although. That was good. I saw that movie too. That was very good. Which one? FIELD OF DREAMS. <SEP> FIELD OF DREAMS was good. And I think I liked the other movies he's done. NO WAY OUT was really good. And. Did you ever see SILVERADO? SILVERADO. Who was that with? <SEP> Let's see. Danny Glover Scott Glen Kevin Kline Brian Dennehy Jeff Goldblum's in. John Kreas is in it if you don't blink. That. The title sounds familiar. I'm trying to thi-. It was a big western. I think Roseanne Arquett was in it too another one that if you blink you'd miss her. It was. And I think it was a three hour movie or two and a half hours. And it was one of those ones that could have been four hours if they hadn't cut a lot out. <SEP> But it was really good. I might have seen part of that because the name sounds familiar although I would remember with him in it. How about REVENGE. Did you see that with him? <SEP> I didn't. Is that any good? With Anthony Quinn. I thought it was. I like everything he's done so far. It's one of those movies that it's not a great movie. But it was okay. <SEP> We were in the video store today. And somebody was recommending it to somebody. The people who run the video store was recommending it to somebody else. It was not a bad movie. I'll have to catch it one of these days. You sa-. You said you seen NO WAY OUT? That was excellent. <SEP> That was very good. He was in THE UNTOUCHABLES too. That's another one I wanted to see. Tha-. In fact that was advertised not too long ago. It was on. Cable? <SEP> It was on one of the networks last weekend. Or two weeks ago. I know I saw something about it. I wish I'd seen it when it was originally in the theaters. And I saw part of it again. <SEP> I like Costner. I like Sean Connery. And there's this one actor. It's really silly that I enjoy him a lot. But I've really enjoyed him in everything I've seen him in a guy named Charles Martin Smith. I don't know him. You've probably seen him. And just an. That's who the guy is. <SEP> Do you remember. Did you ever see AMERICAN GRAFFITI? I don't think so. Did you ever see the movie STAR MAN. <SEP> In STAR MAN he was the guy chasing after Jeff Bridges and Nancy Allen. W-. Short nerdy guy with glasses. <SEP> He's just. I don't know why but he's always a lot of fun in every movie he's in. He was in the UNTOUCHABLES. He was the accountant. I know who you mean. He was in HONEY DO N'T SHRINK THE KIDS wasn't he? <SEP> You're thinking of Rick Moranis. He looks like Rick Moranis. But he's not. Se-. That's the one I was thinking of. But I've seen quite a few movies. I enjoy them. I think that it's kind of good entertainment. An escape type of thing. <SEP> How about some of the ads. Do you go by the ads when you look at them or the reviews? Do they influence you a lot. A little of. E-. E-. A review usually won't make me go see a movie I hadn't already wanted to see. Did you see GOODFELLAS? <SEP> It's o-. I want to see it. That was pretty good. And. We want to see GODFATHER PART THREE also. But my girlfriend's seen part one and part two although she saw them years ago. <SEP> But I've never seen either of the GODFATHER movies. So we're probably going to rent those some time and then try to see GODFATHER PART THREE somewhere. I was just going to say you should see those first if you can. If you read the book it's even better. The book was excellent. <SEP> I haven't never read it. And I was a little disappointed in the third on-. It's GODFATHER THREE. It was not bad. But I expected more I think. <SEP> We just rented a couple weeks ago a movie called THE FRESHMAN. With. It's got Matthew Broderick in it and Marlon Brando. And Brando does a parody of the character he played in THE GODFATHER. It's one of the reasons why THE GODFATHER's been on our minds lately. But there's a bunch of scenes from THE GODFATHER that's used because Matthew Broderick's going to film school. <SEP> And in his classes they're running a bunch of scenes from THE GODFATHER. And then he's running into Marlon Brando who is playing this organized crime head. So it was a fun movie. How about Tom Cruise do you like his stuff? COCKTAILS. <SEP> Or. I liked RAINMAN. I thought it was interesting that he was doing som-. That was good. I liked RAINMAN too. <SEP> I'm. Being from Baltimore of course I'm a big Barry Levinson fan since he's done a bunch of Baltimore movies. N-. Barry Levinson did DINER and TINMAN and AVALON which are all set in Baltimore. They sound familiar. I probably saw parts of those. A lot of times I'll start watching a movie. And I'm tired. And it. <SEP> Next thing you know it's. Especially if there's commercial in it. Ye-. We-. And then the titles might sound familiar. But I really don't know what they're all about. <SEP> Ye-. Of the three of those DINER's probably the best. They're all pretty good. But DINER is really worth seeing. Is that the one set in the fifties or sixties. Late fifties. Late fifties. I think I saw that one. <SEP> And. How about Meryl Streep.
sw3517.txt:. I guess we're ready to start. I guess what part of the country do you live in? I'm in Dallas Texas. <SEP> What about yourself? I'm also in Dallas. <SEP> The reason that I ask is the two conversations I've had have been out of state. But have you always lived here in Dallas. And. I've lived here for almost five years now. <SEP> I see. And I'm a. Before that I was at school in Rochester New York. And I'm originally from Boston. You are seeing quite a different climate and quite a different neighborhood. That's right. But I like it. <SEP> You probably have enjoyed getting away from the snow. I missed it at first. But now I go back there. And I'm a real wimp about the cold. So I like it here. It's nice. <SEP> That's good. I have lived in Texas essentially all my life. Around in Texas. And I have traveled up in the northeast and around and have enjoyed it. <SEP> But I don't know. I'm not sure I would want to take on those winters. I'm getting older and not sure that's something I want to do. I know. <SEP> I live over in the Lake Highlands area if you're familiar with that. Tell me where that is. I probably do know. <SEP> You. But I don't know it by that name. This is pretty well where L B J and Audelia Skillman cross. <SEP> We're just north of White Rock Lake. I know that area. That's a nice area. <SEP> We have some very nice homes here in this area. My particular. I guess they want us to describe the area. So my particular area the homes run anywhere from about sixty-five eighty thousand dollars on up to probably half a million. That's quite a range. <SEP> The homes that were here earlier were smaller. They've gotten larger and larger as they have developed the land. And of course it's pretty static right now. And all the values over here have dropped off because of the economy. How about you? I'm barely in Dallas. I'm just north of Addison Airport up on the tollway. <SEP>. And I guess we have a similar situation. We've got houses two streets away that are probably around seventy eighty thousand. <SEP> And then we've got Bent Tree right across the street. So I don't even know how high those go. But some of those are pretty big. <SEP> Those are over a million. So that's the strange thing about Dallas because back where I'm from you wouldn't have that sort of a variation at all. They'd all be pretty similar to one another within a couple miles. So. We have suffered from real lack of land use planning in Dallas. <SEP> Not as bad as Houston. But exactly what you're describing is what happens all over. I've noticed that. Do you live in a zero lot home. <SEP> Or. We've got a house. Let's see. We moved in about four years ago. It had previously been unoccupied. But it had existed for three years. This is a whole block of homes that a builder built all of them. And I guess he did some crazy thing to get some extra money from the bank and then ran away type of deal. <SEP> So the whole block was all foreclosed. And so some were vacant for quite a while before they finally sold them because there were so many. <SEP> Was your house in good shape. Was it damaged? The only thing that we were worried about was the air conditioner because they'd have it just running constantly with the doors and windows open. It was? But. <SEP> So we bargained to get an extra warrantee on that. I see. And we haven't had any problems. And we had originally thought we'd have to get a fix up special or something because being from the northeast we figured we couldn't afford anything. But the prices are much lower here. And this was definitely not a fix up special. But I'll tell you. It takes all my time. <SEP> Between we put in our own sprinkler system. And I just finished repainting the exterior and making drapes and buying furniture. It's just a money pit. Really is. I am familiar with that. So. <SEP> Where I live is a house that's seventeen years old when I bought it. And we bought it from someone who was in it. But before they had it it had sat empty for the better part of a year. <SEP> And I'm not sure what happened. But I do know the folks that we bought it from had done virtually no maintenance for about four years. I found a lot of things. But.
sw3252.txt:Do you have any? I have a Springer Spaniel. And her name is Thumper. She's about seven or eight years old. I got her for Christmas from my family back when we lived in Nebraska. I like to hunt. And so I thought that if I had a good hunting dog like Thumper that I could just go out and get all kinds of game. Did it work? <SEP> Except we live in Plano Texas now. So. For many years I had a dog that was part Springer Spaniel. I just love them. Her name was Molly. But she isn't alive any more. We had her for fifteen years and just loved her. She was the greatest went through two generations of children in my family and was always very gentle. <SEP> Do you have a pet now? I have a cat now. He just turned seven also. And I got him in Arizona when I used to live there. And he is huge. He is eighteen pounds. <SEP> What kind of cat is it? Just. I got him. He was born in the wild in a shed and had never been in a building when I got him. So he. And he must be cross part with some kind of desert animal because he's very long and lanky. But he's a very tame spoiled house cat now that I've had him for seven years. <SEP> Being born outside you didn't have any problems house training him? That's good. He's. He's great. And he's really spoiled though. But he's really big. So lots of times he seems to get in fights. And when he was younger I think he started them. And now I think he barely makes it. I think he gets beat up even though he's big because he's pretty much overweight and comes home with a few scratches now and then. <SEP> And older. <SEP> We went to a cat show at the Plano Center here in town. And we thought that we have a cat now. But we thought if we ever get another cat we'd want something kind of unique. So we kind of looked around. And they had everything from hairless cats to Siamese cats and Persian cats. And we sort of fell in love with the Maine Coon cats. I've seen them. I. <SEP> They're huge. I have seen them. They were. Actually I can't remember. They used to be used on ships and for mousers. So they're very nautical too. <SEP> I'll be darned. I didn't know that. I just. I think I'm being accurate in the area of folklore. But I'm not sure. That's interesting. <SEP> We kind of like. My family didn't necessarily like them as much as I did. But the Manx is that the one that doesn't have a tail. It sort of has a bob tail. I kind of like that too. But. I'd love to go to a cat show. I'm a real cat lover. I'd have a lot more cats if my boyfriend would let me. <SEP> He doesn't really like mine let alone another one. I'll tell you an interesting story about how I got my dog. And then I suppose our five minutes will be up. <SEP> I work for a university. And I went to Omaha Nebraska to recruit students. And I had some time off in the afternoon. So I went to a pet shop. And I saw these little Springer Spaniels. And so I decided this would really be a nice dog to have. So when I got back home to Carney Nebraska I told my wife about it. And I said this is just a. I can just hear the dog crying for me now. I know what you mean. <SEP> And Christmas is coming up. And so I had to go back the next week as well as a bunch of other people from the university. And one of the people that we went with they were friends of ours. And so we got to Omaha. And I decided I'd take my friend over and show him the dog. And so I got over there. And she said that's too bad the dog has already been sold. And I didn't realize it. But this guy had somehow worked it out so that he got there a little bit earlier bought the dog. And she was in the back room. And so that night we had a reception for some of the potential high school students or college students. And he had the dog the whole time in his room. And I had no idea. And so we headed back to Carney that night. And the dog rode in the car. And we stopped along the way and had a bite to eat. And they left the dog in the car. And I guess while we were inside eating Thumper just tore the heck out of the inside of the car. And finally we made it back to Carney. And.
sw3161.txt:The AIDS issue is a bit of a problem. I guess the first thing that comes to my mind is the financial end. And how can a country stand to spend as much or much more than they already are on such a problem. But then that kind of thinking is also tempered with the knowledge or at least the rumor that we're not spending as much per afflicted person on cancer. There's some. Take breast cancer for instance. It seems to be doing much more damage and affecting many more people than AIDS. And yet more people die of it. And yet the funding has already exceeded. AIDS has more money than breast cancer. Than. That's interesting isn't it. So. If it's true. I've always heard these things. I've never bothered to dig it out and make sure. But I've heard it on more than one documentary that they were complaining that whoever's sitting up there making these decisions or whatever institutions raise the money and. It's just one big P R campaign that. We think that's the world's worst thing. So let's give money to AIDS. And yet we've had breast cancer problems for years. <SEP> And it's just. Course one of the shows I saw was taking it from the angle that since it doesn't effect men it's not going to get funded. And having thought about that for a while. What did you think about that idea? I thought that might be possible since there are a lot of men in control of that kind of thing. But then I got to thinking the number one killer of men seems to be the prostate. And there's only one test that just recently got developed a antibody test for the antigen in the blood. And that's fairly recent. And yet men have been dying from prostate cancer for years. <SEP> They've not really given it attention either. So it's not really cured. It's not that heavily funded either. And then that seems to be one of the major problems that men have in the realm of cancer. So I don't know. I guess there's just some strange public opinion as to who they want to give to. How they fund whatever illness they wish. It's kind of hard to get an even keel on that. It's really hard to say. There's a hundred thousand per year affected by this one. So let's give it this amount. And then this other one's only a tenth of that. So give it a tenth of that and just keep doling it out that way. Or. <SEP> I'm glad I'm not the one that's in charge of making those decisions. You wish that there could just be money for all these problems because they're all so serious. It's not so serious until it affects your family. And then all of a sudden it's the most important thing. So I would hate to have that responsibility just personally. But then again we really do have it as a society to decide which things we need to address. I guess it frightens me to think of so many people with AIDS and with cancer. And many of those things if they're not able to be insured then the country's going to pay for it one way or the other. Whether it's through prevention or treatment or just helping the people when they are not able to take care of themselves. <SEP> It seems like one way or the other we're going to end up paying for it. That's true. But. The other thought that I had. I've had several minutes to think about this after I. While I was finding people I could think about the topic longer that the person that receives it. So it's kind of a unfair advantage as it were. <SEP> But the other thing that I thought of on this is I wonder if there isn't enough money in our economy or in our system. It seems like there's so much that goes to things that don't really do a whole lot of good. They're kind of nice. But we have such an affluent society that I wonder if we took a little from here and there and the other if we might wind up with a cure for just about everything. Just change our p-. Of course then we wouldn't have any room to put people. But that's. <SEP> Just change our priorities a little bit. You hear these ridiculous figures for pizza. Or you hear these phenomenal amounts of dollars spent for this that or the other. And then you have all the arts that are nice and aesthetic. But are they that enhancing for the masses. <SEP> They certainly do well for those who go to the symphony orchestra and all that. But had all that donation and time and labor and effort gone toward something else.
sw2645.txt:The general topic is hobbies. Let's hear about your hobbies. <SEP> Let's see. What kind of hobbies do I have? I guess it's more not so much a hobby but things I enjoy doing. I enjoy playing basketball and basically all kinds of sports. And. Any handicrafts? Excuse me. Any handicrafts? <SEP> Not really. I'm really not too creative. I around with my hands and things like that. I leave that more up to my Mom. I think I'm in handicraft. I think it will become resume writing. <SEP> Let's hope that you aren't employed by that craft for too long. I hate to think about it. And I'm getting rather good at reading want ads. It. <SEP> What kind of time frame is it looking for the different shifts up there? I. Who knows. Is it. Basically I had read that they're just looking at relocating them all to McKinney Texas. All means about fifteen to twenty percent of. <SEP> I'm sure the number's somewhere classified. But some of the internal news and the news services. So it's approximately six fifty. So ten percent of six fifty is sixty-five. And twenty percent would be one thirty. <SEP> How about that. That's what it did report was a hundred and thirty relocating down to McKinney. That's possible. How about that. That's unfortunate. Is there many other. Are you in the defense? <SEP> Is it many other corporations in the area? I saw Seven Eleven that was hiring. I'm sure with the new contract awarding. I think it went to Lockheed didn't it? <SEP> I hear they're hiring all over the place for that. Apple's coming to town. And that has some opportunities. And. <SEP> Is that ad good just to Colorado or to Colorado Springs? Colorado Springs specifically. How about that. And M C I -s coming if telemarketing is your bag. <SEP> Personally I'd rather die a slow painful death. But. You in the computer operations or in the actual manufacturing? I'm a defense worker. I'm government tool control specialist. <SEP> That's why I was in the Deseg down here in Plano also. Are you still employed? Am I still employed by T I. I took a leave of T I back in November. <SEP> Actually December was my first month away from them. Exempt or? Exempt. <SEP> Unfortunately for myself it was purely by my own choice. There was no incentive for myself to leave. But it was just an opportunity arose. And decided to take it. So you didn't even get the severance package. I should have taken the option when that was there. But it was just I missed it by a couple months. But what can one do. I'm just happy still to have a job. Are you happy with what you are doing now? <SEP> I am kind of happy with it. It's getting better all the time. I knew it would be different from the very beginning. But as you get to know more of the people that work there and more of what's going on with the system. I was in the computer operations. It all starts to become similar. There's benefits. And there's things that weren't as good. But as an overall package I'd say I'm pretty happy so far with the way it's turned out. It hasn't been a long time T I. Or I'm significantly shaken by the situation but not devastated. <SEP>. <SEP> The one thing at least in your favor is the fact that that is more in the support of the manufacturing. And there's lots and lots of companies that have. To tell you the truth I'm not really worried. That's great. That's good. And I seem rather happy about it most of the time just to know what might happen. <SEP>. <SEP> Sometimes it's good just to have everything out on the table. But still in all it feels funny. It may be a blessing in disguise. <SEP> I know a number of people who are surplused. And they're just. Actually the positions that they found outside of the company were much much better than the ones that they currently had inside. So despite the fact that I should be tying flies or fly fishing or going for walks in the mountains I can't seem to get into it right now. <SEP> I'm sure it's just with the way that things are so topsy-turvy right now as soon as you decide on a pass. Situational. I doubt I'll be here in six months. Would you like to be there? I. All things being equal. <SEP> Or even somewhere better. But this is much better than west Texas. <SEP> Just take the day. But then they tell me Hell is much better than west Texas. That whole area is actually quite nice. My little brother lives in Austin right now. <SEP> That's a beautiful place. Goes to U T. That's just fantastic down there. Take it more as a. This is your opportunity to do whatever you want. Pick out where you want to live. And then once you pick that spot out pick out what you want to do. That's the problem. For the last many years I've more or less let them direct what I want to do and where I want to go. And just kind of go with the punches. <SEP>. <SEP> And now I feel lost. That's a. It takes a bit of a shift doesn't it. I had job offers. <SEP> But I never found the one that was worth it for me to leave. And that. The best thing about it is that you can try something. If you don't like it move on to something else. That's the way I would have looked at the whole thing here. I'll take a chance. If I don't like it I'll go someplace else do something different. Had you been with T I long when you changed? <SEP> Five years. There's a noticeable difference there. I've been with them sixteen. <SEP> I can imagine the longer and longer it goes. Actually seventeen now. And. Momentum is uh driving force in our lives. So. I'm looking as a opportunity. <SEP> That's good. You've got a good attitude about it. And I'm looking at it as a change. And I'm looking at it as an adventure. <SEP> There you go. That's the way to do it. And maybe I'll wet a fly line this year and do some camping if I don't get laid off between now and then. There you go. That's the thing to do. That's much funner than doing any kind of job. How about we end this? <SEP> That will work out just fine. Nice talking to you. Nice talking to you. <SEP>
sw3168.txt:. Since I initiated the call I guess I'll start off first. Number one I have absolutely no problem with random testing. I spend an awful lot of time traveling on the job. And I would be very comfortable if they would do drug testing for particularly airline pilots and such. I'd feel much more comfortable than I do now based on what I've been hearing in the newspapers. So I really don't have a problem with it. I don't either. I've never. I don't work at home right now. I stay home with my children. But my husband works. And they do have that at his place of employment. And neither of us have a problem with it. We've particularly like you said with the things that the airlines and such. It's a scary thing to know that you just don't know what people are doing before they go to work. <SEP> And the advertisements on television lately have been so. There have been so many. There's. Just about. Train wrecks and things like that that. I feel like. Probably just for our own safety when we're traveling and things that would be something I'd like to know that's going on. I happen to be. My job is I'm supervisor of personnel safety for the world's largest paint company. So. It's very near and dear to me when we start talking about drug testing for random sampling and testing for cause this type of thing. And even in our field we have people that are in very high risk jobs. And we at the present time do not have random testing. <SEP> And I am pushing towards that. I honestly feel if people have nothing to hide they shouldn't have a problem with it. And if they are trying to hide something then I have to know that because we're talking major liabilities. Not only with themselves but with other employees. <SEP> And I really. They're talking about sports and sports personalities and all this stuff that I would much prefer having doctors and airline pilots tested on a random basis. I have a real fear. That at some point something's going to happen. And they're showing it with AIDS. So why. They ought to start doing something with the drugs. So I really have no problem with it. <SEP> It's unfortunate that everyone doesn't have that opinion. I've heard some people just talking in our group of friends that they just feel it's an invasion of privacy and things like that. But in the long run it seems to me it's kind of like what they keep talking about the AIDS testing with doctors or dentists and things and how that. They feel that's not fair and whatever. But those kind of things I'd like to know myself. <SEP> It wouldn't be. In my opinion. I've had a lot of dental work done. And the last dentist didn't even use gloves at all. So. That kind of. So that kind of thing really kind of concerns me. That scares me because if that's the way they are. I. If I were a dentist I'd want to be protected too. <SEP> You would think so. That is because. And I worked for a dentist. And that's. You come in contact with a lot of blood and things like that. And it's real real dangerous. <SEP> I would think. But with all the accidents just with everything happening with. Just. Airlines just drive me crazy. People are afraid to fly now. Just because they don't know what their pilot's been doing and things like that. And. <SEP> I don't know. Where you're located I do know Texas Instruments has random drug testing. And I think they've had it for several years. And their program they had I don't think had a lot of problems associated with it. But my brother-in-law happens to work there. And it sounded very positive. And I think it's great. I would encourage it. I'm pushing our company towards that. <SEP> And if they do find someone who is having a problem with drugs. And they can get them the help that they need. As opposed to just letting the problem go on without any support. And whatever. <SEP> Because a lot of people obviously are trying to hide that from their employer and friends and family and things. And too many people are just dying. Particularly in our area. <SEP> I don't know what the crime is like where you are. But the crime rate here is just astronomical. Ours is changing. Ours is changing. It's increasing. I live in a very nice suburb. And it's unbelievable what's going on and the selling of drugs. It's just too loose. It's too free. I just got a piece of paper the other day that now they have these. I have two very little children under two. <SEP> And I got a piece of paper from my husband's office. It's talking about these drug tattoos now that they have got. It looks like a sticker. And it's for kid.
sw3286.txt:So what do you think about it? I found it interesting that they started off with a problems of immigration in America and then went back and said if there is a problem what should we do about it? <SEP> I guess that's so. Do you feel there's a problem with immigration in America? I think there's some problems. But they're not really big ones. I think that in general the whole immigration policy isn't quite as open as it should be. That it's really pretty hard for people from other countries to get in here even if they're educated and will be a good asset to America. It's often hard for them to get in and get on the track towards citizenship unless they marry a citizen or something like that. <SEP> That's interesting. I was wondering what your response would be. I'm a first generation American. So I'm from immigrant parents. Or an immigrant mother anyway. Where did you come from? <SEP> So where did your parents come from? <SEP> Poland. And. And that was prior to World War Two. <SEP> But it's interesting that with the topic I think I agree with you. There needs to be more of an open policy. <SEP> And we have to remember the Chinese came here and were our labor for the Transatlantic Railroad. And our Irish came and built the towns and did labor. <SEP> But what do you think. Are you from Texas. Or. I'm from Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania. <SEP> That will be interesting. And a lot of. Because we have just had a Naturalization Act where the Mexicans that were residents in Texas have become citizens now. <SEP>. <SEP> What do you think about that? I think that's all right. I. At least on the surface it sounds like a good thing. Do you have an opinion about it? I agree with it wholeheartedly. <SEP> The only thing is I've got to share with you my background is from New Jersey. So when you were giving your answer I was thinking is this a Texan I'm talking to? <SEP> Because Texan philosophy is a little different. A lot of the experience that I have with this problem has to do with my brother-in-law who's Chinese and immigrated from China. And he got a green card and is in good standing in America and China but only because he was always nice to the Chinese government and all that. <SEP> And he was always on pretty good terms with them. We. But their. My sister just had a baby. And they're trying to get permission for his mother to come to America to help care for the kid and that sort of thing. And it's turned out to be sort of a horrible problem. It's just very difficult to get a woman who doesn't have a lot of assets or whatever out of China even temporarily to visit here. <SEP> Then you have first in the experience on immigration. That is interesting. <SEP> I wonder even with those that were involved with Tienamen's Square. Did we really protect them? And I think that's pretty crazy because those students who were in America when that was happening are almost certainly going to be in trouble if they go back. <SEP> And aside for that they're the best and brightest of China. So it's certainly in our best selfish interest to keep them here if we can. That is true. That is true. What do you think about. <SEP> We have in Texas a large Vietnamese population that has been brought in. <SEP> What do you think about that? And these are not the brightest. These are refujees you mean? <SEP> We're talking boat people. <SEP> We have a lot of boat people in Texas. I don't have any problem with that. You're a true liberal heart-to-heart. Good for you. I guess so. <SEP> I was ready for a fight on this one. I agree because. <SEP> Interesting when my daughter was in high school one of the custodians was Vietnamese. And with his limited English they found out that he was a medical doctor.
sw3763.txt:Are you there? Tell me your favorite team. <SEP> Baseball? I've kind of been intrigued with the Rangers more so with their management than anything else. I don't follow baseball that closely. But since I live here so close to Arlington that's the team that I've been kind of following. I think it's a little bit late in the season for them to assign us. Where do you think they're headed. So we'll have to talk about the future with the Rangers. <SEP>. What are your thinkings on what they can do what they'll be able to do? <SEP> I think that with so much controversy over Ruben Sierra not signing and asking us for so much money it's I think. I'm not real sure about th-. Do you know anything about Ruben Sierra's. I heard tonight on the news that he is willing to come down. On his. That he was willing to come down a little bit if the Rangers will go up a little bit. <SEP> And the Rangers go up a little bit. <SEP> But a little bit from thirty million dollars or thirty-five mil-. That's a lot of money. I think the entire baseball. They're the ones that probably are paying the highest. They are. And I think this is absolutely ridiculous. <SEP>. And I really think that they ought to. I'm not real sure that they should pay him that much money. I think they should pay him what his salary is going to be and let him. Because he's got one more year before he turns into a free agent. That's right. <SEP> And then who knows. If he produces next year they may have to end up paying him anyway. But if he doesn't then his market value will go down. And they can pick him up for a lot less than they would if they paid him the six million dollars a year this year. What I saw on the news today that. Buechele was back just to visit. <SEP> I'm awful sorry he's not still. But what he. That was a great deal for him. I'm sure it was. <SEP> It was a great deal for him. And he just signed on. I think it was a five year deal with Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh. <SEP> So he's real happy there. As far as the Rangers are concerned I think they definitely need some pitching. And so I. What do you think of Howse who is the coach for the pitchers? <SEP> The pitching coach? I was just looking at the news tonight. And they showed a black guy that was helping out His assistant. His assistant. <SEP> And I think that's a great addition. He seemed to know what he was doing. And. I really wish they could see fit to get rid of Howse. <SEP> You don't like Howse? I really don't. And I'm not going to stand up on my soapbox and say that. <SEP> But I'm not fond of Howse. <SEP> And I'm not fond of Grieves. Tom Grieve? <SEP> I'm not sure that they're ready to get rid of Tom Grieve yet. But Howse might be a different situation. And I think you're probably right that they need some changes in pitching coach maybe. And. I'm just gullible enough that I think Bobby Valentine is doing all right. And I'm sure. You do? <SEP> That's contrary to popular belief. I know. I know so. But I would like so much for these Rangers to get their act together and give Nolan Ryan the support he needs. I know. It's too bad that it has to be a forty-two year old guy to lead the Rangers. I understand. <SEP> They need to have some young guys that can take the lead. And. I have so many mixed emotions about all this. But I think with their new stadium they should go and let.
sw3235.txt:What do you feel is the major change that's been going on? That's a tough question. We are now able to work full eight hours a day and still do our housework. <SEP> Don't ask me. I think that has been the major change is that women feel they need to go out and do this. They no longer feel it's no big deal to stay home and raise your family any more. It has no credibility any more. <SEP> I know it. And I think that's really sad because I think there's going to be a generation of kids that are going to grow up raised by somebody else. I'm a school teacher. And I'm in charge of raising them. So I can appreciate it. You don't. <SEP> I'm still home with my last one. And I wouldn't change a minute of it for anything. Good for you. Good for you. But I can't help but think that eventually the pendulum's going to swing back the other way again. <SEP> It's interesting because when I heard the topic I was thinking. This summer Oprah had a T V show about wives that refused to go to work and how their husbands thought they were terrible. And one woman had four children. <SEP> And her husband said she wasn't pulling her own weight in the family. That's. That's frightening. It's sad. <SEP> And from the audience participation it was almost a social issue. People were siding with the husband saying You've got to go to work if you have these four children you've got to support them. And nobody would give her credit for being home and raising them. <SEP> I think too many people feel they need to live a more extravagant life-style than necessary. That's true. To. I don't think the kids don't benefit from the bigger house and the fancier cars and this type of thing. I think that they would from the attention or whatever. <SEP> That's true. But it. I don't know. I see it as a major problem. And I think it's going to have to swing back the other way because I think we're going to have an awful lot of kids who are going to have major problems from all this. As I said I teach school. <SEP> And I'm trying to think. I don't know. I have one mother that I know is home. But she also has ten children. What grade do you teach? Six seven and eight. Six seven and eight. I've got a chi-. Where do you live? Are you out. <SEP> In Richardson. In Richardson. We're in Plano here. I have a daughter in middle school. And I know there aren't very many. She has a few friends that have moms who are still at home. But do you ever see problems that you feel that the kids are left alone too much. <SEP> And. I've got one child that stays with me every day until five because his mother doesn't come home until seven. And he doesn't want to be home from three thirty until seven by himself. He stays at school? <SEP> And the school allows that? He stays with me. <SEP> And I have a tendency to work late. I work until six. So he stays with me until five thirty and then goes home. <SEP> And I have lots of kids because they know I'm there late. I'm a slow mover to say the least. But they'll come in and say Can I stay with you because I don't want to go home to an empty house. And that's frightening because the. When I said I'm raising them I am. Because we're talking about boy friends. And we're talking about what the girl said in class. And what's right because there's no mother at home. <SEP> No mother to talk to. And it makes a difference. I. And just the social values. I've just. Do you feel it will swing back the other way. Or do you feel there's just going to be a big push for more and more day care type situations? <SEP> I don't know. I have a feeling we're going to go more and more. I've got a twenty-one year old female. And I've got twenty-two year old male children. And I listen to my daughter. And she's going to work. And she's going to buy her house. And she's going to get her car. And then she's going to have her children. And then when they go on one salary will they be able to sustain what their life-style is. <SEP> And they're back to work. And I agree with you. I was raised in a generation we didn't need all those things. And we lived without them. We did fine.
sw2434.txt:What would you say your opinion is on gun control? I don't know. I've had mixed emotions when I listen to the radio and watch T V about the different things that are happening. I'm against it. But on the same token I went out and purchased a gun just because I wanted the right to do that. Ye-. <SEP> So I have a rifle in the house. The ammunition is probably so old I'm afraid to use it. But I bought it for target practicing and also because I wanted a weapon. How do you feel about it? I think down here in Texas they don't have a waiting period on handguns. And I think they need that. And I have a pistol. It's a little twenty-two. And I have a twelve gauge shotgun. <SEP> An- I do like to have my guns. I don't know if I'll ever use it. And like you my bullets to my little pistol's probably about three years old. My gun hasn't been shot in a year or two. <SEP> But I like to have them handy. Up in New England where I'm from you had to get a permit before you could buy any ammunition. And I thought that was really good. And I think if they. <SEP> Takes two weeks for that system to process your request to buy ammunition. You have to get a permit from the police station in your local area to do that. I've never heard of anything like that. That would be nice. But a-. <SEP> The criminals that are going to get their guns one way or the other. I agree. <SEP> I think one of the things that needs to happen is to stop the impulse buyer from buying it quickly and maybe putting a week's waiting period or something on it. But if someone's really determined to pick up a firearm you can pick it up any place. <SEP> And you can get them really cheap. I know. I had a waiting period on my pistol because I was down in Tennessee. And they had a waiting period. And we bought it there. And. <SEP> How long was the waiting period out there? About nine days. That wasn't too too bad. <SEP> Because if you're going to go buy something of that nature I think you're going to have some idea as to what you're going to do with it. You're not going to react that quickly. In other words you don't have a need to go buy a gun to go shoot it the next day. Th-. Somebody wants to do that. At times I think they ought to have a waiting period on all firearms. I do too. Because it doesn't make any difference whether it's a pistol or a shotgun I suppose. They both do the same kind of job. A shotgun hurts worse than a pistol does. <SEP> I suppose. I never got shot with either one. But I don't know. I think you could recover from a pistol but not from a shotgun. A shotgun's got too much of a spread. Or at least ours does. It's. You have a little thing on top of the barrel where you turn it. <SEP> You can make it either tight or as loose as loose can get. And the spread changes. <SEP> I've got a manual single shot. And I guess it doesn't have any automatic features to it. The further away I get the wider the shot gets from the target. And the closer that I get the tighter that it gets. It's got a hell of a kick to it. My husband had a police gun at one time. And I shot that thing one time. Almost knocked me down. <SEP> And it just a li-. I forget. I think it was a three fifty-seven. I'm not sure. Do you belong to a gun club or you? He belonged to one awhile back. Since we moved. We've only been here in Texas for about a year. <SEP> And we can't even find a place to shoot. Just for target practice. No kidding. I'd love to get used to that shotgun. We traded his pistol for that shotgun. <SEP> The clubs that we've got around here are kind of expensive. But it's well worth it. You can go down and shoot up against a sand bag and some targets and have competition. I've never really joined a club because I haven't got the time. Not because I haven't got the desire. There's an annual membership fee that's fairly high. Plus there's an initiation fee that you have to pay because of first time member. So the whole process can cost you a hundred fifty dollars to join the club. Plus you have to pay for the ammunition in any tournaments that you would join in. That's what my husband. When he was in that gun club where he was doing that. It. He went mostly just to shoot at paper targets. <SEP> But they used speed and accuracy and all that. I think that the gun clubs serve a useful purpose. In fact I'd like to see somehow they tie the legislation into not only when you buy a weapon you have to show that you've gone to school or gone to some class to know how to handle that weapon. That's a good. I've never thought of that. <SEP> That's a good point. And it. Even after you wait your nine days if you don't know how to handle it it's just like putting someone in an automobile that doesn't know how to drive. And you give him a license because he waited nine days. That's. And. <SEP> He could not only shoot himself. He could mishandle a weapon. Leave it at home and let a child get at it. It. We was living on a navy base down in Memphis. And this one guy decided to play lonesome cowboy or something. And he was twirling his gun around and shot himself in his foot. He was fortunate. He could of hit something else. He went tumbling down the steps along with shooting his foot almost off. He broke his leg and collar bone and a couple of other things being Mister Cowboy. <SEP> I can't remember what the term was going around. It was about four or five years ago. <SEP> But. I guess that would be a good idea. About private citizens selling a weapons? Like if you wanted to sell your pistol to me. How do you feel about that? Do you believe there ought to be legislation guiding the buyer and the seller? Or do you believe that you ought to be able to sell your system because you own it? <SEP> That's a hard one because we did that. But I think there ought to be some rule against it. I'll. The person who sells the gun ought to protect themselves because if that gun's registered to them and somebody else uses that gun in something the cops are going to come to you. Isn't there a way to deregister yourself after you register a gun? <SEP> I have no idea. I've only had one gun. Because I have. And I've kept it the one gun that was in my name. <SEP> Is it registered? I-. <SEP> The rifle that I've got is not registered. And I don't know why I never registered it. But the. I don't think you have to register a shotgun. <SEP> I think it's voluntary. The. My husband has a thing. If they go to all right banning guns. Private citizens. This. My kid is jumping on me. I can't hardly talk. <SEP> My husband feels that they'll come and collect everybody's guns. I guess that could happen. It's just like the social security system. Once they gave everybody a number. And now they're making you get one at birth. <SEP> And once they have your number they have your identification. And if you try to do anything like not identify yourself to the government they know who you are. And everything about you. <SEP> And that's true. I. Bu- they know how much money you make a week to probably your. My kid is banging. I was seeing what they was banging on. I've lost my train of thought. I'm sorry. That's all right. You were talking about what the Federal government knows about people. The Soc-. <SEP> They probably know everything from half the time what time you go to the bathroom. They probably do. That's a little bit extreme. But they could know anything and everything about you. And I'd like to have my gun. If they go to banning them I'd lose my gun. But we wouldn't lose our shotgun. <SEP> And we're wanting to get a couple of more that no one knows about. But I don't. <SEP> Do you find it difficult picking up guns that are not registered? I don't either. I can buy some today if I wanted to. Just put up the money. W-. <SEP> You can look in the. We got a thing down here called A SHOPPER. It's a bargain thing. You go and always see guns in there. Five to seven guns a day. <SEP> It comes out every Tuesday. And there's no waiting period on that. None whatsoever. <SEP> You call. We sold a refrigerator through it. And it took us all of twelve hours. To sell the refrigerator? <SEP>. And I'm sure it'd be even less for somebody with a good gun. And I think the Federal government is really far away from control. I don't believe in. I shouldn't probably say control. I mean regulation. Control is something that I wouldn't want the Federal government to have. But I would like to see them have a monitoring capability so that they know who has what weapons. I agree with you there. They do have too much control over us already. <SEP> We could look at our paychecks and see how much control they have. Unfortunately we vote for the people who spend the money. So I can't complain too much. I guess so. I don't know. They're.
sw3156.txt:-ing seems to be a topic that's going to probably take about a generation to catch on or maybe a generation to two. And we may have to do it out of necessity as far as moving that time schedule up. It does seem to be a lot of habits to break. I wasn't raised as a kid on it. But my kids are. And so they tended to want to grab the aluminum cans when that was one of the first things to do. And we were doing all right there until the price dropped out. And they weren't worth anything anymore. And we. It took us almost a year to get a garbage sack full. We just don't drink that many. So as far as at home use we'll pick up a six pack every once in a while or for whatever occasion of Doctor Pepper or something. And by the time we gathered up enough crushed cans to take it in. At the time it was still about forty or fifty cents a pound. And we came out with about a dollar. It just really wasn't worth it. <SEP> And a lot of hassle all year round. And cans laying. So they realized. Of course to them a dollar was a dollar at four and five years old. That was a big deal. But we decided it wasn't worth us keeping it. And then T I started keeping up with cans there. So occasionally I'll bring whatever I've got laying around the car or the like and throw them in there. Least it gets back into the system. But as far as a habit at the house I haven't started on anything other than just whatever the city wants to pick up. Have you all got the individual containers yet? <SEP> I read in the paper this week where maybe. I don't know if it was. I guess maybe this week someone may start getting them if the truck that picks them up is outfitted in time. But it should be starting probably in the next month if everything goes that. I'm not sure all what we're going to have to do whether we have three separate containers. I really don't understand that part on what they've told you to separate everything. It seemed like. If I recall it's been a long time. They're way behind schedule on that particular part of it. They were fine on the big green containers. <SEP> But seems like they said they were just going to have a bin. And all different types would go in there. And then that they would sort it as needed. It seemed that there was. At the time anyway the thinking was that there was too much not getting sorted properly and that at the collection sites where everything's clearly labeled and people that happen to go to that kind of trouble to do it happen to do it pretty well. Those are okay to have the general public doing the sorting. But when it comes down to just general purpose trash that all the houses. The success rate of getting it sorted properly seemed to be poor. So they felt that having one guy just sit there and run through it real quick was better than having a household try it. <SEP> But I don't know. That sounds like an awful lot of labor to sort the entire week's worth of trash for a house. It would get messy too. <SEP> I know other places when they recycle they have to wash out their glass jars and whatnot. Which we're not in the habit of doing. That's true. <SEP> I was brought up long time ago that they didn't even have cans. They had bottles. And you'd return them to the grocery store. And you'd get our money back. And that was all well and good. They don't seem to still be doing that. If they could just eliminate the cans and use glass. But I guess this day and age they don't. <SEP> They don't do that. We live next to a set of railroad tracks. And it seemed to be a very popular thing for people driving by that highway there by our tracks to throw the bottles at the tracks and try to break them. But they weren't that successful. So there were a lot of bottles to be returned. And we just walk about a half a mile in each direction and gathered up enough to buy whatever we wanted for the day. <SEP> And. And they p-. I think kids don't appreciate maybe the value of money that it's so little that they don't care. They can get more somewhere else. Just a little bit of begging will. <SEP> For a good. They're. The nickels the dimes or that they would get the kids just don't seem to care that that much about a small amount of money. I wonder. But we did buy a can crusher. And we are crushing cans. And we buy the soda when it's on sale for ninety-nine cents. So I would say in the last three years we've probably used a lot more cans than ever before. <SEP> It was just easier to do that than to open a large liter bottle and then have it go flat. So that's the main reason we sort of are into cans at this point rather than the liter bottles. Where do you take your cans? <SEP> As you say it takes a while to build it up. Since we've had the crusher all summer I guess we just now maybe have a bag full that we haven't ta-. I think the kids when we were on vacation they said they did take them to a recycling place probably at one of the li-.
sw2568.txt:. What's your most recent one that you've seen? <SEP> Actually what I do. I haven't been to a movie theater in probably eight or nine months. So I haven't really seen any movies in the movie theater. But I rent probably four or five movies a week. I used to do that too. But I haven't been doing it lately. But. <SEP> We've got a good video place out here. And I'm just trying to think of all the movies I've recently seen. AIR AMERICA. I haven't seen that one. Have you seen WILD ORCHID? Is it good? <SEP> It depends. Do you like steamy movies. Not ye-. I know that sounds funny coming from a woman. But usually I don't. What type of movies do you like? Action. <SEP> Bu- d-. I guess two of my favorite movies is probably LETHAL WEAPON and LETHAL WEAPON TWO. And those are two of my most favorite. They're just really good movies. And I liked BIRD ON A WIRE. And movies like that. <SEP> Do you like suspense movies. Or do you like just action. Or. Some like. What do you mean. Are you talking about movies like DIE HARD TWO. <SEP> JAGGED EDGE. JAGGED EDGE was a suspenseful one. Or FATAL ATTRACTION. I liked that. That was pretty good. That was okay. I guess I thought it was too far fetched. But so many people said it wasn't. But I guess. <SEP> I hope I don't run across them. That's true because. I don't know. I just didn't find that one to be real. I just thought it was too far fetched. What was your favorite all time movie? I can't think off my head. Do you know which one yours was? <SEP> I have to say that probably the one movie that really threw me back the most that I was really the most in shock with was probably STAR WARS. That's. When that first came out I really did not expect the special effects or anything like that. <SEP> Out of all the movies I've never been as excited to go back. I was ready to go back and see it again. You're right about that. But that's really an all time classic. I don't think anything could ever beat that. I also liked GONE WITH THE WIND or some of the classic like THE LAWRENCE OF ARABIA. I've never seen that. <SEP> You haven't? Should I rent it? Should I go rent it tomorrow. <SEP> That's a real interesting movie. And it's got a good historical perspective to it. That's probably something I need to see right now because I'm taking history in school. So it'd probably be a good thing for me to see. <SEP> Actually I just saw a movie called THE LOST CAPONE. And it's about Al Capone's brothers. Primarily one of his brothers. <SEP> And I won't give the whole plot away. But it's really a good movie. Al Capone had three brothers. And one of them was lost for many many years. And he turns out to be a law man. <SEP> It's really interesting. It. You just gave it away. I guess I can't go see it. That's okay. I didn't give away the whole thing. I just gave away just enough to get you interested. That does sound good. Is it one. I guess it's a rental. <SEP> It is. I may have to do that. Go see it. Or go rent it. And a lot of times what I wind up doing is picking an actor or an actress and seeing all. <SEP> I've seen all of James Dean's movies. All of Mae West's movies. And just kind of go out and rent all the movies and just kind of go. I guess you could do that get all of David Carradine's movies or Segal. <SEP> To. What's his first name. I can't remember his first name. It's not David is it? Is it David Segal. I don't know. He was on Arsenio just recently. I don't watch that. <SEP> It was really kind of interesting because Arsenio was asking him about what he thought of one of the other action guys. I can't even remember the name. He said he wouldn't really talk about it. Didn't want to talk about him because he didn't think he was such a good action guy. <SEP> It wasn't Stallone. It was. I can't remember. I can't remember the guy's name. But I like all the RAMBO movies. That's one side of the action that I didn't really care for. But I don't really like Sylvester Stallone. I don't think he's really a very good actor. I know that sounds awful because so many people think he's so wonderful. But I just have never been a Stallone fan. <SEP> Adrian. That's pretty good. Like I say. I just have I don't know I just have never seen any interest in him. But. <SEP> We actually rent probably a good combination of movies with the exception of horror films. Don't watch really very many horror films at all. I don't either. <SEP> I don't know. There's something about people coming up through the sofa to get you or something coming out of the T V that just doesn't make my day. You're right. It's so. I guess I'm a realist and so when I watch movies like that it's this can not happen. So I just don't enjoy it because it's just come on give me a break. <SEP> I just. And so many of them are done so poorly. It just doesn't even give you the effect. Some of them are done good. And they do scare you. But so many of them are just done real. I don't know. I'm not really into those. <SEP> I just saw a really interesting movie called FLATLINERS. That was one of my favorites. I thought that was a very good movie. <SEP> I was really impressed with that one. What I liked about it was that it was a new subject. Nobody had ever touched it before. And it was done so well. It was just. <SEP> It was just crazy enough for th-. Students might try to do it. And it's not like there's a lot of scientific data on it. That's probably true. But it was a very good movie. It was done real well too. There wasn't any part of it that you really felt this can't happen. It seemed real. It was really good. That was one. It's not my all time favorite movie. But it was good. It was really good. <SEP> And I don't know if you like this kind. But I thought PRETTY WOMAN was a really good movie too. That was a great movie. We've seen that two or three times. We waited. And we rented it. <SEP> But it was really good. Have you seen SHRIMP ON THE BARBY? I haven't. I don't know if I've even heard of that one. <SEP> It's got. It must have what's his name in it. It doesn't. <SEP>. Hogan? Paul Hogan. <SEP> I'm surprised. It's got Cheech Marin. That must be pretty good then. Was it good. <SEP> It is. It's kind of a poor man's PRETTY WOMAN in reverse. But it was kind of cute. Actually did you see DIRTY ROTTEN SCOUNDRELS? <SEP> I though that was a really cute movie. I enjoyed that. It was. TWINS was good too. Because when I thought of that I thought of. There was another one. What's the one that just. DANCES WITH WOLVES have you seen that yet? I haven't. You've got to see that one. It's really. <SEP> I hear that's the one that you really need to see at the theater instead of home video. That's probably true. That's probably true. It's very very good. Very good. That's another one that. I was really glad when it won all those awards because it really deserved it. <SEP> My wife has got a picture from Kevin Costner. And he signed it. It's from DANCES WITH WOLVES. And he signed it. He happens to be a friend of one of her business associates. Or not a friend a cousin. That's impressive. <SEP> But we got a nice picture. And it came in an envelope that says DANCES WITH WOLVES. So we've got to try to get out there and see that one. It's really worth it. It's a very good movie. And. I would suggest seeing it at the theater. I know that they're still playing it. And they pushed it back to playing it in the theaters until August. <SEP> I think because they were scheduling a video release of it in July. And then when it won all those awards they pushed it back to August. So. But. That one is definitely worth seeing. It's really good. Did you see DRIVING MISS DAISY? And I didn't think that one was near as good. <SEP> I guess it was okay. It was all right. But when I compare the winners of this year and last year it just. I don't know. Maybe it's not.
sw2868.txt:Have you grown up in Dallas Stephanie? I've only been here for the last ten years. Where are you from? <SEP> I grew up most of my childhood in Germany. In Germany. And. <SEP> We took a lot of vacations while we were there because everything was within driving distance. There's a place I'd like to visit. So we travelled all over Europe. When I was very young. Unfortunately a little bit too young to really appreciate. That's neat. <SEP> I was grade school age. My husband took a bicycle tour about five months right after the second world war. And so we've seen lots of pictures of the beautiful spots and areas. <SEP> That would be to me a really nice vacation because I'm not in physical shape for something like that but I sure would work on it if I had an opportunity like that. Y-. <SEP> <SEP> that's neat. What kind of vacations do you like? My husband and I are scuba divers. H-. <SEP> So we both like to go to dive resorts. We went to Hawaii on our honeymoon. And we dove there. But we did about six dives while we were there. And we were originally planning on going to Cayman last year. <SEP> But we weren't able to get enough people together for the trip. We had to have eleven people for this package deal. <SEP> And we couldn't get enough people together to go. So it ended up falling through. <SEP> We were going to get a really good price. When our children were younger we lived up in New Jersey and used to like traveling into upstate New York and camping. <SEP> And we had a little collapsible sailboat and liked to sail and that sort of thing. But we've never really did any diving or anything. Little bit of water skiing. Snorkeling? <SEP> But not much of anything else. <SEP> My husband and I both like water. So any vacation that we go on is usually close to the ocean or something like that. It's got to be the water. <SEP> When we were in Jersey we used to go down to the Jersey beach a lot and really enjoyed that a lot. They had a really nice beach areas there. <SEP> After we moved away from Germany we moved to New Hampshire. <SEP> And I lived there for seven years. I see. And I really enjoyed that because the mountains were real close. That's a really pretty area too. <SEP> We like the white mountains. And unfortunately I didn't really get to go skiing much while I was there. <SEP> I went skiing once. We loved the New Jersey area too because the lakes were really pretty close. You could drive within twenty minutes to an hour and just be at a real nice vacation spot where you could sail and just really. And then we weren't too for from the Appalachian Trail. We did quite a bit of hiking. Which is kind of fun. Are you a hiker or not? <SEP> Not so much? Not really so much. If there was some place that we went to where there was hiking involved I would be happy to go hiking. <SEP> But we never have really planned a vacation around places to go hiking. So your plans are try to find someplace to scuba dive. Our next vacation will be scuba diving. I'm sure. You have any children? <SEP> Not yet. Then that's probably one of the reasons our. We had little children all the time. So some of the things are not quite as adaptable. <SEP> It's a little more difficult planning a vacation when you have children. It is. You have to try to figure out kinds of things that you can do that they will enjoy too. And. <SEP> So I think wha-. And diving is something that. Especially for small children. I think the minimum age for diving would be probably about sixteen. <SEP> Eleven or twelve I would think probably. But maybe fifteen even. I know that one thing that happens to vacation trips now is that usually that try to involve some of the members of the family. We go wherever somebody is that we haven't seen for a while. <SEP> So that's kind of. We just came back from Grand Rapids where we saw one of our sons graduate with his Master's Degree in social work. And so that was fun. And the summer we have a reunion in Salt Lake area up by Park Cities. Where we're going to camp for a week with as many members of a rather large reunion group as we can get together. <SEP> So. That sounds like a lot of fun. Ye-. <SEP> Our family had a reunion last year that was kind of like that too. That there were several hundred people. And they all kind of met at a central place. I didn't go. <SEP> But. It would have been a nice vacation. We've moved around enough so that we now have people in different parts of the country. I guess my favorite vacation idea would be to somehow figure out something kind of mobile where you could stop and sleep maybe like a small camper. We've travelled in a big one. I hate them because they're hard to jockey around. But maybe a pickup with the back on. <SEP> Or something like the Volkswagen Vanagon. I've heard is really nice. So you could kind of sleep in it sometimes. But you wouldn't want to do it all the time. <SEP> We have enough friends here and there. I would just love to just drive through the United States and stop and see people I know and visit for a day and then go on and. <SEP> My dad has been talking for years about getting a fifth wheel and just picking up. He's retired. <SEP> He's in his sixties. And he would like to just get a fifth wheel and just travel across the country and spend a month here or a couple of weeks there and just not be settled anywhere. <SEP> I think that would real. Just see the rest of the country. And I would like to maybe not take great long trips but have your home base where your home is and then just travel out for maybe a month maybe go. <SEP> He does that quite a bit. And. <SEP> He hasn't lately though because he's been ill. But he's been known to be gone for a month or two at a time. And he'll say this is my itinerary. I'm going here here and here. And I'll be back in about two months. There are a lot of neat places to visit in America. That's for sure. I haven't been much to the south. I haven't been in Georgia or Florida or Mississippi or Alabama. I guess those are the only states I have not visited. But up the coast in Maryland and around there where the early history is there's some. Johnstown and in that area is just really neat. Interesting things to. So. <SEP> Have you been to a lot of the different historical sites? We took a trip around to the Civil War battle grounds and things back in nineteen sixty when it was the centennial or something. <SEP> I believe it was. Had about three kids then I think. But that was a really fun interesting trip. We read Bruce book before we went. And so we were ready to look up the places we read about. I think right now while my husband and I don't have any kids we'll probably take as many vacations as we can doing things like scuba diving and adventurous types of things. It was really interesting. <SEP> <SEP> And then eventually when we have kids. His folks did a lot of traveling across country. They went to the Grand Canyon and did things like that. Camping is fun with kids. If you're. <SEP> Once they get a little bigger not teeny tiny ones. But even some little ones do pretty good. But when they get a little bigger they can help. That's a fun way to cut costs. And it's enjoyable too. Very restful. I find. <SEP> I do enjoy camping. I find the outdoors very relaxing and kind of a change. As long as I have a shower nearby I'm fine. And electricity. <SEP> I'm with you. I need my creature comforts too. It was great to talk to you. <SEP> It was nice talking to you too Beth. See you later.
sw3284.txt:And that's an idea that's been kicked around for a long time. I don't know that it's ever been seriously considered as far as close to passing any legislation or anything like that. But I believe Israel does that for their. I think so. Wel- everybody has to do something. <SEP> I don't kn-. Or maybe theirs is in fact one year of military service for everyone. But. I believe that's right. <SEP> And I don't know that that's really what we're talking about. I don't think it's n-. I think of that. It couldn't be. Military service is not that much. But the military used to do it. But the idea that there are things that do need to be done that could be done. And then country would benefit from one year from everybody and even out the requirement. For kids in high school it could be in the summertime. <SEP> That's a thought. It could even be done while they're doing another job while they're doing a job to make money. <SEP> But it's such a grassroots idea that it. I think the family would have to be involved in it. <SEP> And people would have to be convinced that. I think the basic message is that giving is better than receiving. And that's not the kind of society we have right now. I'm afraid you're right there. But anything like this that came up whether it. It quickly would be significant industry in figuring out how to get around it where people. <SEP> There's lots and lots of volunteer programs. But at least it's my opinion that most of those involve adults. Adults who have the time to give and the desire to give. <SEP>. <SEP> It's not. Maybe it cou-. Younger people feel like it's not open to them. I don't know. But it should be if it's not. I suspect that that's not the thing. That they don't feel it's open to them. It's just that they are more self-centered and not considering a voluntary. <SEP> It is kind of an introspective time of life. But some high schools have actually started a visitation program to less advantaged areas. <SEP> And they promote service on the part of the kids to some of those people. So at least that's a step in the right direction I guess. And I don't know it di-. I think you're right that that's not the way that the society these days is going. And I think we need to try to figure out some way to turn that around that everybody. <SEP> It's really unfortunate because when you do. I do volunteer work for the American Lung Association. And I have gone to work for American Heart and for the Leukemia Society. And there's no question that doing that kind of service you get a lot more out of it than the people involved. <SEP> It's really a gift to yourself. And I think that's a really important lesson to learn. And maybe that's why we have so many people in society who are not really happy. That could be. <SEP> Because if you concentrate all of your energies and efforts on yourself you're just kind of down the tube. It really is better to give then to receive. I agree with that. And I don't know what has set it off or what. But it certainly seems to me that in the last twenty-three years things have definitely gone towards very much the concentration on self and loss of perspective in terms.
sw3259.txt:I'll just go with you first. What kind of eating out do you enjoy? <SEP> I like dining out. Of course it means that I don't have to cook. But I'm a divorced woman. I have one child. <SEP> And when we dine out we go to medium priced restaurants. I don't particularly. I think it's sort of a waste of money to go to a real high priced restaurant. Do you go home cooking like Black-Eyed Pea and that kind of thing or cafeteria? <SEP> Not really. We go more for the Chinese and Italian and stuff like that. Mexican stuff that I can't cook. Me too. <SEP> Mexican. <SEP> We do too. We do the same. What are your favorite places? <SEP> I like Chinese food. There's a little place down on. Coit Road Chinese Pavilion or something. That is really good. <SEP> And I like it. And I do like Chinese buffets. We've gone to August Moon. And we think that was real good. But our favorite when you have a little more to spend is to go to Taiwan or May Dragon. <SEP> And those are excellent. They're really a nice place you could take someone to eat. It's not the rinky Chinese decorations. <SEP> But it's a very elegant nice place to eat. Very often we go out for fajitas. That's. My husband has just gotten stuck. <SEP> And we go to On the Border. And lots of places that have. And some of those and get fajitas. And he'll just eat chips until we've got three or four baskets coming back. <SEP> And then last weekend we went out for Italian also. And for some reason the cooler weather makes me tend to want to go eat lasagna and garlic bread. So we went to El Sorrento. <SEP> Ha-. Have you ever tried Pappasito's? It was fun. You know what? That's real funny you said that because we were coming back Sunday on Central from church. And Bob pointed to it. And he said `` I keep hearing good things about that place. We're going to have to go. ''. <SEP> It is delicious. That's what he. Tha-. In fact you're about the third or fourth person in the last month that said that. So I guess we'll have to do it. <SEP> It's. You always stand in line when you go. That's what. But it's worth the wait. D MAGAZINE said that. It said there was always a line. <SEP> But that's a good sign. And have you ever tried the Macaroni Grill up on. We did. My kids didn't like it because they just wanted to get plain old spaghetti or lasagna. <SEP> And most of those things were a little more northern Italy. And they like just the traditional. They're not very. <SEP> They're the Spaghetti Warehouse type. They are. <SEP> The place of the seventies. But my little girl likes Spaghetti Warehouse real well. <SEP> Most kids do. It's real entertaining for her. W-. Do you ever go for steak? Just a steak and potato and salad bar that kind of thing. <SEP> Not really. A steak is something that I cook at home. That you grill out. <SEP> And I really don't particularly. I'm real curious to try this one that has such commercials. That Del Lincoln. And what is that guy's name? They do those real corny commercials. There's one over there in Addison. I can't remember his name. Anyhow it's some. <SEP> Steak. It's some famous steak place over in Addison. There's a second one downtown. And they have these really corny radio commercials. But their steak is supposed to be wonderful. So I had not tried that. My husband was saying that up north they have such nice restaurants where you can go after a theater or after the movie. <SEP> And it seems like I've been. We found those one time. And then they discontinued. It was over in Addison. And then they closed up. <SEP> So most of these places are pretty much just theme restaurants around here. I think that's what really goes right now in the Dallas area. <SEP> Of course next to downtown up around McKinney and everything there's a different class of restaurants up there that I can't even touch. <SEP> That's exactly true. That's right. <SEP> That's right. That's right. It would probably take my whole paycheck just to go in and have one meal up there. That's e-. That's right. <SEP> But. I had a friend who was taken to Lawry's downtown for prime rib. <SEP> And I haven't been. We usually don't go for beef really anymore. Where. We've gotten so used to doing chicken and things at home that that's usually the way we'll go if we're not going lasagna. <SEP>. When I go out it's normally to get some specialty type of food. <SEP> Besides chicken and steaks and everything I grill at home. I know. I understand. <SEP> And really they're a lot better than what I get in the restaurant. That's right. And save you some money too. That's right. <SEP> Saves you a little bit money. What's your child's favorite place to eat? Favorite place. She has a lot. Taco Bell. <SEP> They're easy. That's right. <SEP> That's right. Mine enjoy that too. They like to go pretty much where we like to go. And they'll. And then our favorite thing on Fridays we generally order pizza in. So not Pizza Inn but pizza to our house. <SEP>. So we've done. Is there anything else you'd like to discuss about it? <SEP> Not that I know of. I think it's come to an eye conclusion. So I'll talk with you later. Thank you. Thank you. <SEP>
sw3811.txt:So you have a child two years old in child care right now. We. <SEP> Two year old daughter in child care. And we went through the process of searching for child care and finding what we consider to be real good child care at a pretty reasonable price. <SEP> How about you. Do you have any children? Our first. And he just turned three months. <SEP> So we're just starting into hunting for child care. Right now both of us are students. <SEP> Are you? Where are a student? University of Southern Mississippi. <SEP> No kidding. She's. I was a professor in a university here in California for a while. <SEP> Are you going to put your son in child care in a year or two? Probably. Actually spring semester a year from now he's going to have to be in child care five days a week more than likely. Depending on how my class schedule runs. Because my wife will be doing her internship that semester. <SEP> It will be forty hour week eight to five type of thing. So depending on what my class schedule looks like he may spend anywhere from four to eight hours a day in child care at that point. Right now we're trying to avoid it. But we just as a matter of fact just yesterday hired a girl to watch him. I get out of class at certain time. And my wife is already supposed to be on her way to her class. Once a day this overlap happens where we can't one of us be home. <SEP>. So for about twenty thirty minutes a day we got a baby-sitter comes in. <SEP> That's a good experience I think. And there are a lot of things to think about. And the articles that are written on the topic are pretty good. And they kind of boil down to. Any other important decision you really have to explore the alternative. <SEP> And what we found to be the best guide was our own instincts about people who were going to be loving. <SEP> And that's more important than anything else. We could have sent her to a fancier facility. She goes to a home. This is a couple emigrated from China early in their lives. <SEP> They've been here probably thirty forty years. <SEP> They've got three daughters. And they have a loving home. And they're both there. And they have a kid that comes in and helps them in the afternoon. <SEP> And our daughter is healthy happy well adjusted and enjoys going to see her friends. So it's a good experience. That makes a big difference. <SEP> If it's good. I think it's very good for the child. And if it's a loving environment I think it's very good. <SEP> And and that's really what we've learned about it. She'll have to go on to something more stimulating in terms of preschool in a year. But we feel real fortunate. And we were able to just choose in the marketplace. I don't know what it's like around Hattiesburg. There's a lot of child care available but invariably there's waiting lists. <SEP>. And we were a little slow getting on the waiting list with their Home Ec Department. <SEP> I'll bet they're involved. <SEP> They have a subbranch American Family Counseling. And their people staff the child care center just off campus. But they have a pretty good size waiting list. So. <SEP> That's. I know it's a real hard thing to do even for people in university communities. Out here at Manford they have a real good facility. And there is quite a waiting list to get into that. <SEP> So it's an important decision. It's an industry that's still a cottage industry. <SEP> And I think this really is buyer beware. It's best a cottage industry's the best way to do it really. <SEP> It is the best way to do it interestingly. Because if you over. I think that my own interest in human development leads me to believe that that's a good sign and that private enterprise is the way to go and that it will lead to a fundamental change in the way we learn. <SEP>. <SEP> Because I think what we're going to go to is much more commercial entrepreneurial learning ventures in the market. As a matter of fact my future is banked on that professionally because I believe that there are pressing needs in the marketplace unmet by schools colleges universities for learning a lot of things that kids can learn watching Sesame Street and in child care. <SEP> Primary skills which turn out to be the most important skills in life. And it's amazing how much good things like Sesame Street will do. <SEP> It's phenomenal. It's phenomenal the human operating system.
sw3111.txt:Hal what's crime like in Dallas? It depends where in Dallas you are. <SEP> There are certainly parts of town I would not want to live in. Because it's the situation. It is very location dependent. <SEP> And there are parts of town here where when they talk about the nightly gunfire. In Baltimore we have similar. I live on the outskirts of Baltimore. And we live right outside the city. And our neighborhood is pretty much working class people though I'm in graduate school. I live here because it's close to the university. But we have. It's really funny. The only crime we really see is just the kids being malicious. <SEP> And I think most of that is because their parents aren't around. That make sense? <SEP> What they call the latchkey children. Something like that. No one's. Or fathers are just missing. So there's no consistency there in the home or whatever. There's no one to tell them what's right and what's wrong. Sort of on my end is more of the upper middle class. So I think our. <SEP> Not that we don't have a certain amount of local problems. But on the other hand we get the affect of the city. And the main crimes within the suburb here are the theft crimes. A small number of assaults. <SEP> If we have one murder a year that's probably as many. But then you go into Dallas and they are unfortunately having murders at a rate greater than one a day. <SEP> I think we're about the same in Baltimore. Though Washington is close by. And they experience a lot more. <SEP> I think they definitely have more problems in the area. What do you think can prevent crime? The thing is I don't. It's one of those things where if you're a grad student you can appreciate the statistics on. <SEP> Unfortunately there are often these correlations that are inverse of what they should be like wherever there are more criminals there are more policemen. But that's which came first. <SEP> But on the other side of it is. Basically the problem is in the society and the society's views. And since now I'm in my mid-forties when I was in grad school or when I was an undergraduate growing up in a more rural area I thought crime was reasonably unknown and just the situation that's developed with the drug aspect of the pushers the dealers and the addicts. <SEP> I think. <SEP> I think I agree with you there. <SEP> Because it just was not something back in the sixties that I even had to worry about. But I think that there is a lot in the society where things have changed. So it's effected all of us. I think the drug culture definitely is one of the main problems. Our mayor in Baltimore is one of the people that goes on national television and says they should legalize drugs. Because it would eliminate the violence and the market the hidden market of the drugs and everything that goes along with it. <SEP>. That make sense? He's one of the big proponents of that. He gets on national television and says that. So it's. And he was a District Attorney before and a prosecutor before becoming mayor. So that's a really stran-. It's a different viewpoint. I. <SEP> In a sense I have real mixed feelings on that. Because it comes a bit from the angle that the. It would certainly be an interesting test. <SEP> But the other side of it to me. What happens if we lose worse. The other side is that unfortunately some of the down side. And I think if I look back fifty or a hundred years I'd say back then there were the opium dens. <SEP> But the thing is if somebody ruined their life society didn't try to then save themselves from it. They let this person who had ruined it die or whatever. They probably became weakened physically and other things to the point that their life expectancy was real short. <SEP> But now we tend to believe somewhere in the health care system otherwise. We need to take care of people even if they have physically ruined themselves. They have induced it themselves. That's true. <SEP> And so to me that's. I would certainly like to see a real test of making drugs real cheap to see if when you make them available people then don't use them. I think they did that in Alaska. That actually Alaska just recently legalized marijuana. <SEP> But I never heard results or anything like that. So I never. Plus it really couldn't be a good test because Alaska's so different than every other part of the country. <SEP> But that was interesting. I don't. Crime is one of those things that's. I don't know. The drug culture. The. I see it with the kids in the neighborhood just stealing things not thinking anything wrong with it. Some of that. And of course I'm a baby of the old school. <SEP> But it bothers me from the fifties on. Not that I'd remember that much from the fifties. But basically we have so much more of the something for nothing mentality. That's true. That's true. We worked hard for everything. That's very true. <SEP> And so they. In the. There were the sixty-four thousand dollar question shows in the fifties. But nowadays there's so much on TV where people seem to have the idea they can get something for nothing. Of course I work for lawyers a lot. <SEP> And I see unfortunately we have this whole mentality that somehow there are these pots of money out there that you can sue somebody and there's a million dollars you can have for mental duress or whatever. <SEP> But the other thing that bothers me in the crime is the. In Europe they seem to have mentality. And drunk driving is a good one. Is that people are well indoctrinated in their society that drunken driving is unacceptable. And. If you're going to drink you better have your designated driver. <SEP> In this country and for example with alcohol or with drugs we don't seem to understand how to handle it as a society to say it is okay under these circumstances but if you step outside these bounds the punishment is extreme. And we mean it. I think that the drunk driving has actually just caught on. And I really. <SEP> My father was hit by a drunk driver when I was in high school. And that was an awful three years afterwards. Of recovery and the difficulties and everything we did. <SEP> And the guy went free because this was twelve years ago thirteen years ago. There was no. His father was even the police chief of the town. <SEP> So there was no repercussion at all. Other than insurance. But he was uninsured. So our insurance paid for everything. But it was a very difficult time. And then later my brother and I were picked up by the police for questioning because this fellow had bought a new car. And somebody had taken a baseball bat to it and broke all his windows and his lights and dented it everywhere. <SEP> And they came and questioned us. And. <SEP> But that kind of shows how our attitude toward drinking and driving was misplaced for years. <SEP> It was an acceptable social behavior. Very much so. Those are some important points. I. Those are. <SEP> What does your city have for gun control if anything? Maryland is one of the most. We just voted in strong gun control here in the state of Maryland. I think.
sw3229.txt:While I was waiting for you to connect I thought of a couple of menus. So I decided it had to be in it informal or not. If it's informal I'd probably choose something just like hamburgers or steaks out on the grill because that's a lot of fun especially this time of year where it's so nice out. <SEP>. If it was formal I'd probably go with something like a chicken breast or lasagna or something. I'm not into formal dinner parties. But I'd probably go with lasagna a green salad and garlic bread. <SEP> I see. So what do you use for cookbooks? I have a PILLSBURY cookbook I got when I was married. But it's kind of the bible of cooking for me. <SEP> Then I have some from church that are more family recipes that are more useful. Budget cookbooks. And of course you get a lot from when you're growing up. <SEP>. I cook a lot the same as my mom did. Of course I've added several different recipes. <SEP> But what would you. I think we come from different backgrounds. So the. That's good. <SEP> I. So it diff-. Have different perspectives that you are. I find the JOY OF COOKING to be a remarkably useful book to fall back on. Because it has almost everything in it. But on the other hand it's not very inspiring. It's a good reference when you need to dig something up. <SEP> What we've found very useful is a book called THE THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK. By Marion Burroughs. Which has recipes which allegedly can all be prepared in thirty minutes the whole meal. <SEP> And so she's. That would be wonderful in these times. I find that the cutting up of the food and all that really makes it take a little longer than thirty minutes. Either they're really fast or. <SEP> They're interesting combinations that nobody thought of. <SEP> What's one of your favorites? The one I had most recently was one that. She describes as Jim Beard's favorite summer menu or something. And it consisted of grilled kielbasa sausage a potato salad with olive oil and some tomatoes that had been chopped up with onions and curry powder and probably some yogurt was in there. <SEP> Sounds too good. That's certain you can do in thirty minutes. <SEP> But there are a whole lot of. I would recommend you look at that book if you're a busy person. That THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK. THIRTY MINUTE COOKBOOK. That sounds fun. I find a lot of the cookbooks that you buy over the counter ask for really strange ingredients or things I don't keep on hand all the time. <SEP> And I have young children. And our budget's set at this time. But I want to use simple recipes that I have things on hand. I don't have to run to the store to buy or look for something I haven't heard of. <SEP> That's why sometimes I shy away from more of a traditional cookbook. But it was interesting talking to you. It's a fun subject. Food is one of my favorite things too. <SEP> Anything else you wanted to add? You had said dinner. What would I put together for a formal dinner. We had some friends over as recently as Saturday night. <SEP> And put here. The inspiration was a combination of Julia Child for the dessert a chocolate mousse recipe and a sort of cookbook which has a recipe for a thing called chicken marabella which is this wonderful thing you can do. That's good. <SEP> Basically you're baking chicken in an open pan having marinated it first. And my wife did this part so I don't remember all the details. Marinated in olive oil and some seasoning and cooked with some olives and some prunes. There's a little bit of brown sugar in there. And it bakes up. And it's a delicious thing. And it's easy. That sounds good. <SEP> Comparatively. So. I'm sorry. That sounds really good. I just love. It sounds like you guys are a little more gourmet than I am. I'm pretty simple right now. But. <SEP> Maybe a little more leisure time to do it. I don't know. That's true. I have little ones. And they won't eat too many different foods right now. <SEP> I found my kids were very frustrating when they were little in terms of their tastes. <SEP> There again sometimes it was easy. They'd. Canned ravioli was one of their favorites and so it was easy to open a can of ravioli. <SEP> Spaghetti's a pretty staple every other week or so. <SEP> And it goes a long ways too. Nice talking to you Cheryl. <SEP> Talk to you later maybe.
sw3467.txt:I said Arlington Texas because the other day I was talking with somebody. And he was in Arlington Virginia. That's the only one I've got now for this area. <SEP> Anyway we've got a easy subject. We do. You go ahead first if you'd like. <SEP> Let me think here. Favorite. I haven't been watching much T V lately. You get so busy. <SEP> I used to. I have one favorite soap opera. I still watch. And I tape because I'm not home. <SEP> And let's see. That's GENERAL HOSPITAL. And then at night when I sit down I don't usually sit down till almost nine o'clock when my kids get in bed. I know. And then I watch. What do I watch at nine o'clock. Let's see. Tuesday nights I guess we try to catch a couple of the shows that the kids like. <SEP> And. Are they little? I have a seven year old and a ten year old. They're pretty young. <SEP> So we usually catch FULL HOUSE. And what's the one comes on after that. It's a new one. I don't know. My kids are older. So I don't know some of those shows now like I used to. <SEP> Other than that. I watch KNOTS LANDING on Thursday nights for pure entertainment nothing else. <SEP> I like the comedies. They're just light too. I have to watch MURPHY BROWN. I really like. Now that is a good one. I make a point of that. <SEP> That is. If I'm home on Mondays then I definitely watch her. I love that. And I really like COACH. I think when it's good it's just a scream. <SEP> He's a good actor. He really is good. He's probably playing himself. Half the time you see these people on an interview show they act just like they do in their parts. He. I saw him on JOHNNY CARSON once. And he acted about the same. <SEP> He could very well be. And. Do you watch much T V. Or. I watch more now because I had been going to school for years and have really been too busy. <SEP> But this semester I'm only taking one course. And so I see MURPHY BROWN and COACH and THE WONDER YEARS. I just make a point of seeing those. I never see that. I've got a friend that says that is just wonderful show. It's fabulous. Really you should never miss that. They are just gems of shows. They really fabulous in every way. <SEP> Nice. What night is that on now? That's Wednesday at seven thirty. <SEP> Wednesday at seven thirty. Wednesdays I go to church choir. So. That's my one night out and about. So. Maybe your husband could tape it for you sometime. <SEP> I should get him to do that. Because I know. Just so you get the idea. It Wouldn't take much to get hooked on those. <SEP> I watch those. Are there any new ones this year that came out that you like. Or. I haven't. We started watching NORTHERN EXPOSURE. It's not really new. But it's still kind of new. <SEP> How's that? I haven't seen that. I like it a lot. It's real different. In fact they never thought it would be a hit. They'll have some things in there almost supernatural or something. Somebody will see a figure from the past that nobody else does. Or it sounds weird. But it's very unique show and very well done. <SEP> Excellent actors. I'll have to watch for that. I guess we just. It came on after something we used to watch. <SEP> And I guess we just kept sitting there. And now we make a point of watching. I can't take all these shows on because next semester I'm not going to be able to watch hardly any television. Then it will be mostly reruns I guess. <SEP> And by the end of February the way they do it nowadays. We used to watch a lot of DESIGNING WOMEN. But. <SEP> But I haven't seen that much lately. Since they got rid of Delta Burke and brought on the new ones. I've seen that. <SEP> Was she the best one? Was she the best one on that old show? <SEP> She was just funny. She was really funny. And her character was good. I don't know that it was her in particular but just the character. <SEP> So. They had a big fight on that show didn't they? They were all accusing each other of everything in the world. <SEP> That was awful. And who knows still what really happened. I know. You never will probably. So. I think the latest soap opera for people is the Kennedy trial for those who have cable. <SEP> I know. I don't have cable. I told. We don't have that station either. So I haven't been able to catch any of that. But just what little we caught on the news. It's just as wild as any soap opera from what I hear on the news. <SEP> I know it. And I think he's guilty as the devil. I don't see how he couldn't be. I know. What's in it for her. There's never anything for you to go to trial as a witness in a case like that. Because you know they tear you to shreds especially those rich high powered lawyers. <SEP> That's right. And they said this lawyer is unbelievable. <SEP> But they said she held up so well yesterday. I know. Everybody was saying that. And then in the paper said it. So It should be interesting. <SEP>. The NATIONAL ENQUIRER says. <SEP> I was reading that in the supermarket line. I never have the nerve to buy the thing. Do you watch any sports or anything like that. Says he. <SEP> Or. I don't care anything about that. Because I don't either. I can't watch it on T V. So. I like the ice skating. Occasionally some ice skating will come on on a Sunday or during the Olympics. <SEP> I always watch that. I think it's so beautiful. I like to catch the gymnastics sometimes too. That's good.
sw3279.txt:. I've got a. I have a real good method of starting to get the budget balancing. And then that's get rid of the half of the government payroll. I think that would probably be very possible. <SEP> And we really wouldn't feel it in our services. Not all. I don't know if you've ever been to Washington D C. I have. You've seen that which was on there and the offices. And in light of these hearings we've all been sitting through the last two weeks we have very definitely decided that every department there is just overstaffed. <SEP> They really don't have enough to keep them busy to keep their noses in their own business of what they're doing. And the other thing is besides that I think two things that very definitely need looking at one is foreign aid. I have a real problem with all the foreign aid that is going to the countries that really have no use for us. <SEP> I find that a total waste and part of the defense budget. Again being just a voter and a taxpayer working through our congressman I don't think there's too much that I'm going to be able to do about it. But I believe in taking an active part in politics. So. I. One thing that really bothers me beyond cutting what they spend is that just really aggravates me when the big businesses do not end up paying taxes. And the regular normal taxpayers are paying such a large proportion of our personal income. <SEP> And then the corporate industries just don't seem to not pay proportionally. I think that that would help a lot. I guess in a way it would trickle down to us in the prices of things. But I don't know. It's just hard to take and see so much of our paycheck go out and then realize that they have all the loopholes that they can use. <SEP> And seems like some rather large chunks of money could come from that direction. But. They don't seem to. I really think the biggest problem. And then the Taft-Rudman Act is supposed to help that. The biggest part is they have no accountability for what they're doing. This nonsense that's coming through now about lowering payments on Social Security and a few other things that Bush has in mind in order to boost the economy because people have more money it's ridiculous. <SEP> If they don't have that money now bringing in less is not going to help the problem as far as the government. Not going to help. <SEP> It's never helped my personal situation. I can't say it would help with theirs either. And thank God we don't operate our budget the way they operate theirs or we'd all be in dire trouble. <SEP> But that's. I don't know what we're going to be able to do about it. But I guess it's sitting around so long that it's sort of like our mortgages. I don't ever expect to pay mine off before I die. So why should the government. <SEP> Isn't. That's the way they're thinking these days anyway. It seems to be. I. It really does bother me when I think about leaving our children with this sort of a national problem that we can't seem to find an answer to it. I don't know. I don't think it ever will really. I. Maybe if they ever get to the point the biggest outlaid expense has always been either wars or defense. <SEP>. If they were to take half of what they spend on that and put it on some economic intergovernmental or inter United States like programs that one really might. I believe in paying my share. And I don't mind paying for some of these fringe benefits that people are entitled to. But I just sometimes feel like I'm being used. But again I don't think we'll be able to do anything about it. So. <SEP> That's quite possible. I guess we have to keep plugging away a little bit. Or it will just totally get even more out of control. But I don't know. Bite the bullet. It sounds like you have a baby there. I do. <SEP> She's a. We're not feeling too well over here. So that. That's a shame. She's not the one going to Washington? <SEP> She's. I don't think I could part with her. Geri. We've probably been on long enough. <SEP> They didn't cut us off. But I think that will probably do it. So it was nice talking to you. <SEP>.
sw2330.txt:There we go. I think the weather lately has been a bit warmer than I would expect this time of year. I think that's true. The Bermuda grass is greening up in March. And sometimes doesn't really start doing that until the first part of April. So I think we're a little ahead of schedule on that. <SEP> I was out in my yard yesterday afternoon. And I noticed all that grass coming up. And I thought ooh. We've got to start this mowing bit soon. That's true. It's been a fun break. But the break is over. <SEP> I guess another thing I've noticed too here lately is that even though we've had some pretty warm days it's been awfully gray just. The last couple of weekends have been nice and sunny. But it seems like every time at work I look out my window it's gray. But I'd rather have a sunny weekend than a gray weekend. <SEP> I go for that. In fact I'm a little worried about this one coming up here. We have a long weekend. And it sounds like it's going to be a little bit on the cool side. I haven't heard whether it's going to rain or not. <SEP> I think there's an eighty percent chance this evening. But it's supposed to be cleared out at least by noon tomorrow. And then the rest will be without rain. That's good. But I think the highs are going to be in the sixties and the lows in the forties. That's getting back to a little bit chillier. That probably is a little bit under what it is for this time of year. I think. I haven't seen the weather on the news in the evening lately. But I think the average high should be about seventy. <SEP> I'm not certain either. But you're probably right. I like it when it's sort of a medium temperature maybe seventy-five to eighty somewhere in there. I don't like it when it's too cool or too warm. I'm much more apt to get things done when it's at that sort of in between temperature. That's true. One of the remarkable things about the weather in the summertime here is that quite often the average daytime high of ninety-nine degrees is within five or six degrees of the all time record high. <SEP> And what that tells me is that the summer weather is very predictable that it doesn't vary very much. You're probably right. Any other time of year that's not the case because it could be very warm or very cold. <SEP> As a matter of fact I heard the weather the other day on T V. And I think it was one day this week a year ago. They said that we had a freeze and some kind of bad weather. <SEP> It wasn't just a super bad storm. But it was that sort of thing that we never like to see in the late spring time. One of the weirdest things I saw was a twenty-six degree lightening storm. <SEP> I was going into the grocery store. And a lightening bolt was almost directly overhead. And it was twenty- six degrees out. And I thought I've never known it to lightening at that temperature. <SEP> That is pretty unusual. And you really take notice of it too. That's right. It probably was a lot warmer up high. Sometimes they get those inversions like when we had that twelve and a half days a few years ago that it never got up as high as freezing. The air temperature at five thousand feet was fifty degrees. The cold weather was just simply trapped along the ground and couldn't get away. <SEP> I don't like that super cold stuff. I just don't move very well when it's that cold. I'm really enjoying this now. This has been interesting. <SEP> Not too challenging to the brain. Not a real in depth topic but enjoyed talking to you. <SEP> Ellen. You have a good day. <SEP>
sw2667.txt:The question was about physical fitness and staying in shape and exercise. <SEP> I don't do it as much as I should. I try to walk. And last year I did it every day. But in ninety-one I've kind of gone down hill. <SEP> And so I'm not doing it as much as I need to. But I can tell you when I do do it on a regular basis I feel so much better and so much healthier. I agree. But it's just to get motivated to do it. And once I get started I do it every night. <SEP> It's just to get motivated again. And what happened about couple of weeks ago I started again. And I was walking. And it got kind of dark. And I was by myself. And there was this fellow in this truck that kept circling the block. <SEP> So I kind of got frightened. And I kind of use that as an excuse. All I have to do is start earlier. But. <SEP> I haven't walked since. So. It's always easy to find an excuse not to exercise. I know what you mean. It sure is. It sure is. How about you? Do you exercise on a regular basis? I try to. I started at the beginning of this year. I decided I'm going to start exercising again. I'm going to be real good. And I went through the T I fitness center and registered for the aerobics classes there. <SEP> And they run for two months at a time. And you do have to pay to take them. And I signed up for one that was three nights a week an hour and a half. So that was four and a half hours a week. And it cost sixty dollars. And I thought that's not cheap. That'll encourage me to always go since I spent that much money. <SEP> And I had a friend of mine going. So I was real good. I only missed it about three times. And then March came around. And I signed up again. And I got caught up with a class I was taking at T I. And then I was having to work some real late hours to get caught with my work after I got out of class. And then I went to Colorado Springs the next week to do some training at the T I up there. And so that was two weeks I had missed. And I tell you what I've been terrible ever since then. <SEP> It's once you get out of that habit you don't get back into it. Because I teach school. And last year a bunch of teachers had an aerobics class. We went in together and hired a private instructor. And she came to our school twice a week. <SEP> And I was. I would go faithfully. And then I missed once. Then I went back again a couple times and missed another time and then kept missing and never went back again. <SEP> I think. You just have to stick with it. I think I've been two maybe three times the month of April. And this session is about to run out. Now I signed up for a different one now that's only two nights a week because I am getting kind of into a real busy schedule as far as teaching a lot of training classes. And some of them require me to go out of town. And that just kind of throws my whole schedule off on doing that. And I've. <SEP> Lately there's been nights that I could have gone. And I've found excuses things like I had the flu last week. But I'm fine this week. I could have gone Monday. <SEP> I could have gone tonight. And I didn't. So I'm kind of finding excuses. And now it's kind of. This is the last week. I'll just start fresh next week. But I better do it. And I think another thing is that my friend that was taking with me the first two months wasn't the second two months. She started taking tennis lessons. And so I haven't had that extra motivation of us encouraging each other to go. <SEP> So. That makes a difference when you have somebody to go with and to do the same thing. <SEP> It's misery loves company. I don't really love exercise. Some I. The neighbor across the street she belongs to President's. And it's not President's any more. I don't know what the name of it is anymore. But she loves it. It's an automatic high for her. <SEP> She just enjoys it so much. And I don't. I'm the same way. I feel good after I do it. But I hate it when I'm doing it. <SEP> I just. I don't enjoy it at all. And she just loves it. So. Even when she doesn't go to the health club she runs. And it's a daily thing for her. So it. And it's so hard for me. I envy her. I wish I could be that way. But. I don't. I do too. <SEP> And I have an older sister that loves running too. And she runs all the time. But to me it's every minute's agony. And I. In fact I don't run. I hate to run. When I walk I'll take along a radio or something. And that helps pass the time. Walking is kind of boring. I do have a few friends that live in my apartment complex in this neighborhood. And we used to try to get together. And I think now that the weather's getting nicer we're going to start doing it again and occasionally go walking. There's a real nice residential area right behind our apartment complex. <SEP> And it's not as boring if you get several people. That's right. And you can kind of talk. And it makes it pass pretty quickly. And the aerobics isn't too boring. I kind of enjoy it when I'm doing it. It's a lot more fun than some other things I could do I guess. <SEP> But I do have to make myself go. And of course while I'm doing it I feel pretty good. And after I get finished I feel great. It's great afterwards. I can go in there. I can be. A Friday afternoon when I'm tired it's the end of the week and I just want to go home. And I'll make myself go. And I'll have headache and everything. And I get out. I don't have a headache any more. I feel great. And I'm just. It's amazing how much better I feel. <SEP> And then just in general I sleep a lot better. That's right. And I just feel much better. I've been kind of dragging the last few weeks. And I know if I would just get around to exercising I'd feel better. <SEP> It does. It gives you energy. But my dragginess is my excuse for not exercising. <SEP> I'm too tired. Or I have a headache. Or. I just got over the flu. And I'm still kind of draggy. So I better not go. <SEP> It's kind of a vicious circle isn't it? It really is. I find too that I have more energy when I exercise. And it's silly not to. But I don't know. It's just a put off. I don't know why I don't do more. And I know that it's good for my health. I know from everything that you read and you see on television now exercise is so important to good health. <SEP> So you're not only doing something to keep yourself fit but you're probably prolonging your life. So. There's no reason that we shouldn't do it. But I don't know. It's just hard to make yourself go. And I think one thing I don't like about aerobics is that after I'm finished it's kind of late at night. And I've been sweaty. And it. I don't really feel like going in the grocery store all sweaty or running errands. <SEP> So it kind of kills the evening for doing errands. So I think a Tuesday Thursday might be a little bit better. Of course I feel like once I've done it if I'm sweaty I might as well do an extra thirty minutes because you've already kind of shot your night. <SEP> But so I'm kind of glad they have a longer class on Thursday now that I can just kill two nights and get a reasonable amount of workout in. <SEP> Does it cost the same for just two nights or. It's less expensive. That's good too. This one was only forty-five dollars. But I'm glad it's not too totally cheap because if it was too cheap I would talk myself out of going more probably. <SEP> Since it's more expensive I think you spent that much money you'd better go. That's right. That's right. So hopefully. <SEP> Do you have a facility right at where you work? It's right there. And they have a really nice facility at the T I. They've got two different aerobics rooms. They have the mirrors. Of course sometimes you don't like to see the mirrors on the wall. You don't like to see how you work. But I guess sometimes it kind of motivates you to really get going. But. <SEP> And then they hire private instructors? That's great. And they have ceiling fans in the rooms. And it's a pretty nice setup. And of course it's real convenient because it is right there at work. I think if I had to come home and then go somewhere I'd never make it. <SEP> And just the fact that I can go straight from my desk over to the recreation center and do it helps a lot. I can see that would be easy. They make it as easy as they possibly can for you. <SEP> Do a lot of people take advantage of it? Quite a few do. They have probably fifteen to twenty different aerobics classes each session that are running. And they have them anywhere from six in the morning. They have some during lunch hour that are shorter. And I guess guys can take advantage of that. For me I wouldn't have time to do an hour of aerobics and then take a shower and get dressed again. But there's a lot more guys that do that one. <SEP> And they have them in the evenings. They even have some late night ones for people that work second shift and things like that. So they have big variety. They even have some water aerobics when the weather gets nice out in the pool. I've never done that one before. But. You have a pool there too? <SEP> How nice. They've got an olympic pool and basketball courts and sand volleyball. They've got the full weight room and the locker rooms with a jacuzzi and sauna and the shower facilities and hair dryers and everything you'd need just about. It is a real nice facility. It's also got a full inside basketball court. And I think they're working on building a jogging track and some other things. But it is very nice. <SEP> That's great. I just don't take as much advantage of it as I should. To use. I'm just now finally starting to do the aerobics thing. But. <SEP> Does it cost money to exercise in the weight room or to go swimming. Do you have to pay for that too. You can get a fitness membership that allows you to use the facilities. And it's about eight dollars a month. That's not bad. Not at all. <SEP> Pretty cheap. And then the aerobics cost extra even if you have the fitness membership. But I think the aerobics classes are even pretty reasonably priced from what I've heard. <SEP> I think so too. And people of all ages take advantage of the aerobics? People of all ages take advantage of the aerobics? In fact the T I-er's families can come in on these things.
sw3251.txt:I missed a part of it. We're to talk about what lawns and gardens? Lawn and garden work and what you enjoy and what kind of work you do. I'm a putterer. I chose that topic because I really like gardening as far as flowers and shrubs and just keeping a pretty yard. <SEP> I. It's very strange that I got this call because my wife just called me. I was just in the shower after finishing mowing the lawn and removing some old petunias out of the garden. This type of thing is working right in to start planting fall bulbs. <SEP>. We've had a late fall. It seems like the weather. In fact today it's really warm. And so many of the summer flowers are still pretty enough that you hate to pull them up. But you need to pretty soon. That's the way this was. The petunias were really great. Our mums are beautiful. <SEP> I don't think we've had a frost up here. I was down in for a week. So I don't know what happened last week. But I don't know if it's late. I'm sort of waiting for Indian Summer. So I can get a lot of stuff down out here. <SEP> I enjoy it. We moved in in November and put all the landscaping in this year. We came from nine years in a condo. And working in that condo you didn't have to do anything unless you really wanted to. So. <SEP> Now you have the chance to really create and spread out. I can't. This is my third house I've owned. But it's interesting. The only problem is that I do quite a bit of traveling. And it sort of gets away from me if you're not with it. <SEP> But I enjoy most of it. And about this time of year it starts getting a little old. And I start looking forward to having other things to do with my. The grass not growing so fast. <SEP> It is for me. Because I've been doing a lot of fertilizing. We had a terrible summer. We had a drought. And took a lot of watering and a lot of fertilizing. And now it's really growing. And I'm trying to establish a good root growth for the winter. <SEP> Ours seems to have slowed down here. We're not having to mow every week religiously. <SEP> But we're still fighting bugs and ready to change some of the summer flowers out. I still have caladiums that are pretty which is a surprise this late in the year. <SEP>. But today it's eighty-five degrees. <SEP> It's really strange. I hear that from my brother-in-law lives in Plano. But that'll change real quick. <SEP> He always. We'll wish we'd planted bulbs and pansies already. He waits until it gets about seventeen below up here. And then he calls us. <SEP> It's seventy degrees here in the sunshine. So. Texas has gotten to where it's a real problem as far as plants because our summers are so terribly hot. <SEP> And we have ice storms every year. And there just aren't that many plants and shrubs that can take both of those extremes. Some of the things that used to be hardy are getting to where they don't make it through the two swings. That is. I was conditioned to it. <SEP> They have to be hardened to it. That's strange with me. You think Dallas almost semitropical you wouldn't have that kind of problem. But. For the most part we don't. But we have usually just a pocket of really bad hot and really bad cold. The summers have gotten where they're a lot hotter. <SEP> But the ice storms really are stressful on all the plants that we have around. We've noticed that crepe myrtles don't do as well as they used to and pittosporum. Do they. That used to be the kind of things we could plant all the time. <SEP> You really take a chance with them freezing. I love. I love the landscaping. Like I say my brother-in-law. I get to Carrollton quite a bit. <SEP> I go there on business. And I really enjoy getting around and seeing the different areas with different gardens. And Dallas is very nice. I really enjoy it there. The landscaping the homes the architecture the whole thing very enjoyable gardens. And my wife and I. <SEP> Except for the lack of trees out where we are. It was all cotton fields. And when we get to other parts of the country where the trees are so beautiful we really miss it. That we have. <SEP> Ohio's a very pretty state. In seventy-six we moved to Chicago. We lived there for five years. And I remember the first time I took my wife there on a house hunt. We were coming in. And before the plane landed she looked out the window. And she said there's no trees down there. This is Illinois. You're not. And when we got out to the area where we decided we were going to live and buy a house there were no trees because the farmers had cleared all the land. <SEP>. And now all of a sudden it was being developed. And the first thing I did was planted all kinds of trees.
sw2962.txt:It seems to me that. I do not know whether the jury system. I should not say I do not know. I do not feel very stronger that the jury system should be changed. It seems to have worked time immemorial. And when difficult decisions are made they generally prove out to be right by things that occur later on. I know in some cases now in some states depending on the criminal code a unanimous verdict is not required. And indeed some juries are no longer twelve people. They are down to as small as six people in minor felonies and misdemeanor trials. <SEP> I think that the judges should be left to do most of the sentencing simply because there is always a jury that might be swayed by the moment either to be too lenient or too vengeful I guess. <SEP> On the other hand justices are more apt to understand the prison crowding problems and things like that and have that sway their decisions one way or the other. But is that a reflection then of what is really happening in the real world? <SEP> If they keep giving everybody hundred year sentences and the people in various states it does not seem that people want to be taxed to build more prisons. Or even repair the lack of judges and other. I think that is what is happening. I think the judges are trying to save the people from having the cost of new prisons. <SEP> They. That might be it. They certainly. <SEP> They are saying the people can not afford it. I don't know how it is in Virginia. <SEP> But in Florida now someone was just sentenced to eighteen years without any specific recommendation for waving the normal procedures. And the eighteen years will translate into something like four point seven if the prisoner is a model prisoner. <SEP> And indeed the present overcrowding conditions prevail. Plus I guess there was some credit for time this guy had already spent in jail waiting for trial. <SEP> So. You might be right about that. I do not know. It just seems to me that only about ten percent of the cases come for trial anyway. And only about four or five percent of. In the very end. Or less than half the cases that go to trial end up with the jury actually making the verdict. <SEP> With a conviction? That most of it is plea bargained half way through. Or most of the cases are plea bargained anyway. <SEP> But how do you feel about the jury system itself? Do you think that should be changed? Or do you know in Virginia if they have smaller juries. Or. I do not know exactly what the size of the juries. I know one of my friends was brought up for jury duty. <SEP> For. And he only heard very piddly type cases. Most of it was robberies or things like that. It was not any serious crimes. So apparently even for the smallest crimes they give the person any felony. I guess we. They give the person the option for a jury. I guess we always focus on criminal trials with the jury. But I know you have a right to ask for a jury in any sort of a case where damages are the result of some sort of an action that you are bringing against someone else. You can ask for that to be heard before a jury. <SEP>. Takes a heck of a long time to get there in some states. <SEP> I do not know. I should imagine Virginia from what I read is like every other state. It is faced with enormous costs to maintain the jury system and the prison system and the entire trial system. Because everywhere I read that there is a shortage of judges. <SEP> Not that they won't appoint them. But there is no budget for them I guess. And the courthouse that goes with them and the bailiffs and the court clerks. <SEP> Whatever. So it seems. I do not think I would change it. The more I verbalize it I do not think I would want to change the system. I do not know what we would replace it with. <SEP> I do not think I would either. I know. It does seem like the purpose of getting people in jail so that the. I can not think of the word I am looking for. Anyway the deterrent. For people to not commit the crime is sort of gone away. <SEP> People have. I do not know. They just do not care any more. The benefit of crime outweighs what the deterrent is. And yet there are so many people in prison. People that. The prison population as far as I. My impression of it is that it has doubled in the last ten years and tripled in the last twenty. <SEP> I mean it. I guess our population has grown some too. But there definitely is to me one of the worst things that could ever happen from what I read and see and understand. I do no think I could handle prison. It would be very difficult. <SEP> I would be interested in finding out what the percentage of drug related type things are. There must be a very great degree of that. <SEP> And. But there again I do not know if the jury system itself comes in to play there. I would think that. One of the things that sort of bothers me is the ability. Of course it is a constitutional right that the press must have here is the interviewing of jurors after the trial. It seems to me that when a jury makes a decision they should not be asked before television cameras and newspaper reporters how they reached that decision. I do not. <SEP> I imagine there is a certain right of the press to have the ability to ask that. But I would think if I did anything I would protect the juror from any sort of an inquisition after. I know. On the other hand though after the Barry trial up here the big local trial as well as national. <SEP>. I do a lot of business up in Washington. <SEP> I was there during the trial actually. And the opposite was true of me. After the case was over I was somebody get ahold of these people and find out why in the world did they vote the way they did. <SEP> It was a picture is not good enough. We want to see. I do not know what they wanted honestly. Did they want the guy to I do not know. Just because you feel like he was being kicked on which he certainly was. I. No doubt in my mind the federal government picked him out and selected him to be prosecuted. I felt that way. <SEP> I felt. But it does not matter. <SEP> The guy was obviously guilty. But. I always balanced in the situation. I remember the jurors. I thought to myself how did. I think they only found him guilty on one count. Which was a class something felony. Which was not even punishable to the degree that they thought it. <SEP> One count. But I do not know. Maybe when you are there in the courtroom yourself and you are sitting there and you have got to make a judgment on somebody. And the prosecutors do a lousy job. Or maybe the evidence was not as sensational as the media presented it. I am not making excuses for. <SEP> That might be it. I think we are getting. I think I am getting a call coming in. <SEP> Nice talking with you. It has been nice talking to you. <SEP> Thank you.
sw2241.txt:. What do you do this weekend? Pretty much spent most of my time either in the yard or at nurseries buying stuff for the yard. Which is. What do you have planned for your yard? <SEP> We just bought our house last July. And the house is forty years old. So there's an established lawn and whatnot flower beds things like that. But they've gone a few years of neglect. So we're in the process of revitalizing the whole situation. We've got different flower beds in front and a built in window box trying to get some color back in those get the trees trimmed up get rid of a few weed problems and things like that. <SEP> What part of the state do you live in? I live in Dallas. My wife and I we live in Dallas too. So. <SEP> Just what that area. We're planning on moving to Flower Mound. And we're going to be getting some wheel h-. We're going to have to do a lot of lawn and garden work there. Seems like it. The place we've been living at we're just leasing it. In Plano the soil has such a high clay content that I went to use my dad-in-law's tiller and it about for my arms off sockets. <SEP> I'll bet. <SEP> I'll bet. Just scratching two or three inches was just a chore. It was it was. And then when it gets wet you don't even want to get out in the yard. <SEP> It's horrible. It's a nightmare. But I don't know what i-. Where you live is there a real high alkaline or ash content. Or. <SEP> It's pretty high alk- w-. Actually it's done. It's in the north end of Oak Cliff in Kessler Park area. And we've got about. I know right where that's at. <SEP> We've got maybe eight inches to a foot of soil. And then it's solid rock from then on down. So. <SEP> It's a little aggravating. We can't put in anything too big as far as shrubs and things like that because they've got to get a chance to find the cracks in the rock. But. Is it limestone underneath? <SEP> It is. It's solid limestone. How do you put trees in there? We're just happy that there's trees already there so far. <SEP> Anything like that is a major undertaking I guess. Sprinkler systems or anything start to get real expensive because there's an awful lot of work that has to be done chopping through the rock. But. And it not even considering a pool or anything like that practically has to be blasted in I guess. But. And it makes for a different challenge. I've never. I moved to Dallas about five years ago. <SEP> And I never really messed with anything gardening or anything like that until now. But I keep hearing all the stories of different parts of town. In fact we were at the farmers market yesterday and bought a few tomato plants and things like that. And the first thing the old guy there at the stand asked is what part of town we lived in because he said I've got a dozen different varieties. And each one works in one part of town. And that's it. That's basically what he was trying to tell us. We tried planting tomatoes last year. And they turned out pretty poor. <SEP> I just wish I'd known the variety and everything. It. But it's amazing we also have roses. And they just grow so beautifully. <SEP> That wou-. In fact we put in some more roses yesterday. What type roses? A few different hybrid tea type varieties. Hybrid teas. <SEP> We have a few of the real short stem. They're kind of like the bush roses. But I don't know I think it only has about five or six more years to go because it's a really old bush. <SEP> But I'm amazed because the sun is so intense. And the roses just seem to survive just fine there. That's what we're searching. We've got all the different lake editions around the house. And we're kind of experimenting right now. <SEP> We've got the direct sun in front. And the backyard has two great big spruce and an oak tree all about forty to fifty foot tall. So the backyard is just complete dark all day long. And we're struggling to find something for those areas. Have you done a lot of tree surgeon work on your trees or not? <SEP> They're in pretty good condition. We've been pretty lucky on that. Just if you want a lot of light for underneath that may be all right because we have some old fruit trees. <SEP> We have a plum that's just about ready to go. So we may just be getting rid of that. But our peaches they seem to be doing just fine. But they really need pruning. <SEP> It just seems that even pruning once a year is really not enough. But the way they behave. That's true. That's true. I don't know. But what kind of grass are you growing? <SEP> It's bermuda. Bermuda. I've been trying a mixture of the bermuda and the rye. <SEP> But I may be working a fescue in because of the type of weather. It seems that bermuda's fine. But it looks like it would hold the soil. But it really doesn't. A lot of silt that comes in it just doesn't seem to hold it very well. <SEP> But the rye does really well. Especially during the wintertime. But once it gets over seventy seventy-five degrees it just dries up shrivels up and dies. <SEP> But. It's. There's such a difference through the year. <SEP> My parents-in-law they're building a house into the side of a hill. It's already been built and everything. They've been living there for about three months now. But this is out in west Texas. <SEP> But the wind there has been so bad that they've tried to plant grass. And they just have some big time problems. That's it. So they just watching their lawn just blow away. <SEP> But it's quite an undertaking. They have about two or three acres of land on lake front property on the side of a hill. <SEP> It's beautiful. You can see the house from miles away. But it's a pretty neat little job. But they save a lot of energy. <SEP> But just for them they're going to have to start gardening. It's going to be from the ground up. The whole way. <SEP> And they said we just plan on spending the rest of our lives just getting this property developed. It's amazing. All they have are mesquite and cottonwoods. <SEP>. And it's all on Lake Greenbelt that property out there. <SEP> And I don't know what they have. They have all the water they want. Actually they can pump water. They have to get permission. But they can pump water up from the shore. <SEP> But that's for an additional. They have to pay some kind of fee per year. But right now though I think they're trying to get the trees planted and everything. <SEP> But I just think of all of the money that they're going to have to spend just getting that. But the taxes alone there Lake Greenbelt. And some places they really nail them for tax. And you're talking just several hundred dollars a year in property taxes. <SEP> It's ridiculous. That really is. It would. It seem like it be just the opposite when you get. It's. Because even though it's far out there it's just that Lake Greenbelt they try to do it just from selling the water. <SEP> But the water usage they try to limit even though there's three or four streams that flow into it people still use it enough in towns like Clarendon and other areas where they irrigate. They still haven't gotten used to the dry land farming. But the irrigation because it's gotten so bad the past few years. <SEP> That's true that. But I don't know. I just came back from there. And just the air is so dry. I don't see how anything can survive out there for long periods of time. Should say. My father-in-law says the mesquite trees they're pretty smart. They're smart. They're about the smartest tree around. They don't even start growing until May or April after it's been raining for a few months. <SEP> That's true. That's true. They say the roots have developed. So that's all they work on. Just a leafy. They don't do anything. <SEP> That's something I've been looking around and noticed all the flowering trees and stuff are at this time of the year. And we're trying to decide what to put on one side of the house and things like that. But there's so many things that they last for just a couple of weeks. Then it's just a bush there from then on. It's kind of disappointing. I don't know. My wife and I on the south side of our house we planted some gardenias. <SEP> And they did real fine during the summertime. It's just. But during the fall when the rain let off just a little bit it just dried up. So I guess these plants they don't. It's like they remain.
sw3476.txt:For N I S T the National Institute of Standards and Technology. So it's right up your alley then. I suppose so. Let me push the button. <SEP> I guess I'm supposed to be all for switching to the metric system. But I sense that it's not going to happen anytime soon. I don't think it's going to happen either. But I wish it were. Because I got my bachelor's in mechanical engineering. <SEP> I'm at grad school now in acoustics. And all we do is metric stuff. You're now in what? Acoustics. Acoustics. <SEP> So everything's metric. And then you go to read some order book or something. And it's all confusing. So I don't understand as much. So I think we should get one adopted permanently. I guess that is the policy. But it's been the policy for a long time. And nothing ever happens. I suppose some things happen slowly simply by having it taught in the schools more to the extent that that's happening having a new generation come up that's more used to it. A lot of industry out there is doing metric stuff because they have to. They have to for international trade. <SEP> But I guess it's easier to switch back and forth than it used to be because of computers coming into everything. I don't think switching back and forth is that big a deal. I think people need to understand more what a meter is instead of how many feet in a meter or something. Just get used to using all the terms. Because someone says a kilogram. No one knows what that is. Everyone wants a conversion of that before kind of recognizing it as a concept to hold in mind. <SEP> I don't see that it can change it very quickly. We're not the kind of society that something can be posed upon by government will. No one seems to be adopting it. Metric system no one wants it at all seems like. The public is just very conservative that way in refusing to change measurement systems money dollar coins anything like that. <SEP> And it obviously makes no sense that we're practically alone in the world in using the old system. It's pretty tough when you get everything confused though. I think two systems is worse than one though. Because we do a lot of problems and things. And they're half english and half metric. And you make more mistakes doing all the conversions than you would doing the problems. Just get one. I prefer metric. But even if it's english they should just have one. Unfortunate- I think people like you are relatively rare who are coming up against this problem every day. <SEP> I think so. Your average guy jogging down the highway wants to know how many miles it is to his destination. There are things you could do. We have signs up on the N I S T campus here speed limit twenty-five miles per hour forty kilometers per hour. But that hasn't been adopted very widely. <SEP> They have some of those in Ohio. There's this one sign's kind of funny. It says metric signs next hundred miles. And no one will go a step further to remove the english signs. <SEP> That would force everybody to use it. Or to quit selling tape measures in inches. Or you have highway signs saying speed limit eighty-five whatever would be the appropriate number. I guess a hundred is sixty-two. Hundred car is going sixty-two. It would be more like ninety I guess. Car is going fifty-five. You suddenly have a even worse problem with speeding than we do now. <SEP> You have a bunch of people trying to do ninety. Where you are. Do the schools emphasize the metric system? In the engineering they all do pretty much. I meant down in the elementary schools. <SEP> In the elementary schools. I don't know. I wouldn't think so. I remember a ways back we did conversions. I think. But we never actually went out and measured anything or did anything on one system. I think my children learned the metric system. But it doesn't get emphasized over the other. <SEP> They learn how many centimeters are in an inch. And that's about it.
sw2334.txt:. Like I told you before. And you're talking about credit cards. <SEP> We put ours up. I had a delightful evening one night cutting a bunch of those suckers up. I wish I had. You should try it. I. It was done for me after a while. I had a business going. And this was back in the eighties. I don't know if you remember the gold and silver prices and all that. But I had a coin shop. And everything was going great while gold and silver was up. And it started falling. <SEP> So I started paying expenses and stuff on my credit cards. And things got worse and worse. And finally. You lost your business? <SEP> What a nightmare. It was. I ended up going into bank-. It was one of those things. It'll get better next week. Things will pick up. And so there I was in old bankruptcy court. You weren't charging gold and silver were you? You can't do that can you? <SEP> You can? I was buying from other dealers. And they take payment any way they can get it. That's a nightmare. Course on merchandise that I was buying on cards I was getting the money back. Because I was selling it. I wasn't buying just to hold onto it. But it was things like rent and phone bills and advertising and all that other good stuff that ate them all up. <SEP>. I remember before I got married. When you graduate from college they'll send you all those credit card applications. <SEP> Of course you fill them all out because you're honored. <SEP> And I had stuff for Sanger Harris. And it got up to couple of hundred dollars. And I thought that's okay cause all they wanted was ten dollars a month. <SEP> I wasn't thinking a thing about it. That's the way they suck you in. I was just stupid. And every time they had a sale there I was. <SEP> Because get such good bargains. And I don't know. Just today in the mail I got my guaranteed acceptance by American Express. <SEP> We've been getting those. I went back to school and got my Master's. And they started sending those things to me again. As soon as you're a graduate student they get your name. <SEP> They did. And course I guess I've been purged from their records. I used to have an American Express. Back when I had my business I got one. And they goofed up bad on my very first bill. Because I was using the American Express strictly for the travel expenses. <SEP> And the bill would come in. And I'd pay it. And the very first bill I paid it. And then I got this nasty letter from them saying You're overdue pay. So I said it just crossed in the mail. So I didn't do anything about it. Two weeks later I get another letter even nastier. And said We're going to turn this over to our attorneys if you don't pay. And I looked at that. And I said Uh-huh. So by this time my checks had come back from the bank. So I made a copy of the check that they had cashed attached it to their letter and sent them a nasty letter with the card cut in little bitty pieces saying Thanks but no thanks. <SEP> Turned out they weren't cheeky. They were I tell you. They don't talk about they're charging that enormous fee every year. So what is it now? It's up to fifty-five on the gold card. It's eighty-five for the Optima. Or. Fif-. Fif-. <SEP> What do you mean fifty-five? You mean fifty-five dollars? For the green card. But then what's the interest? That's the card. <SEP> And interest is like eighteen or something. It's. Of course on the green card you have to pay it when the bill comes in so there isn't any. But on the Optima card it's. Let's see right now it's running at about. It's not too bad. It's about sixteen and a half percent which is pretty good as far as credit cards go. Credit cards. They're dangerous. <SEP> My parents don't hardly use them. Mine don't either. Mine don't either. They. My mom has a MasterCard and a Visa card. And that's it. I've got all my gas cards because I don't want to carry money around. <SEP> I'll do that. I do use gas cards. Impact is kind of bad too though. <SEP> Especially if you forget to record those little suckers. Plastic is just too easy. That's the whole problem with it. <SEP> And you're tempted if you've got cash a little bit of cash and you don't have enough for the purchase. <SEP> Of course you got to charge it and keep your cash. Naturally. That's. I got into all kinds of trouble doing that. What are you saying? My husband says I might buy it. But I don't really usually consider that an option. <SEP> Having been out of the credit game for some years now I've gotten used to either paying in cash or not getting it. Maybe that's how we got in trouble. And. <SEP> But it's hard isn't it? It is. But I'm kind of grateful for the experience because it's taught me a lot of restraint. It makes you feel good when you whip out the cash instead of your plastic. I just went out and got a new V C R yesterday with cash. <SEP> With cash? And it's. Do you work with T I? I wish I did. <SEP> You could have got a discount couldn't you? I could use a discount. I have to wait for things to go on sale. <SEP> But there's always a sale. Especially on electronic goods. Especially now. <SEP> What is that thing I saw. Circuit World or something. Circuit City. Circuit City. Have you been in there? Their prices aren't that terrific. They used to be. But they've got to pay for all that national advertising now. <SEP> It's national? I think I've seen two around Dallas. They're all over the country now. <SEP> What else. They used to be good. I remember when they first opened up. They did have good bargains. I don't know if you have a place there called. Or you probably have something similar. We call it Service Merchandise. In Garland. You got Service Merchandise. <SEP> It used to be Service Merchandise was the place to go. And Circuit City came along. And that was the place to go to get your T V -s and washer and dryers and refrigerators and all that. And then after the years went by they just sort of kept creeping up on price. And actually Service Merchandise is cheaper than them now. So. So much for Circuit City. <SEP> What else can we talk about? Who do you work for? I don't. I'm a graduate student. I'm a professional student. Sounds wonderful. It is. <SEP> We were talking about that just today. It's great. We could be just lifelong students. It is great. I love it. <SEP> Where are you going to school? N C State. What's that? North Carolina State. <SEP> So you're on Spring Break? Not yet. Ours doesn't start until next week. So where are you? Where am I? <SEP> What do you mean where? In Raleigh. Little. The burgeoning metropolis of Raleigh. What a dead place. <SEP> Is it? I've got a nice little business at home. And I sit around and tinker with that most of the time. So what are you getting your degree in? Human factors. <SEP> And what do you do with it? Not a thing. What is it? It's really looking at systems and design systems and seeing how people interact with them. <SEP> It's sociology. It's more psychology and engineering. My master's is in industrial engineering. So you're working on your doctorate? <SEP> P H D in human factors. That will sound wonderful won't it? <SEP> Get you a little plaque. I B M. A lot of people use human factors. Folks. But I B M is what I'm looking at right now. Aren't they laying off several thousand people? They might be. But not at the human factors level. They're. <SEP> I heard it on the news today. I could swear it was I B M. As a matter of fact the I B M in Carey which is a little suburb of Raleigh just hired one more human factors person. Doggone it. If they'd just waited a little bit longer it could have been. Me. I'm going into the dissertation this summer. <SEP> How much longer do you have? And get that done this summer? I'm going to start this summer. I probably won't finish it until the end of the year. <SEP> But I'm trying to get a intern position with I B M right now so that I can find an area to do my dissertation in. Because you. It's hard finding an area to do a dissertation in this field. <SEP> Why? There has been so much work done already? That's. That and it's limited application in some respects. In the area that we're in here there's a lot of places that use human factors people. Most.
sw2546.txt:I guess I don't really have a problem with capital punishment. I'm not really sure what the exact specifications are for Texas. I know that they have capital punishment for certain crimes. And that's probably the way I feel about it is it kind of depends on the crime that's committed. My belief all my life has been that if you take someone else's life then you automatically are giving up yours in place of it. But I don't. Seems to be a lot of controversy about that. <SEP> I tend to agree with you. Probably pretty similar views on it. But that's one of the things I don't understand is so much of the controversy. Because I do also myself believe in capital punishment. It really irks me to see so much effort put into preventing someone being put to death by the State when they so callously and usually without even thinking or without any concern end somebody else's life and in a lot of cases several people's lives. That's true. I guess there's probably two or three different types of views as far as the controversy goes. I can see where if a life was taken by accident or not premeditated or primarily by accident there may be cases where the death penalty is not called for. But I lean towards if it's premeditated or if it's kind of a tendency that people may get into then I guess I don't really have a problem with it. <SEP> That's kind of the way I feel. If you've got a guy who's been to trial and has been in and out of jail basically a three time loser for the twelfth time and he goes out and kills somebody he's not going to be reformed. He's not going to get any better. It's just not going to get any better. And the only thing. A lot of people have the opinion that don't have capital punishment. But give them life in jail. And I could go along with that if I could be assured that it would be their natural life in jail and not parole after ten or twelve years. I think that's what aggravates a lot of people is somebody does get a life sentence in place of the death penalty. And they wind up back on the streets after five years or six years or like the kid on the news tonight out in Mesquite who was out in six months. <SEP> It's just our criminal system is just so overloaded. But the problem is not so much with the prison system. Because the cops are out there doing their job enforcing the laws. And the prison system are just. They're trying to cope with them. But the thing about capital punishment I. A lot of people don't think it would be a deterrent to future crime. And the way it is now it's not. Because you. If. The State of Texas for example may execute somebody twice a year. That's no kind of deterrent because we've got literally hundreds of people on death row and many of them who have been there literally for ten or fifteen years on death row. <SEP> And that's certainly no kind of deterrent. And I would tend to agree with anybody who says right now that it's not a deterrent because it's not. It's not. You think of your chances of getting the death penalty after committing a crime are really pretty slim right now. And you can probably spend a lot of time or maybe eventually just waiting it out. <SEP> And that's where a lot of aggravation comes is these guys spend so much time in the appeal process or just in the waiting process. They may spend years. And the last I heard it was costing ten twenty thirty thousand dollars a year to keep these guys waiting. <SEP> It's amazing. There's a girl I work with our secretary as a matter of fact. Her father was murdered her father and three other guys up here in Sherman. And the guy that they tried and convicted and sentenced him to death he's been on death row for eight years. <SEP> And this was her father that got killed just cold-blooded murder him and three other people. But still for some reason this guy's sentence has not been carried out. He's sitting on death row for eight years after having killed four people. And the State still can't bring itself to execute this guy. To carry it out. It sort of takes the justice out of the justice system. <SEP> It does. It really does. She and they have to go back. Occasionally she has to write letters to the parole board and lawyers. And just ever so often she mentions she's got to do something else write another letter or do something. It's just. It should be over and done with. <SEP> She should be getting on with her life getting that part behind her. But yet it's kind of tied to her the way it is now. It is. And she winds up being a victim day after day after day. <SEP> A victim. Not only indirectly of the crime but also indirectly by that indirect involvement. It's ridiculous. She's an emotional victim. <SEP> It's terrible. And. And like you say the cops that are out doing the work day by day have got to have a lot of frustration when they see all their work basically go out the window. <SEP> That. <SEP> I couldn't be a cop for that very reason because they do. The criminal gets right back out. And the cop's just got to go back and do his thing all over again because so many of the crimes are done by repeat offenders. They are. It's. That's about five minutes. So unless you've got something else <SEP>. It's a pleasure talking with you. <SEP> Ron we'll see you later.
sw2455.txt:I wondered if I was going to get to talk to a male or a female on this type. Have you been talking to males? This is probably more interesting if it had been a male and a female. I was afraid we might get into an argument. <SEP> I guess there have been certainly a lot of changes in the last couple of generations for the roles of women. And I guess the most significant probably is that so many are working now And trying to juggle job and home and family and all sorts of other possibilities. <SEP> They may be going to school or may have elderly parents or all sorts of other things. It seems too me though that women's roles are changing faster than the men and therefore the women are spreading themselves thinner than before. I think so. <SEP> I think it's extremely difficult to keep up with all that we have to these days. Sometimes I think I am going crazy trying to do it. But. <SEP> Do you work outside the home? Do you have children? They are getting older now. <SEP> So they are not quite as much of a responsibility. But they are still there. They still take time. And I still provide most of the things that go on around the house. <SEP> So. And for a while I was going to school too. And it was tough. I think that while it's a good change for women to be able to fulfill their potential in whatever they feel their expertise may be. <SEP> I think sometimes other things suffer and tha-. I think it's hard to find a balance there. But in some ways I think we are expected to do it all. You're almost looked down upon if you don't try to do all of these things. And that's where the problem is really. <SEP> I have little children four and one. And I decided that it was very important to me to stay home. <SEP> And when I happen to be. I'm very active with other people with children my age. And most of us do tend to stay home. But when I run into people that just have recently had babies or have very young children and are working full time there's almost a friction between us. Not people that are necessarily good friends Even though that has happened too. <SEP> It's almost as though it puts you on different sides of a fence. You know w-. If you decide to go back to work then you feel like you are always having to defend yourself. And if you don't then sometimes you feel like you're looked down upon by people that go back to work and so you're just wasting your time at home. <SEP> It's a tough one. I've done some of both. When my kids were real little I was at home for a couple of different periods of time. <SEP> I think the longest was less than a year. But still at least I was able to spend those first months with them. But I mostly went back to work because I was tired of doing without things. <SEP> The money was the issue. But even now I would like to not have to work in some ways. <SEP> It's kind of pull and tug. On the other hand I can't imagine just being at home although I have a lot of interests and a lot of things I would like to pursue. <SEP> Still there's sort of a feeling of accomplishment with having a job and all that goes with that. That's definitely true. In fact I work out of my home. I'm an accountant. <SEP> And I do taxes and bookkeeping. And I. It was. It's a way for me to stay home. And I still unfortunately have to be very disciplined in doing my work at five in the morning and ten o'clock at night. <SEP> But it's worked out for my family to have my cake and eat it too kind of thing. That's a good deal. Where do you think this is going in the future. Do you think things are going to change. Or are we going to keep having to try to juggle all of this? <SEP> I hope that they will change. But I'm. I just. I know it's going to be a slow change. I feel as though a lot of people are going back to just having a one wage earner. I'm just thinking of my circle of people that I know. I know quite a few people who have decided to not have both of the parents work. And yet I we-. I hope to see employer based helping out. Child care centers at the place of employment and things like that that will help out. <SEP> What do you think. Do you think we are setting a trend? I don't. I see some people wanting to stay home more and take care of the children. <SEP> And even those who may not do it seem to be spending more time with their kids and really trying harder at making all of the family things work. But I don't know if they're going to ever give up their careers. It's sort of like they went to school and they worked so hard to get where they are. I don't know if they want to completely give that up. <SEP> It's a very personal thing. But it would be nice if there could be an in-between a middle ground somewhere. I think it's hard though when you talk about families and raising children. Because I think children have a hard time understanding a middle ground. I think they need security. And yet they. I don't know. I. Speaking from my children they aren't real flexible when it comes to things like that. <SEP> They want to know things are going to be a certain way. I think they like a routine of sorts. We will see. I'm hoping to see more female leadership in our society. I like the fact that gradually you're beginning to see women in public office and executive positions. But it's still a long way from being what it ought to be. <SEP> The numbers are still very skewed to say the least. I enjoyed talking to you. You too Ellen. <SEP>
sw2253.txt:The question was what kind of books do you read for entertainment I guess. I just read for escape. <SEP> It's. With two little kids I can understand that. That's simple. I read to escape. And I don't read any PARENTS magazines either. <SEP> So. What kind of. I just finished one last night. A great book. It's very a typical for my reading though but a great book one called THE THINGS THEY CARRIED by Tim O'Brien. <SEP> And it's. I don't know if I would call it a collection of Vietnam war stories or if I'd call it a collection of Vietnam love stories. Strange book. Beautifully written. <SEP> Just beautifully written. By somebody who was there. Or. A guy who was there as a foot soldier. <SEP> So he considered himself to be a true Vietnam soldier. Any of the guys that were ground. I can imagine. What's the latest one you've read? I tell you what. I'm kind of a history nut. I'm trying to think back now. I read an awful lot of periodicals and almost what you call reference books. <SEP> And I'm embarrassed to say the last honest to gosh cover to cover book that I read I tried to read one of the Michener LONE STAR or the TEXAS HISTORY BOOK. I have never been able to make it through any of Michener's work. I've had similar problems. It does tend to. <SEP> Are you a Civil War buff at all? As a matter of fact. Because I finished one. I think this is two years ago. And somebody had given me one of these dinky do crappy women's novels set in the Civil War John Jakes with. <SEP> And the novel didn't do that much for me. But the period of time was fascinating. So I then read was it BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM. <SEP> Or. I think it was BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM. BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM. It's kind of like a historical compendium of the Civil War. <SEP> And it's not a story of the Civil War. It's a story of all the politics and lobbying and just basically state by state events that lead to the events that brought about the Civil War. And it's fascinating because I had always been raised on this Emancipation Proclamation with the Civil War. There was a lot more to it than that weren't there? <SEP> There was a lot more to it than that. As a matter of fact that was a very minor part that kind of become like an afterthought. It was a political move. It was made to placate some of the northern support but not completely alienate all the southern support because if you read it it only emancipated those who were in areas in rebellion against the United States. All the other areas which at that time would have included West Virginia and Kentucky a few states that were not part of the South but still had slaves. <SEP> They didn't emancipate them. You know what else really surprised me. I'm married to a native Texan. And I'm not. <SEP> I've got the same problem. I'm glad you put it that way. <SEP> And I have two native Texan children too. My husband is always talked about Texas being a rebel state. <SEP> And all this Civil War pride. I kept waiting for. Where's some reference to this goddamn State of Texas and the role that they played either leading up to or in the Civil War. Mayb-. Isn't much there was there? They might as well have not even been there. <SEP> They weren't a state. And the only way that they had any part in it was after worth as to who's going to be going there. And I keep telling my husband that. And he keeps saying. I thought okay. They supplied some. They were some groups of it the Vicksburg. If you ever get a chance to go over to Vicksburg the battleground at Vicksburg there's an area there where there was some Texas groups. And they had an interesting time there. I'll bet they did. And down there at Sabine Pass I can't think of the guy's name. But just he and a handful of guys managed to hold off the whole Union navy for a while from coming up the Sabine River which was of no consequence but still is an interesting story. <SEP> You know why they actually held them off? None of the Yankees wanted to listen to their kind of luted grammar. That could be it. You didn't hear me say that. Outside of. And then the last Civil War battle was fought at Val Verde. Over there on the Texas border you had a lot of groups heading for Mexico. And they were cut off at the pass more or less at Eagle Pass. And they didn't get across the river there. So they're the last. And that was actually after the war was over. But it was the last organized battle between the two units was in Texas. <SEP> So. Texas participation in the Civil War was minor at. It's been. <SEP> Don't tell that to a native Texan though. They fought and won the whole thing. My wife's from Galveston. So. <SEP>. I'm from New Mexico. So I was. That's a beautiful state. That's a beautiful state. I was raised in the Midwest which we didn't even know where the Mason Dixon Line was. <SEP> And besides if corn didn't grow there it didn't matter. It sounds like Iowa or something. <SEP> Iowa and Nebraska. And then I had probably lived the last eleven years in Massachusetts. So. What does that make me an honorary Yankee. <SEP> Or God knows what. On. My sister's living in Illinois right now. So. <SEP> Then she's going to come out well rounded. But outside of those kind of things the other thing that I've really gotten into reading is science fiction. <SEP> I've always kind of enjoyed it. I used to read a lot more than I do now. I've gone to the point where my husband travels I get out two or three books. <SEP> And I'm trying to think of Isaac Asimov ROBOT series. I think I've read all four of them. And I understand that there's a fifth. <SEP> In the last six weeks he's been on the road a lot. I just turned around and looked at my bookcase up here. And I see ARMAGEDDON up there. And the SHADOW OF BLOOMING GROVE and TWO THOUSAND AND TEN and GRANT TAKES COMMAND and THE WAR IN THE YEAR SPACE that was the one I was trying to wade through was SPACE James Michener. Didn't get very far on that. I think I read HAWAII when I was about ten years old. <SEP> So. Which is about the developmental level that you need to be at to read those things. And even then I was so disgusted with it I tried to read. Whatever one it was it was such a blockbuster seller. <SEP> And I got about a hundred pages through it and realized I had a thousand more. I thought I can't do this. It really. The books are kind of imposing to say the least. Let's see. Here's one called GHOST TOWNS AND MINING CAMPS OF NEW MEXICO. Not too many people have read that one. I don't think. <SEP> And there's THE HISTORY OF YOAKUM COUNTY TEXAS there. I've got. <SEP> Is that a big thick book? And I've got a HISTORY OF KINGSLEY IOWA. What the hell for? Why Kingsley Iowa? Because that's where my folks all came from. <SEP> And they had a centennial here awhile back. I read the GRANT TAKES COMMAND. That was pretty good. That was part of that trilogy that Bruce Canton did. <SEP> That's one. I don't know. I had never really been into science fiction that much until somebody gave me MIST OF AVALON probably about five or six years ago. <SEP> I don't know if I'd call it science fiction or fantasy. Sometimes it's awful hard. Some of those get very philosophical. They can be in any setting. They just happen to put them in a futuristic setting. The. I loved that novel. And then somebody said this would have been even long ago because I was in Boston. And it was raining all night. And I had a hole in my roof. And I was waiting for the whole house to collapse and I was reading DUNE. Which seeming rather ironic. <SEP>. <SEP> And I read the whole damn book while I was home hauling out ten-gallon buckets of water and waiting for the roof to collapse and reading about these guys wearing their little free man still suits. You're reading DUNE. And I think that's probably my favorite of any piece of science fiction that I've ever read. <SEP> That was a movie too wasn't it? And the movie was awful. Was it? <SEP> It was just terrible. I didn't see it. But. It was beyond. Patrick Stewart was in that. I guess the guy that's on the new STAR TREK series was in that thing. <SEP> I don't know. I just remember Sting was in it. And if you were trying to follow any type of plot it total-. Even having read the book watching that movie I couldn't figure out what they were talking about at all. <SEP> Couldn't. <SEP> I was real disappointed in that. I'll tell you another good book. Do you like scary things? Some history books are pretty scary. <SEP> Have you. But. That's true. Have you read THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS? Somebody who saw the movie here the other day told me it was the most terrifying thing they'd ever seen. <SEP> They didn't sleep all night. I am debating whether or not I want to go see the movie after having read the book. <SEP> The book is chilling. I have. Just chilling. I don't have the foggiest notion what it's about. So. <SEP> Then I won't tell you. But. It's just that if you ever really want to just be scared out of your wits. That's the one. <SEP> That's the one. Even better than JAWS and some of that? Because the character that is so horrible is another human being. And you're just drawn into his horror of him that you begin to kind of like him. <SEP>. <SEP> A Freddy Kruger type? This guy's smart. And he's suave. And he's all the characteristics. The worst kind. <SEP> All the characteristics.
sw2835.txt:It seems to me that one of the biggest differences is the computer revolution. And I can very clearly remember ten years ago I was just beginning to explore computerizing my office and trying to find out what kinds of computers might be useful. And we did end up with I B M P C -s which I now would not have chosen. <SEP> But that was before the Macintosh. And twenty years ago I was in graduate school pecking out a dissertation on a manual typewriter. <SEP> I know it. So I would say that's one of the largest changes at least in my life. I've seen that just in the last even five years how much they've increased in use. Or probably eight years. When I was a freshman in college my degree was in computer technology originally. <SEP> And it seemed like it would. They were just getting out with the disks and all that doing away with the programming cards. <SEP> And. Thirty years ago I had a college job working as a programmer. And we had to write code in binary. And have it punched in on those little cardboard cards which I don't think exists anymore. I know. <SEP> You never see one of those punch cards anymore. I think T V has a lot to do with the changes too. Don't you? In people's attitudes. Very possibly. I'm not sure in the last ten years it's been very different from before. Certainly in the last thirty I would say there have been significant changes. Even the change from black and white to color television. <SEP> Thirty years ago I guess there were color T V -s. But I sure didn't have access to one. But twenty years ago practically everybody had a color T V. And now I think they're almost as many. There are more T V -s than households. So it's close to one T V per person they say. <SEP> And now everybody has V C R -s and two or three V C R -s and that kind of thing. <SEP> Certainly ten years ago V C R -s were just coming on the market. So that's made a significant difference in the way I watch television for instance. Because now I almost never watch a T V program when it's on. I know. I tape it and then watch it when it's convenient. And that way I don't have to worry about being interrupted. I can just put it on pause. <SEP> And you can flip through the commercials. So you don't have to watch the commercials. That's always convenient. You can watch a program in forty-five minutes instead of an hour. You skip the commercials. <SEP> What was our question about decline in socio-. Wasn't the decline so much. I think they just said the social changes in the United States. How was life different ten twenty or thirty years ago. So. <SEP> I can't really remember back that far. But ten years ago. In the nineteen seventies you remember how kids would walk around with little A M radios. And now people have jam box with C D players in them. And hand held T V -s and car phones. That's certainly a difference. <SEP> That's another one. Car phones is a good point and cellular phones of all types and beepers. Ten years ago I was working in a job at a medical center. <SEP> And I had to carry a beeper around. And they were kind of bulky. And all they did was just make a beep noise. And then you had to go find a telephone and call in to find out what they wanted you for and who you were supposed to call. These days they have these tiny little things that are only about the size of two or three pencils. And they fit in your shirt pocket. And they have a little display screen that shows you a message and either tells you a person or a phone number to respond to. And. <SEP> Those are cool. Those are pretty neat. And they have the kind that just vibrates so you can shut them off in a theatre or something. And you can still get your messages. <SEP> But let's see social changes. Where do you think it's going to go in twenty years? I haven't the slightest idea. I was just thinking though about a huge social change in the last ten years is AIDS. <SEP> It was just beginning to be recognized and noticed ten years ago. I know that because I was writing a paper about it. I was writing a journal article. And they still didn't even know what caused it or anything. And there was a suspicion that it was a virus. <SEP> But nobody had identified it. And they were really just going on epidemiological guesswork because the way it was transmitted made it look an awful lot like hepatitis. And then from the spread pattern of hepatitis they could work backwards to the transmission by blood and semen. <SEP> And then I. I'm curious what was your graduate study in? I was in English as a matter of fact and medieval studies. <SEP>. But I went to work as an editor and writer. So ten years ago I was working in the medical center publishing a journal and writing about medical topics. <SEP> And let's see twenty years ago I guess we were just beginning to get into what they were calling the sex revolution after the pill. And freed people up from worries about illegitimate pregnancy. And I guess in the seventies is the time when that was supposed to have exploded. Thirty years ago there was no pill. <SEP> You think that's caused a lot of pressure on younger kids today to make choices that they probably shouldn't have to make? I do. I really do. I have four kids in college right now children and stepchildren. <SEP> And I know that the expectation for them was to have sex and much earlier than the expectation when I was in college. <SEP> In my day we talked quietly behind our hands about people that we suspected might be sleeping with their boyfriends. <SEP> But they certainly didn't expect everybody to. And it was really only acceptable if you were engaged and planning to get married in the relatively near future. And I certainly know from talking to my stepdaughter that girls in high school were under a whole lot more pressure nowadays. <SEP> It's kind of scary when I think of what will happen in twenty years when I have kids and they're grown and just kind of some of the changes that will happen even more. So. And I guess the answer is stay flexible because nobody can predict what's going to happen in twenty years. Seems like it can't get much worse. <SEP> I certainly wouldn't have been able to twenty years ago tell you what my kids were likely to be like. Course one of them was just a brand new baby twenty years ago. So I sure wouldn't have been able to predict for him. <SEP> And some of the other ones weren't born. Sounds like America's going to become even more communication society with faxes and cellular phones and worldwide communication. <SEP> And. Electronic mail. I just got on that about a year ago. And that's made a difference in the way I do my job because it's so much easier to get hold of people and get quick answers to things. Even when they're on another continent. <SEP> It's pretty wild. Even. That reminds me Federal Express was around ten years ago. But it was used as kind of an extreme emergency. <SEP> And nowadays people use Fed Ex all the time. Sure do. People do seem to travel more. It's much more common for people even teenagers to be going to Europe and South America and Asia. <SEP> I was almost thirty before I got off this continent. And both my kids had been abroad when they were still in high school. <SEP> I know that's what my family was talking when I picked up and moved to Texas from Indiana. And they were thirty years ago we wouldn't have done that. And especially come home every couple months. <SEP> And.
sw3072.txt:. Where have you all been on vacation recently? Recently. My most recent trip was last year. And that was Detroit. <SEP> Detroit? Is that a nice vacation spot? It wasn't really. It was to see an old relative. <SEP> And it was just to have some fellowship with her. So you probably wouldn't recommend that as a big tourist spot? The only thing that I visited that is quite a tourist spot is Cancun Mexico. <SEP> That would be nice. And that was real nice. Did you scuba dive there? We just kind of walked the beaches and looked at all the beautiful scenery there. <SEP> That would be nice. And just kind of relaxed and unwound a little bit from our daily routine. That would be enjoyable. <SEP> That's a nice break. I haven't been on vacation in a while either. Usually when we go we go to Colorado to Estes Park area. Which is up kind of near Denver. And stay in the mountains up there do a little hiking and resting get away from the Texas heat that kind of thing. <SEP> That's always refreshing to get away from. <SEP> So it's a lot of fun. I worked up there last summer. So I guess it was kind of like a vacation the whole summer long. That's nice. <SEP> Worked at a camp there. And so I got to spend a lot of time up in the mountains. So that's probably my favorite place when I have to go somewhere on a vacation. My middle daughter and her husband have just taken up a new activity. And that's canoeing. And they've been to the Guadalupe River. And they also have been to Colorado. And they've really enjoyed it. <SEP> That's nice. We canoed up in Arkansas at the Buffalo River. It's a whole new. <SEP> And that's the best place that I've ever canoed. It's really really pretty. I was a little kid then. And we to have. We stayed at some park. And they had a little mountain man who came down the river every night. And he would give a little talk about mountain things. I think he wasn't a real mountain man. But we were pretty convinced he was a full hermit who lived up in the woods that he'd come in his little log boat down the river. <SEP> And we'd. And he'd make sassafras tea out of sassafras roots that he'd found. And That's a good family place to go. That's neat. <SEP> And then the river was really nice because it wasn't too frightening. But it wasn't too easy either. <SEP> It was. You learn a lot of skills too. And I think you're more receptive when you're younger than when you're older to learn new skills. That's true. And I think it really penetrates in your memory what to do because you really have a great interest in it. Because it's something you weren't forced to do. <SEP>. So you have kind of a relaxed mode of learning. <SEP> And you're more receptive. That's good. We let's see. The only other place I've ever vacationed we'd go on camping trips up to Texoma and things like that. <SEP> And then I went to England a few years ago. That's exciting. I was a student there and spent a semester studying abroad in London. <SEP> And that was a great time because that's such a neat place. And there's not a language barrier. So you don't. There's a little bit because there's some of those English words that you just don't exactly know what they mean. And a lot of people have trouble wrestling with their accents. But it was really fun. I really enjoyed that. I'm probably going back there to work for a year. <SEP> I had a friend that visited England probably two years now. But that's her next goal is go back to England. Because she really has a great desire to do that. Because the love that she has for it now after visiting it. It's really nice. I would spend all my time in London or most of my time. <SEP> And it was really different being in a big city. Because I don't get much into really urban areas a lot. And it's sort of a weird little anonymous feeling where no one knows who you are. And you can spend a whole day without talking to anyone which I thought I would just hate. But it ended up being kind of nice because you're not accountable to anyone. <SEP> You could just kind of walk around and observe. Do your own thing. <SEP> I did a lot of just going out by myself and riding on the subway and watching people. And I had a great time doing that. It was really interesting. That's wonderful. There's a lot out there to see. <SEP> I know. I'll say. I keep wanting to get up to. I haven't been anywhere else outside the United States. I haven't been to Mexico or Canada or. I lived across the street almost from Canada. <SEP> So that's a nice place. Canada is very nice. That would be nice. I had a friend from there. <SEP> Then I'd love to go somewhere in Asia. But I'd have to have a tour guide with me to help with all the language and all that. Somebody that knows their way around. <SEP> So. That's why England was nice. Even we traveled in Europe for about a week. And that was even nice because there wasn't the. We went to Germany and Switzerland and. You've been quite a few places there. We have. We whirlwinded through Europe. Once you think about it. <SEP> It was just insane twelve days where we'd just stop a city a day. And you slept on the train at night. That's great. <SEP> But there wasn't a. It was strange. It was kind of sad. There wasn't ever a language problem there because everyone in Germany knew English. And everyone in Switzerland knew English. That's great. <SEP> So we were kind of pitiful. We found one restaurant we were in and got seated. And then no one knew English in there. And we finally had to break out the phrase book and start looking up things. But it was. What did you wind up with? <SEP> I had fondue. That was easy to say. Tried to get fondue and white wine. And that was. <SEP> We were able to have that pretty effortlessly. There were some people at the next table who spoke English. So we elicited their aid for a while. They kind of guided you. And they were very helpful. <SEP> So it was a pleasant time. I'd love to go back there. There's just not time. There's not enough time to go see everything and then to afford to see everything. I guess that's why we need to plan for retirement so when we do have the free time we'll have the means to pursue our dreams. <SEP> That's. I guess that's what retirement is all about. <SEP> That and sleeping late. I keep hoping for. <SEP> It was nice talking with you. I understand that. It was nice talking with you too Craig. <SEP> And have a good afternoon. You do the same. Thank you. <SEP>.
sw2558.txt:What do you think about the Peace Corps or public service commitment? That's the first I've ever heard of it. I haven't heard anything too much about it. I think it was thought up when there was so much controversy about reviving a draft. And people said young people who were drafted have to provide military service to the country. But there are an awful lot of young people who would benefit from some sort of public service like the Conservation Corps back in the thirties or various other things of that sort. <SEP> And it seems to me that it's not a totally bad idea. But I don't quite see how they'd make it work. How would they decide who goes into building fire breaks in Yosemite National Park and who goes to Saudi Arabia? <SEP> I. The. My first impression was it would be very good. I think it would be good for people to serve. But I don't know if it should be an option. It would be great to have some of those organizations like you mentioned that were during the Depression or coming out of the Depression available for kids. And I think there are some available now where they are able to work. But making it a mandatory thing kind of. The difficulty would be in whether it's voluntary or involuntary. And the people who were proposing it said that it should be involuntary that it should be like a draft. <SEP> And some people would get military service. And some people would get civilian service like working in hospitals. This. I assume it's the kinds of things that they had conscientious objectors do when people were drafted and they refused to serve in the Army. <SEP> They were allowed to do hospital service or things like that. And if they re-. Or farm work in World War One I remember reading about. And I suppose that there is justification for taking everybody if you take anybody. <SEP> But I just really think that the difficulties involved in paying them sorting them out assigning them training them would be insurmountable. <SEP> It seems like you'd have a lot more conscientious objectors if they had that choice. It's a possibility. I'd much rather work in a hospital than to go war. And I'm sure most young men and women would. And so. I think that in the cases like that they had to be pretty thoroughly examined to prove that they had pacifist and religious beliefs and so forth and that this wasn't something new just to keep out of going to war. <SEP> It was something that was a fundamental part of their philosophy of life. That makes sense. And then you run into the bureaucracy in running it. How you going to cover that many people because we've got a lot more people now than we did then. <SEP> And in addition to that we have the cost because you have to pay something for their room and board. <SEP> And then you have to pay them some kind of a stipend even if it's like the Peace Corps where they don't get most of it until they come home you have to pay them something. <SEP> Plus the training involved. <SEP> That would be expensive in most cases. Because. I had a lot of friends who went to the Peace Corps back in the mid sixties. <SEP> And it really did seem to be a worthwhile organization. But on the other hand I'm not sure what the permanent value of it was. I don't know what we got for all the money. We had an awful lot of idealistic people who went off to what was then East Pakistan is now Bangladesh and to Algeria and to Southeast Asia and lots of out-of-the-way places. <SEP> But I don't know if they really had significant effects in the places where they went in teaching the people how to cope with their lives better. <SEP> I know in. I personally took a year and a half and went as a missionary and taught Christianity in Japan. And I was living such a stringent lifestyle that it was very beneficial to me. It taught me not to be so self-centered and to think of others. <SEP> But I don't know if I was doing it in different situation not a really religious background if I would get a lot out of it. I think I did because it emphasized that sort of thing. A lot of self evaluation. And it was definitely voluntary too. They were not drafting you and sending you against your will. <SEP>. And I'm sure that would make a big difference too. You've got. What about a voluntary program? Do you think that would be a good idea? <SEP> Like I say I know that there are some type of programs that they have available for teenagers to go and do work in the national parks and work in neighborhoods to clean up and that sort of thing. But I don't know what organization it's under. I don't know if it's a government run or if it's a private charity that's put it together. I don't either. But I know that that helps a lot with training and a lot of. Out here in California there's a program like that for juvenile delinquents the ones that are not dangerous. <SEP> And they don't have to be locked up go to these camps. And they do forestry work. They maintain trails. And they put up signs. And they do fire prevention work and certainly things of that sort. <SEP> And that I know is run by the State. But there may be other things. I'm not so sure what kind of training that is for the future for those kids. How much benefit it'll do them in the long run? It's probably a very good way to keep them off the streets and out of trouble. <SEP> But whether it's something that they can put to economic use later on is a different subject. Especially if you take a child that's from the inner city and then put them in a middle of a park. If they go back to the inner city they may not see trees for a while much less be able to take care of them. That's true. <SEP> Good point. So that may not benefit them in the long run. <SEP> But. I'm sorry. I'm going to have to go. But my other line is blinking. Thank you. But it was good to talk to you. <SEP> You too.
sw2603.txt:. I guess my task. I usually ride my bike. I have a stationary bike and a regular bike. And when I can I like to ride my regular bike outside because it's so much nicer. The stationary bike is so boring. Boring. But I have head phones. Plus I have it in the living room. So I either watch T V or we have a fish tank. <SEP> So I watch the fish. Whatever I can do to keep myself occupied. I like to have the T V on because that usually keeps me more occupied. It kind of takes the time away. And I don't realize that's really the only time I ever watch T V is when I'm on the bike. And then usually after I'm done riding the bike just to cool myself down I usually take a walk. And that just kind of gets me to where I'm not quite as tired I guess. But it's definitely a task. You think so? I can't say that I really enjoy it. I wish that I did enjoy it more. But I do it because I have to not because I want to. <SEP> I bought a stationary bike. But I find that if I sit on that seat too long it hurts. And I haven't figured how to get that soft. And I tried even tying a pillow to it. But two years ago I joined the Cosmopolitan Lady here in Plano. <SEP> And I love it. I just love it. So is it just women that go there? <SEP> It's totally women. I think that's what's my biggest problem with going to a health club. Because I don't feel like having a bunch of other people watch me exercise. So I have tried to just do stuff at home. And I just feel conscious about it. I'm not big or anything. But I still don't like other people watching me. I like to be able to sweat have my hair a mess. Feel that if my bathing suit slips a little bit I don't have to be conscious of it being a little bit too low. <SEP> <SEP> And my bathing suit's just one piece. So there's no big deal all the way around. But I don't have to be conscious of what I'm doing or how I'm doing it. And it's a total free relaxation. Because you can do what you want. You're a female. And no one is staring at anybody else or worrying about what anything else is doing. That's what. <SEP> And they've got such fantastic equipment in there. That's great. How. <SEP> And I love the water aerobics. I love the water aerobics. Do they have a pool. Or what is. They've got a nice one. <SEP> They have two types of water aerobics. They call it aqua exercise is what they call it. I've heard that that's really good for you to do. It pushes you because you're pushing against the water in itself. <SEP> So it is double strenuous. But you're not being double strenuous on your own body. Because you're pushing it yourself. So you're doing it yourself. So you don't really feel like you're really working that hard do you? <SEP> When you're in the water? The only thing that I ever felt was every time I stop and start going again because I end up getting two jobs once in a while. I end up having to quit for a while. But I get blisters on my toes on the bottom because I really jump a lot. <SEP> That's funny. I never would have thought of that. A lot of people wear those little terry cloth with rubber soles on the bottom. Especially around the pool. So they just wear them right into the pool. Are they water shoes? <SEP> Is that. They're just little terry cloth things you wear for house slippers with rubber soles so that. <SEP> No big deal one way or the other. That's really funny. <SEP> But I never think about it until after you go there for about a week your toes you start getting blisters anyway. So no big deal. That's. But it's fun. So how often do find yourself going? If you're doing it on a regular basis how often do you go? <SEP> I try to make it at least three times a week. That's really. For a while I was doing it every day. Just going five days a week. <SEP> I wish that I could make myself exercise every day. But I do force myself to do it at least three times a week. Which I don't feel like is enough. But it's at least something. It. I have to force myself to do it like I said because to me I really don't enjoy it. But I know that I have to do it. It's not a question of whether I want to. But. <SEP> When I was working up at The Summit here in Plano I'd leave there. And I'd be at the swimming pool. Actually about four thirty because they start at five to six. That's. <SEP> So I was there by four thirty every night. And the only thing that ever bothered me was my hair getting wet. Because no matter what I did or how I did it I invariably got myself wet. <SEP> But the water only comes up basically anywhere from your waist to your chest I'd say. So it's your choice where you want to go. But I enjoyed it higher. Did you ever. <SEP> I'm sorry. That's okay. Did you ever go to Texins at all when you were working for T I? Did you ever try that? <SEP> I have a bad back. So I'm very limited what I do. <SEP> It's like I can walk. But if I walk for more than fifteen minutes it's going to bother me. Especially when you're on cement or anything that's hard. It will bother me. Then that would. <SEP> It will bother me. I guess then the water aerobics would be probably the best thing for you wouldn't it? What pushed me that way though basically was the fact that when I went in there is wasn't for the water aerobics. I went in there strictly to strengthen my back muscles. <SEP> And she said go for the swimming pool. She says you get just as much if you did the aerobics on the floor. She says in fact you get more. I said because I'm not a swimmer. <SEP> I like water. I'm not scared of it. But I couldn't. I guess I could swim across the pool. But I'm no swimmer per se. But I found that this worked really well. And I came out of there. And I saw my stomach going down well. <SEP> I dropped almost twenty pounds. Just by watching what I ate. And they fix you up with a diet which worked real good. What if you're already on one? I mean. <SEP> What? A diet? When you go in there they wouldn't make you do theirs. Would they? They have nothing to do with that. <SEP> When this one down here opened up I joined as a V I P. And the V I P gives you a computerized diet. And they go over all your health and all your history. And they show you everything to do and how to do it and the whole nine yards. So it became part of the package. So I went through it. It worked out well. But they have packages where they just offer the exercise program. Is that what you're saying? You can just go in there and join just like anywhere else too. I see. <SEP> I just went and took the because they were offering it as an opening benefit. So it's less than what you pay now for going in there after all this time. So it's like when I got laid off. I went back in there and start all over again because it had been a while since I'd done it. <SEP> So I get all the same treatment again. So it's kind of nice. That's. Like I said I like it. I like the heat. I like the. I jump out of the swimming pool. And I go into the hot tub. <SEP> And I love it. That would be really nice. Because I have never. Let me reword that. I think I have gone home maybe once or twice slightly sore. But that's because of my physical condition and nothing to do what they did. <SEP> That's. I knew I was pushing too far. But usually when I go into the hot tub before I go swimming or when I come out I'm totally relaxed when I go home. It's no big deal. So you really do enjoy your exercise then since your. <SEP> It's fun. It's fun. I've gotten on the bike. And they've got the stepping bike where you step. And I've enjoyed that watching how well I can walk up and down stairs. That's. I wanted to get one of those steppers when I bought the bike. <SEP> But most of the others to me are very dull. But I got talked into the bike instead. And I don't know. I really wanted a stepper. I'm considering maybe even buying one of those too. But I'm not sure if I'll get benefit out of both of them. I don't know if it would really do any good having both of them. Which one do you feel is better since you use them both? I get bored very easily. The one nice thing about the bicycle is you just sit. Like you said you can sit and do it and watch the T V and not even really be conscious of what you are doing. <SEP> With the stepper you are conscious of what you are doing because you're basically watching each step as it gets harder and down. So you have a little. You can program the one at Cosmopolitan Lady so to what your gear is. <SEP> I. It would depend upon which one you want. I think now that I've had the bicycle. I would go to the stepper. But if I were you I would go apply to either a health club or one of the others and use it for a while. Because you can buy a month's membership. And see what you feel is best for you. <SEP> Because it all depends for everyone their own what they want to do. Because I jump on the bike here at home. Mine has the handle bars go up and down. So I can sit there and read and listen to music like what you said. And it has no effect on me. So it's boring.
sw3406.txt:. What do you think is the worst culprit for air pollution? I think it's probably a combination of things. Factories that burn coal as an energy source with sulfur and nitrogen contaminants. And you get sulfur oxides and nitrogen oxides. <SEP> Those are the ones I think primarily contribute to acid rain. And I think that's probably hurting us a little bit. It's hurting Germany for example too and some other parts of Europe where they have high industry. So we're not the lone ranger here. I. It's hard to put the finger on what's worse the acid rain situation or the ozone depletion with your hydrocarbons causing the damage in which. <SEP> Hopefully we're backing off from that a little bit. But I know we haven't cured it yet by a long shot. I notice on one of these home shopping networks they were selling these halogen fire extinguishers. <SEP> And the halogen is an ozone depleter. And it got hydrocarbons in there. It's a very clean fire extinguisher. But it's really bad on the environment. I guess I missed that one. Automobiles of course are contributing too. And you know how we are with our love affair with the auto. <SEP> Kind of hard to do anything about that I guess. I know. In the Twin Cities area. I just moved out of there and was kind of happy I timed it just right. But they had a new policy where in order to get your car license renewed you had to meet the pollution standards. <SEP> And. We have that here too. But it's part of the inspection sticker. They put a probe in your exhaust pipe. And the computer reads whatever the ionization is coming out. And so that's the way they're dealing with it here. <SEP> I guess that was just mainly in the cities there. And as far as where I live I don't have to do that. But I have an old car which I doubt would pass the inspection a seventy-six. And there's no way I would put in a lot of money to repair it to meet standards. <SEP> It'd probably be difficult anyway. So although I do what I can to cut down pollution. But. I was just reading an article in MOTHER EARTH NEWS magazine. <SEP> And they've got a new. A lot of places are burning wood. A lot of people are burning wood. Those of us who have. I've got a place in the country. <SEP> And they've had catalytic converters on those on. I think they're required in California and Oregon and Washington. But they've had up those for quite a while. And somebody's come up with a new one that sort of. It's a catalytic converter. It's a plate that fits into the smoke pipe. And apparently it sort of feeds itself. The more smoke is produced. After you get to like five hundred degrees the higher it gets the more complete the combustion is. And it sounds real neat. I haven't seen them priced anywhere yet. But that sounds like that might help solve that problem even on older stoves that don't have any kind of E P A requirements on them. <SEP> That might help a little bit especially in some places. We're really lucky here. We have a prevailing southerly wind that blows just about everything out. Sometimes we get a kind of a. Especially in autumn it seem like we get kind of a brown haze sitting on us. But most of the time it's blowing out pretty well. <SEP> Probably blowing up there to you guys. Around here we get. It depends. Either in the winter time it blows it your way. And in the summer time we probably get yours. <SEP> It comes back. I really think we're doing some important things. Education raising consciousness awareness. I know school kids. I work for the school district here. And this is one of the big things with kids. Kids are writing letters to the newspapers telling adults to clean up their act. <SEP> And it's. I hope we're not too late with it. We're having all kinds of recycling. It that's a big thing too. I know it has nothing to do with air pollution. But I kind of look at the way people treat our.
sw3697.txt:You heard the question. What do you like to do for yourself in car automobile repairs? <SEP> I'll tell you I used to do a lot more repairs when cars were easy to work on than I do now. I do the easy stuff now. I change oil. And then what some people would consider a little more difficult I'll change spark plugs. And I'll change points and do air filters that kind of stuff. <SEP> But I can't do as much as I used to. I used to do a whole lot more but not any more. They're just too weird to work on now. Is that the reason you're not doing it. Or are you so busy you don't have time to do it? <SEP> That's part of it. Part of it is like you said I don't have time. Being a female and being alone I don't do anything but put gasoline in my car and let someone else check the oil even. <SEP> But have you had any major repairs recently? <SEP> On this car I've got now. But I had a van before. And it was only two years old. And it had transmission go out on it. But fortunately that was covered under the warranty. You should feel very fortunate. I had to have a transmission replaced in an eighty-six automobile. <SEP> And I'll declare that's an expensive. <SEP> Maybe I should have just traded the car in. Sometimes it makes you wonder. It just. I have a very comfortable car and I have a health problem that I need a large comfortable car. <SEP>. So I have a new transmission. <SEP> And I'm sure that any of them would have charged me almost the same amount. But. It hurts real bad. <SEP> Did you take it to a dealership? I took it to an independent out in Garland. <SEP> I see. I had. These people were recommended by a neighbor. <SEP> And that's the only thing. I am not a native of Dallas. I see. So that means I have to depend on trustworthy friends. <SEP> And that's. It's fixed. It's running. And I pray that I get my thirteen hundred dollars out of it. <SEP> It's going to run for a while yet. I know it. It certainly is frightening. What work are you in? <SEP> I work for T I. I work in the networking area. <SEP> Do you work for T I? I have just retired from the Southwest Medical Center. <SEP> Where there are a lot of people down there that could help me with my car. But they're all too busy. So. I have to do it the other way. And that's find someone and pay them to do it. <SEP> So I certainly hope you have a nice New Year. I'm planning on it. It can't be any worse than last year. That's for sure. It could be. <SEP> But I don't much think so. That's true. That's true. We're starting out a new one. So let's make it a good one. <SEP> I'm going to try and plan on it. I enjoyed the conversation. Thank you. <SEP> Thank you.
sw3707.txt:We have a Sheltie Collie a miniature Sheltie. Do you? It's about six months old. And we're try-. We live in an apartment. So we don't have a yard. So it has to stay inside. And we're having a difficult time trying to train it. <SEP> How old is it? It's about six months. You're in the roughest stages of pet ownership I think. <SEP> But they're supposed to be real intelligent dogs. But I guess every once in a while you get one that's not so intelligent because this one it. I don't know if that has anything to do with the intelligence really the training bit. <SEP> I've had dogs through the years. Right now I've got two and three cats. And my son and daughter-in-law have kind of a Sheltie mix. And we watched it this summer for two to three months. And it wasn't trained quite fully either. But it was a sweet and an intelligent dog. How do you. What's the best method? <SEP> I don't know. I'm old fashioned. And when I got my dogs when they did something I hollered at them and threw them outside. They say that's not the way to do it now. <SEP> You're just supposed to. Stand outside with them until they. Just put them outside. Unless you catch them in the act. We're hardly ever at home. So it's kind of difficult. <SEP> And you don't want to spank it or scare it or anything like that. So. You don't want to do that. But. We try to take it. It gets frustrating when you take it outside. And then it runs right inside. <SEP> Does it just want to sniff around? And it does it? Does it just want to sniff around and play when it's outside? A lot of times. And it won't it's little job outside. <SEP> And it comes inside. Have you praised it and given it a treat maybe when it does something outside? We've tried that. And there's certain spots in the house where he likes to go. <SEP> And he chews on plants and all that. But that's natural for a little puppy? That's nothing. <SEP> It'll catch on pretty soon I'll bet you. I have a sixteen year old almost sixteen year old Golden Retriever. And she's gone the other way. Because she's so old she doesn't have much control. So we're battling with that problem. That's sad. <SEP> And she still feels good. She can't hear worth a darn or see very well. But she's got a great appetite. And she knows we're there by smell. How old is it? <SEP> She'll be sixteen in May. That's sad. And. <SEP> But we can't bear to do anything because she's been our friend for all these years. Of course not. So we're putting up with all her accidents. I couldn't. <SEP> And the la-. Two nights ago she had diarrhea. And so that was a bad one. But I think we're buying a carpet shampooer this weekend. That is really sad. What's the deal. We're trying to take it on walks now. And we can't because it's not accustomed to being on a leash. <SEP> And so this dog really feels like it's being killed or something when you try to tug on it to walk it. It just goes like a mad dog. It just jumps up and down and starts yapping. And it's not even close to even being trained on a leash. Does it. <SEP> Maybe you can get it signed up this spring or summer for some of the dog obedience classes. We've heard some bad things about some of those. They sometimes misuse their license or whatever. <SEP> They treat them bad. We went to the junior college Richland. <SEP> And we took. My daughter was living at home then. And she took the Norwegian Elk Hound over there. And it's a pretty good class. And they did pretty good except this dog is. She's just pretty. She's not smart. <SEP> So she didn't learn a lot. But I think it calmed her down a little bit. And she's used to being around other dogs now. How long did it take? I think it was a six week program. Every what? <SEP> I think it was one night a week for six weeks. And it was a group class outside. It was fairly reasonable too. Sheltie Collies are timid. And they don't really. Unless they get used to something they're really nervous. And. <SEP> They're usually a high-strung dog aren't they? And if they're not accustomed to something they're really scared. <SEP> Our friend has a.
sw3327.txt:Is it Mike? Do you repair your own car? <SEP> I try to whenever I can. I've always been a product of a handyman father. I tell you what count your blessings because it really is good when someone can do some things to a car themselves. Th-. <SEP>. There's. Although I'll tell you over the years the cars get more complicated. That's why I don't do as much as I'd like. <SEP> Because they've gotten complicated haven't they? One of my first cars was a fifty-six Buick. Which after awhile I could take it apart in my sleep if I needed to. <SEP> Is that right? It got to be pretty straightforward to understand. And now since then the closer a car is to a fifty-six Buick the more I know about it. <SEP> And then start getting into these Nissans and the like. And I just can't keep up. I agree. About all I ever. I never was too mechanically inclined. But I used to always change my own oil and do the points and plugs and. Course they don't use points anymore. <SEP> That's right. But they do still use plugs. <SEP> And now brakes I've always done a lot of changing brakes. And I could always do the alternator and starter. <SEP> I don't anymore. But I have a lot of times. I understand. My last car repair actually had to do with brakes. And it's one I did not do myself. I took the car my. I have a seventy-nine El Dorado took it to be inspected. <SEP> And the parking brake failed. So I got under there and messed with that adjustment to tighten it up. And that didn't do the trick. <SEP> And then I got there and tried to. It probably slipped loose didn't it? Actually that wasn't even eventually the problem. I did everything that I could think to do. <SEP> And eventually I brought it up to a place called Just Brakes. And it turns out that there's a. The parking brake in the rear. There's disc brakes. And the parking brake is a piston deal. <SEP> And because the parking brake hadn't been used in so many years the piston froze up. They ended up having to pound it out. And one of them they were able to get running kind of oiling it and playing with it. <SEP> And the other one it was just frozen solid. So I ended up having to buy one. And all total it was just under two hundred dollars believe it or not to get all that done. Y-. It really wasn't quite as bad as you thought was it? Actually I think it was a lot of money. But I don't like I s-. It was a lot of money. But. <SEP> But I. It got to the point where I didn't know what was going on. So. You had to have the help didn't you? That's right. That's right. Do you still do much work on them then? <SEP> I do. Th-. Actually that was just at the beginning of September. And whenever I can I do try. I. Actually I'd say this. I've gotten to the point where I don't change the oil anymore. Only because. Disposal is a problem. That is one problem. But also these fast oil change places you just can't beat them. That's true. <SEP> For sixteen bucks not only will they change the oil in ten minutes and do as good a job as I can do but they'll lube too. That's true. That. I've quit doing that myself. <SEP> But one of the main reasons was the disposal of the oil. That's right. But it. But. I guess i-. That. And the main reason that it's quick.
sw3040.txt:We. Taxes. Everyone thinks taxes are too high I'm sure. But I think we do get quite a good value for the tax dollars we spend in most cases. What do you think? I think so. I think I'm a little out of the ordinary in that I think I'm more worried about the national deficit than a lot of other people are and think that we need to either raise our taxes or cutback on something. And I don't know what to cutback on to get that settled. At this stage it's hard to tell. <SEP> And I know I'm real out of it in terms of taxes. So I'm think that we really ought to seriously consider what an income tax might do for Texas. And. At this stage I think we've taxed property almost to the limit because the property taxes on the homes have reached the point that it's precluding people from being able to own a home because of the cost of the taxes on them. <SEP> I think so. I know. I live in Richardson. <SEP> And it's up over two thousand dollars a year for taxes on my house. But now we're getting public services the schools the hospitals. And if it weren't for the taxes we're putting in there look what the schools could cost you. <SEP> Now I. When we moved to Richardson one of the reasons we chose it was for the schools. And realizing that that quality of schools might well have higher taxes than other places but that we were willing to go for that because we supported the. Then again the community college system here is excellent for the dollar spent. And the public colleges also the tuition has got to be among the lowest in the country. <SEP>. One of the. I don't know which one it is down there down there that are proposing doubling the tuition. If you double the tuition it would still be considerably less than the public school tuition in most other states. <SEP> I think that's right. That would provide possibly some relief there to utilize some of the property taxes for other things. The so-called sin taxes on liquor and the cigarettes and such as that generate a considerable amount. But eventually I think you may tax people out of smoking even. <SEP> I don't know about that. I. I quit ten years ago. So I couldn't afford to start again. <SEP> I see. That would be true. That would be true. But. I know. My children would give up eating before they gave up their cigarettes I think. <SEP> But all the various taxing authorities that come through I think the one tax I resent the most though is the additional sales tax for DART which is probably never going to be in existence in my lifetime. And even if it isn't going to provide you with any services in that it's not doing to provide a route from your home to a business for instance. This is a thing. I think it's like back east. You had to start your public transportation when you started your cities. You can't come in afterward and really be successful or economical at it. If we had been like a Chicago or a New York City or Philadelphia or someone like that and had a public transportation system starting in the horse and buggy days and when land was cheap and construction costs were cheap you could afford it. <SEP>. But now digging tunnels under Central Expressway and things like that becomes cost prohibitive. <SEP> And. And the other thing is that when the public transportation is established that early on then the business and residential patterns develop to take advantage of that. <SEP> Whereas in Dallas here those patterns were well established before we really tried to do the DART. And for instance all the office buildings and stuff that are out here in north Dallas as opposed to downtown. To try to provide efficient transportation from everywhere around the metroplex to both those centers of business plus everything else that's scattered around here and there as opposed to having a concentrated business area. Like New York does. Just take in Chicago where the people depend on the public transportation system to get them everywhere. <SEP> New York. And some people don't even own a car and know how to drive a car. <SEP> Someone made the analogy with Texans as being like the old cowboys and their horse. An old cowboy would jump on his horse to go across the street. Most Texans will jump in their car to drive across the street. And I'm just as guilty as anyone else. <SEP>. I drive to work every day by myself without even any thought of car pooling. And most people are that way. Because they're used to not having public transportation. <SEP>. So but here again I think I resented where they were collecting the sales tax for five years before they turned a spade of dirt. And doing all these studies and the things. <SEP>. We saw about them traveling to San Francisco to see whether they wanted or twelve foot wide cars or something. <SEP> I felt that was a little wasteful use of the tax dollars that we were paying. A little bit much. The c-. That's about all I can say at this time. <SEP> I think so. I think that will probably do it. So. It's been real nice talking with you. Good enough. <SEP>
sw3962.txt:What is your favorite kind of music? I have to say my favorite type of music would probably be classical music. Same here. <SEP>. What type of music do you like in the classical area. Or what era do you like the most? I guess I like a wide range. Everything from Baroque through at least some modern music. <SEP> And my wife and I these days are especially into opera. We've been sort of opera fans for a few years now. Do you go to the operas that they sing English or go to the ones that they sing other languages? We generally. The places we've gone they sing in the original languages. <SEP> The Dallas opera here normally does I guess. I haven't gotten into that too much because if I don't know the story line and I don't speak the language then I have difficult time comprehending what's going on. One thing that's helped us a lot is that you can buy a lot of these operas now on video tape. <SEP> And so we have quite a collection of those. And you watch them at home. And they have subtitles. So you figure out what's going on after a while. And then you can enjoy it in the theater. But the Dallas opera now has super titles on all their performances I think. <SEP> What is that? They give an English translation on a screen up above the stage. I didn't know that. <SEP> That can help people like me. In fact they even do that for operas sung in English because it is hard to understand the words sometimes. I can understand that. So I'd say Vivaldi is probably my favorite composer. <SEP> I really like Vivaldi. He's definitely one of the top of that era. I like Baroque music. <SEP> I like full body music with brass and winds woodwinds instruments. Course I like also string instruments. And I have two string in my house. Instrument players. Both my sons play string instruments. One plays the cello. And the other one plays the viola. <SEP> So I get to go to at least four or five concerts a year. How old are they? One is thirteen and one is eleven. So they're doing this in school or what? <SEP>. You've got half a string quartet there. <SEP> We're on our way. So I try to enjoy all of it. Since you seem to like Italian music have you ever gotten into Gabrielli or anybody there in that era the period before Vivaldi? <SEP> A little bit. But a lot of the music I don't know about as far as the titles. And I have to listen to it and figure out what I'm listening to. <SEP> I do belong to a Musical Heritage Society. Do you belong to that? I don't. But I think I know what it is. Isn't that a. Can't you get records through that or something recordings? <SEP> You can get recordings. They know have them on compact disc or cassettes or L P -s. And they do a lot of original recordings themselves. I think. <SEP> But they also go to the different composers or the different. What do you call them the guys that orchestrate the conductors. <SEP> They go to conductors. And they actually have them perform the music. And they record it. So they're actually commissioned performances. A lot of them are. <SEP> Or they will find out when they're performing. And they will record the music at that time. And so it is high quality grade music. And of course now they also have a jazz section. And they also have a more contemporary and American composer section. <SEP> I had heard good things about the Music Heritage Society. But if I get involved in one of those things I end up spending all my money on music. <SEP> You can control it. I almost bankrupted myself out of college as a freshman when I got into the Columbia Record Club many years ago. My roommate signed me up. He got a bonus record. And I got a lot of bills. <SEP> I see. So we have to watch that. That's good. Do you play any instrument yourself? <SEP> I play guitar and early years played saxophone.
sw2488.txt:Deanna. On capital punishment in our state they give the death penalty for shooting of a policeman. And I believe also in killing. Someone in the process of rape. <SEP> And I don't really remember what else. But. <SEP> What do you think about it. I think it's justified. Very much so. <SEP> I agree. I. I think it should be in other cases other than just shooting a policeman. I do too. I do too. I think they're doing their duty. But I think if they're going to come out and kill somebody else then they deserve it. <SEP> They ought to get it for killing a civilian just as easily as a policeman. That's right. I agree. I agree. I heard something on the news the other night they were talking about. It was in our little Lewisville paper that comes out twice a week on the front page every week. There's a little thing at the bottom. It's like a call in survey that says do you think so. And then you call this number. And you press one for yes and two for no. <SEP> And one of the questions the other day this last paper was do you think that capital punishment ought to apply to drug dealers. Which I thought was a real interesting question. I think. Did you see SIXTY MINUTES tonight by any chance? <SEP> I didn't. They were showing a segment on a man in Philadelphia that's going after the drug dealers. He's just a civilian. He's a black man. And he just got fed up with it. <SEP> And he said he's had his house broken into and windows smashed and his car stolen three times and everything trying to keep him quiet. But he's organizing people. And they're going out and marching on the corners and taking back their territory. <SEP> I think that's what it's going to take though. I think so. I think. I really do. It's going to take. The police I don't think can do it alone. That's right. I think you're right. <SEP> It's going to take all of us getting together. I'm sorry I'm trying to. My kid is asking for a kiss and a hug so he can go to bed. It's going to take all of us getting together and just saying we are not going to take it any more. <SEP> We won't allow this in our neighborhood. That's right. That's right. And it said they're going to other neighborhoods from there. <SEP> And then quite often they'll get shot because they're horning in on somebody else's territory. <SEP> That's right. That's right. I think they said forty-one had been shot out of one church in the last year. The only thing about the death penalty I know that they try to be careful. And they try to be sure. But these people are on death row for twenty years. I know it. <SEP> An-. If. I think being convicted is one thing. And that's great if they're sentenced to death. To me you could not sentence them to death unless the case was for sure. It ha-. It goes all through the state supreme court system before they're. By the time it gets there. And they've been convicted. And then they've been sentenced to death. They're sure. There's no doubt. I. Then it should happen. <SEP> There can be no shadow of a doubt in my mind. There has to be no shadow of a doubt to get that penalty. That's right. So once they've gotten the penalty and there is no doubt do it. Just. <SEP> I guess that sounds cold. But we're keeping these men in prison for fifteen or twenty years on death row and not doing anything with them. That's right. And it's costing us a heck of a lot of money. And that's terrible to look at it that way. But. It is. I know. But that's the way it is. <SEP> If the crime was bad enough that they were sentenced to death then do it. We had one in Virginia that was sentenced to death. And the execution was to have taken place a few weeks ago. I don't know if there was anything in your paper about it. I didn't notice it. And there was a lot of protest. Even Robert Redford was protesting this guy's execution. <SEP> So the governor backed down. And I was so mad. His crime was just horrible. <SEP> And those kind of people you don't reform them. I don't think. I really beli-. You don't. <SEP> If they're the kind of people that commit these grotesque crimes and have done it over and over and over again you don't reform those kind of people. And being under the influence of drugs is no excuse to me. And I don't know. The same thing goes with some of these insanity pleas. <SEP> If you're insane enough that you can go cut twelve people up into little bitty pieces and bury them in your back yard then can you be helped. I have my doubts. That's right. I do too. <SEP> I don't know. I think there's a point. Some of these plea bargains and all this kind of stuff that they do it just gets out of hand. And I understand that. My husband and I. Wasn't it Lewisburg that had a lot of bad things happening just in the last couple of weeks. Or was it not. <SEP>. Mayb-. I think it was the south east area from Dallas. <SEP> My daughter lives down in Rowlett. And she was telling me about it. <SEP>. I can't remember what the town was some little area. <SEP> We've had several here lately. And it. There were several of them in North Dallas. And then it started kind of happening a couple of places in South Dallas. And that's maybe what you were talking about. Men breaking in to houses and or a man taking little girls right straight out of their beds at night. And breaking in obviously watching them in the house because they're breaking into the right window the little girl's bedroom. And taking them out putting them in a car and driving them out and taking them out and molesting them and then bringing them back and throwing them back in their own front yards. And that's the last they se-. <SEP>. <SEP> Is that right. That is happened. I hadn't heard about that. <SEP> I think there's been six or seven of them over the last probably eight or nine months. They don't kill them? They just mo-. <SEP> They don't kill them. They've tak-. And they're all anywhere from nine to twelve years old is what they've been. <SEP> And he's taken them and raped them and then brought them right back and just kind of thrown them out of the car in their front yard. That's scary isn't it. Can you imagine because it happens in the middle of the night. So these parents didn't know the kid was gone until the kid is knocking on the door screaming let me in. <SEP> Can you imagine. You wouldn't even dare put little emblems in the window saying child in this room in case of fire. Have you seen those? <SEP> Shoo- I've got one of those in Brian's room. I never even thought about that. Maybe I'll take it out. <SEP> I hadn't even thought about it. That's terrible. It is. It's really bad that you have to be. We were over at a neighbor's tonight. And my little boy is just a little over two. And their little boy is five. So there's a big difference. <SEP> And they were playing in the back yard. And we were getting ready to leave. And I went out in the back yard to get Brian. And the boys were gone. And the back fence was open. <SEP> And she didn't act like it bothered her at all. This happens all the time. And we walked through the fence out the alleys come to the back of the house. And I looked down both directions of the alley. And I saw neither one of them. And she was he does this all the time where are you. Screaming J D. <SEP> And my heart was in my throat. And he's five? <SEP> Shoo I guess so. And Brian was two houses down. <SEP> And he. I don't know. I know. Parents around here just let their kids run everywhere. And I just can't do that. There was a little girl picked up in Rowlett from her front yard. And her dad was working in the back yard and had just left her few minutes in the front yard. And somebody apparently drove up and took her. And they never saw her again. <SEP> This is too scary that is just too scary. I let Brian play here in the back yard. And there's two gates that go into the back yard. And we've got one of those big eight foot privacy fences. <SEP> And one of the gates has a padlock on it. And then the other gate just has one of those slide bar things. But it's on the inside. It's. They'd have to come over the fence. They could not open a gate. <SEP> And I still feel a little uneasy about him playing back there. If I don't hear him playing I get up and come out and look out the window real often. So. And watch. I don't blame you. <SEP> It's really scary that you have to be that scared about your kids. But you do. Better safe than sorry. And if they find who's doing that to those little girls as far as I'm concerned he could fry. <SEP> He could fry. To put it very bluntly he could fry. <SEP> Because sometimes there are crimes worse than murder. <SEP> And I believe that. And this is one of them. Because these little girls will never be the same. That's terrible. <SEP> Never be the same. So I don't know. It's really scary. And I don't know what needs to be done. It seems like there's no room in jails to put them in jail. And when they do put them in there. I'm taking a business law class at night. And the guy that teaches it is a practicing criminal attorney. And so he comes in and tell us all these bizarre cases. And he said if you ever get on a jury you can pretty much guess whatever you sentence them to. They're going to serve about a quarter. It's going to be reduced. <SEP> They'll serve a quarter of it. So if you want them to stay in prison for fifteen years don't sentence them to fifteen years sentence them to a hundred. <SEP> Because then they'll serve fifteen or twenty. Which is really. I don't know. It just doesn't seem right. <SEP> It doesn't it doesn't. They just get out. There was a thing on. What are we going to do about it? How can it be changed. Unless the legislature will do something. I don't know. And they don't seem to. <SEP> That's the thing. We're just going to have to adopt a completely different attitude. And we're going to have to say if you commit this crime and if we're sure you commit this crime you are going to be sentenced to death period period. <SEP> And do it. And if you commit this crime you will be in prison for the rest of your life. <SEP> We're not going to say we're going to put you there for the rest of your life and let you out in fifteen years. We're really going to do it. It's just the system has just. And I understand they're doing it because the prisons are full. But somewhere we've got to come up with some money to build more and keep these people in them. I think so. <SEP> I think it would be worth it everybody wo-. I was watching a show about this the other night. And they were.
sw2789.txt:Are you on any kind of regular exercise plan? I do aerobics step classes and toning classes. Step classes? <SEP> What's that? It's a new form I think. It's like low impact aerobics. But it. Instead of hopping and jumping you just step. And. <SEP> You have a step. And you literally step up on the step and move your arms. It's new. <SEP> It's fun. I probably couldn't do that because of my knee. Bad knee. <SEP> And I do toning a lot and some. Every once in a while I play tennis. I'm not too great at it. But I try to play. I've kind of gotten out of the habit myself. It's. I guess what I do now is I play softball right now. <SEP> That's about. Right now I'm on two teams. So it's four nights a week. So I enjoy it. But as far as. <SEP> Instead of having to join a health club and make myself go out there I went and bought a weight bench and don't ever hardly use it. <SEP> Ye-. I need to make myself do that. I slacked off a little because of. I'm about to graduate from college. And so this past couple months have been really hectic. So I haven't really gone. And I've really been faithful these past two months of going to the health club and working out. But. What school you going to? <SEP> I'm at East Carolina. But. I. My step classes and toning is about the only thing. What's toning? Is that lifting weights? <SEP> It's isolated movements for certain muscles groups. You can do with. Isometrics stuff like that. <SEP> You can do it with weights if you wanted to. But you leave out of there. Usually the next morning if you haven't done it in a while you wake up the next morning. You're. What did I do to myself. And your whole body aches. I know I'm looking forward to getting back into getting into shape. I feel like I'm out of shape. But I feel guilty for not going because I'm so used to going for three or four years now. <SEP> I stayed in pretty good shape during school. But. I played baseball all the way through. <SEP> And working out six hours a day usually six or seven days a week that kind of kept us all in pretty good shape. <SEP> But ever since I got out of school just jumped right into the job. And I guess the job that I'm in it's stuff to stay on any kind of a regular schedule. <SEP> Because I work some weird hours and do some traveling. <SEP> Some. I walk a lot because being in school we. I don't know if your campus was anything like ours. But our parking lot's in one end of the campus. And the buildings are all at the other end. You ut-. I didn't have much of a problem. I guess I went to a small Baptist school. And we had about maybe thirteen hundred people. <SEP> That's if. So it's pretty small. But I usually get in at least a couple of miles at work just walking around the plant. <SEP> It's. I live on the second story apartments. So I walk up and down stairs all day long. <SEP> We've got a one story house now. That's enough. I guess I push the lawn mower around. That's fairly regular. <SEP> That's one of the exercise now. I would like to start running. I've never been much of a runner. But I want to start. I want to run. But I don't know if I'll be able to do it. What. Just because you don't like to or because you won't be able to. <SEP> I'm afraid I won't be able to. If you do aerobics you shouldn't have any problem running. I wish I'd. <SEP> I hope not. We ride our bike occasionally but again not nearly often enough. I don't even own a bike. I think the last time I was on a bike when I was about twelve. I don't know. I'd be afraid I probably forgot how to ride a bike. You can't forget how to ride a bike. <SEP> I guess that's about the only form. I'm trying to think of other things that I do that will be considered exercise. There are things I should do. I know it ju-. When I was going to. I went to a junior college for a couple of years and played baseball and then transferred. When we were at this junior college our coach. We. One semester the whole team was required to take aerobics. And the next semester they were required to do weight lifting. <SEP> So they. It was a regular. We had it for course credit. But still it was pretty high impact stuff. <SEP> Those aerobic classes are tough the high impact. Definitely are tough classes. And she'd. Most of the guys were all in one class. So she'd kind of lay it on occasionally. <SEP> First at eight we had. Eight o'clock in the morning was our class. Wake up. <SEP> Now they have those exercise bands now that are better that you can use for toning instead of using a weight. You have bands. I don't know if you've seen them. <SEP> They're weird. I think my wife has some. They're just made of different kinds of rubber. <SEP> And they get. Or sand even some of them. They're elastic. So I guess it wouldn't be sand. And there's some that the different colors denotes how much the tension they are and how easy they are to move. <SEP> I know there's purple gray and green. And some of them are real short. And they're the ones that are the tough ones to use. But those classes I enjoy. I think with the aerobic classes you have to get an instructor that's fun. If you don't have one that's fun and not acting like she's enjoying what she's doing the class is not going to get out what they should get out of the class. <SEP> If the. Are you going to get into instructing? What are you studying? I'm an interior design major. Not in the aerobic instructor type field. <SEP> I could never do that. <SEP> I'd rather just be the student. And Occasionally I do the weights at the health club but low weights just. Some of the Nautilus equipment that I started seeing at the one that we used to go to was really interesting. They really know how to isolate each of the different muscle groups with those things. <SEP> But they are. I don't know. To me that was just too much of a hassle to get all geared up and take the time to drive over there and workout and then drive back. <SEP> I just noticed at our health club they will put on these computerized machines. And you set a speed on it and the weight. And it makes you do it. And it tells you. If you're going too slow it will say my grandmother could do this faster than you. And stuff like a turtle goes faster. And it tells it. And the whole place can hear what this machine is telling you. A little negative reinforcement there while you're going. <SEP> So do stuff like that. But just I've never used those machines. I just use the regular machines and the free weights like little five pound hand weights and eight pound hand weights. Just to do some bicep tricep exercises. Sit-ups of course. That's where I'm really starting to get noticeable. <SEP> I'm just getting real soft in the middle. I think that's number one problem with everyone. I haven't really started to put on a lot of weight. I guess I probably put on about nine or ten pounds since I stopped playing which was about four years ago. <SEP> But I just notice myself just real soft. And I'm sure I don't have near the endurance that I did. But I keep saying I intend to get back into it. <SEP>. I just need to put the old nose to the grindstone. I guess at that point it would turn into a task. I don't consider it fun doing that. But. <SEP> I plan on getting back once I graduate next weekend. Next weekend? Next weekend. <SEP> One week. Then I plan to get right back into it. It does a lot for you I think. Makes you feel a lot better. There's no question the end result is great. And I enjoyed. We. When I was playing ball we could run all day and not be tired. <SEP> And you feel so much better about yourself. <SEP> Just that you don't feel guilty when you eat that cake after dinner. I still don't. But. That's a problem. <SEP> Good luck on your graduation and your. Thank you. It was nice talking to you. You too. <SEP>.
sw2657.txt:. I don't know how much I know about this subject. I don't know if I know anything or not. <SEP> But I've got some opinions on it. Go ahead. Those type of people that have the most opinions ones that don't know anything. <SEP> I've had teenagers. And I now have grandchildren that are teenagers. And I don't know that it might do them a little bit of good to see the world from a different perspective. I think this `` me'' generation has gone far too far. And the young people are overly impressed. And I think it wouldn't hurt them to step back from themselves just slightly and see things from a far more disadvantaged viewpoint. That's true. I personally know nothing about the Peace Corps though. <SEP> Me either. I went to college and then started working and then got married. And. But they have. I read somewhere. And I'm out on a limb here some type of college volunteer work for teachers that they are straight out of college. And they do one year of volunteer work teaching in the lower income brackets of the United States. Have you ever heard about that one? I haven't. I know that my sister. I have a twin sister. And when they graduated she went to teach in a small town down in south Texas. And I know that if you have college notes if you teach in a lower income bracket where they don't pay as much they cancel part of your college note or whatever. <SEP> If it's really a lower paying job where in a small town you don't need as much as far as to live. And this is money that she's borrowed to form her college education? She only taught there one year. But I. But she got credits for it? <SEP> That's very interesting. And I think it would be. I know that also one of my cousins who he is in the therapy type thing. And he was. Some group paid part of his college income. But then he was required to go back and work for a certain number of years in this town at. It's a nursing home or something like that. <SEP> So if. I think that's a good way for people to maybe get people to come back to these small towns to work by helping people that normally might not be able to go to college and get the type of degree they want. I think that is an excellent program. I really do. I like that. And it's beneficial to the small towns too because they really have a disadvantage that we wouldn't understand because we're in the Metroplex. <SEP> As far as getting doctors and all that stuff. If we had some really major health problem that required a specialist we could find one it wouldn't be convenient. But we could find one. <SEP> We wouldn't have to drive and spend the night someplace or something like that. So I can see the advantage to that one. The Peace Corps itself is really dying out isn't it? <SEP> I really don't know that much about it. I think of the Peace Corps more like the sixties and that kind of stuff when. It's still in existence. And don't they go into other countries and stuff? I want to believe they go into other countries and teach them how to do things like farm dig their own wells set up their schools. <SEP> Things that make the. <SEP> Make them more self-supporting? They. It's not a program to teach them to use the American money it's a program to teach them to be more self-reliant. <SEP>. And. You're right. I think it's a sixties program. I think it was one of Kennedy's hot points that he. That was his big deal. But it definitely would give a lot of the kids now that have everything given to them that they want to see what it's like if you don't have all the money and can't have what you want when you want it. I think I've singled out my grandchildren. But actually they're pretty good along those lines as compared to what I have seen from other people's children and grandchildren mine aren't really that bad. <SEP> But at the same time I think it would do them a world of good. But there's a. <SEP> I don't know that you could require everyone to do it for a whole year or two years or something like that. Mandatory just like the draft. <SEP> I don't know that that would work if somebody didn't really want to be there and didn't have. Every time you. <SEP> They could buy their way out. There would be loopholes just like there is in anything else. They'd figure a way around that one in a heartbeat. But I'm wondering if there's another issue here. And maybe this is why this has died out. Can you go into. And this wasn't the question. But it may be the more of the issue versus should young adults. Can they go in there and can anyone go out of. The Kurdish community is a little bit extreme at this time. But I think Bangladesh would have been a good example or some really desperate situation. And teach them to farm and teach them. And it doesn't do any good. <SEP> I don't know that it does. I don't know that if you step back from the current issue and look at it more intellectually there are forever over as long as we know there are races of people that are dropping out. We're losing certain races of people. <SEP> There are people now that are obsolete point and fact just like endangered species of animals so there are quote tribes of people that are endangered or obsolete. And I'm just wondering if you're fighting a natural process there of being winnowed out. There's a German word for it that's elegant. But I never can remember what it was. But they're being winnowed because where they are they're not adapted to their environment essentially. <SEP> And one of the quick examples is the Aborigines. When we were in Australia. Sad little things. I felt sorry for them. Because their society isn't there anymore. And their belief system and all the structures of their society are gone essentially. <SEP> And they're just kind of more like a side show than anything else. And that's sad. But I don't think there's any way the Peace Corps could go in and rescue those people. And I don't think you could have done it fifty or a hundred years ago either. <SEP> So I'm wondering if the Peace Corps is really an effective tool. <SEP> Down here with the Peace Corps we're talking about all these people that aren't even in our own country when there's enough people here that I think probably need help and could be helped. Good point. We've got enough without a passport. There's plenty. <SEP>. I think we ought to worry about our own species. And maybe rather than just require somebody to join the Peace Corps for a year maybe during college maybe have some kind of course where they'd be required to do some kind of community service type work and help people in that area or people in the United States. I wonder now in. And I've been out of school too long to answer this. But I wonder if there aren't some sociology courses. <SEP> There probably are. For. But I'm sure. That's probably people that do that are the people that are going to go into social work and stuff. But I think that it wouldn't really be half bad for everybody not to do something and realize it's everybody's responsibility to help these people. And no-. I'm not saying just give them money. But because they have to be taught to be. That's the last thing you want to do. <SEP> I know that's what my father-in-law was talking about when you give these people money. Or what was it. They were bringing up points asking as far as whether they need to give more money to these people. And that's not really the answer because if they're alcoholics they'll just go out and spend it on booze or something like that. That's exactly it. But. They're not going to take that money you give them and go try to figure out a way to dry out with it. Come on let's be realistic. <SEP> That's just not realistic. Or to find a job where they can learn how to support themselves. <SEP> I guess we're getting kind of off the subject here. But. We're not. I think that's more realistic than making them go in the Peace Corps. It's. <SEP>. I think that's a lot more realistic. I think that we should be spending more time. And again I don't think the Peace Corps is as successful now simply because. It doesn't fit the circumstance anymore. We've got plenty. In fact we've got far too many. You're in Flower Mound? <SEP> Flower Mound. So we're a little farther removed from Dallas and some of the areas where they probably have more of the homeless and that type of thing. I was. That's exactly what I was going to ask you. Have you been downtown recent-.
sw2005.txt:. First I need to know how do you feel about sending an elderly family member to a nursing home? Of course it's one of the last few things in the world you'd ever want to do. Unless it's just really for their own good. <SEP> I'd be very very careful checking them out. Our. Had t- place my mother in a nursing home. She had a rather massive stroke about eight months ago. And I was fortunate in that. I was personally acquainted with the people who ran the nursing home in our little hometown. <SEP> So I was very comfortable in doing it when it got to the point that we had to do it. But there's. I had an occasion for my mother-in-law who had fell and could not take care of herself anymore was confined to a nursing home for a while. That was really not a very good experience. It had to be done in a hurry. We didn't have six months to check all of these places out. And it was really not very good deal. We were not really happy with nursing home that we finally had. <SEP> Fortunately she only had to stay a few weeks. And she was able to return to her apartment again. But it's really a big decision as to when to do it. Is there something else we could have done in checking out all the places that might be available. Of course there's not one on every corner especially smaller areas smaller towns. <SEP>. Probably the hardest thing in my family my grandmother she had to be put in a nursing home. And she had used the walker for quite some time probably about six to nine months. And she had a fall. And finally she had Parkinson's disease. <SEP> And it got so much that she could not take care of her house. Then she lived in an apartment. And that was even harder actually. <SEP>. Because it was just a change of location. And it was very disturbing for her because she had been so used to traveling. <SEP> She had children all across the United States. And she spent nine months out of the year just visiting her children. <SEP>. And that was pretty heart-rending for her. I can imagine. I think when she finally came to the realization that I can not take care of myself. <SEP> That's tough. That's tough. For somebody who for most of their life has not just merely had a farm but had ten children had a farm ran everything because her husband was away in the coal mines. <SEP> And facing that situation it's quite a dilemma. I think. <SEP> My mother. Go ahead. My. Probably one of the biggest decisions that was very strengthening for our family was rather than have one child make that decision than just delegate it. I think that they had a great deal of. All the brothers and sisters got together. And they actually had a conference. <SEP> That's great. And it was probably one of the most strengthening things for our family getting down together and doing that. That's right. And just the children were involved in the decision because it involved just them. And making that decision and then finding a place. <SEP>. And everybody had duties to perform. Whether it was just giving money or whether it was actually taking part in a lot of the decision making like finding a proper nursing home. <SEP>. <SEP> You were very fortunate. And they. I know. And they had seen it coming. <SEP> So. It. I truly wish that if something like that were to happen that my children would do something like that for me. <SEP>. Unfortunately a lot of times responsibilities like that seem to fall to maybe one child in the whole family. We. And it's usually not a very smooth thing. <SEP> I was lucky too that I only have one brother. And fortunately we agreed on exactly what we thought should be done. My mother also was very independent. She still had her own little house and still driving her own car at age eighty-three. <SEP> We were lucky in one respect in that after she had her stroke she wasn't really much aware of what was going on. That nursing home life would not have been anything of her choosing. Of course she would not have been happy there at all. <SEP> But as it turned out the stroke took care of that concern for us. With my grandmother it was such that she did not have the problem with. She was very well aware. And her daughter came and visited her. At least her daughter came and visited her and also her several grandchildren came and visited her every day. <SEP>. <SEP> That's great. And I think that when she passed away it was probably one of the greatest. I think it would be. It was more of a relief for her. <SEP> And. But she was truly aware. I don't know how I would deal if one of my parents came with Alzheimer's. Or something like that which is far more devastating. <SEP> That would be tough. And I think that one thing that they were concerned probably was the fact it wasn't necessarily the quantity of care but the quality of care. <SEP>. That the people that worked there were very interested to make it as close a home environment as possible. <SEP>. <SEP>. It would. I think for myself I see that as probably what everything would hinge upon. <SEP> Is it. How close is it to a home environment. That's right. That's probably the major question. <SEP> I think that great strides are being made nowadays in caring for the elderly in a whole lot of areas. <SEP> Just people are of course populations getting older. It's interesting that the population of the United States is changing because now that so many more minorities where they have had extended families for such a long time. Matter of fact in the United States we used to have extended families. <SEP> It wasn't. But I guess as we become more industrialized and less in a rural situation we choose not to deal with the extended family because we feel it's kind of cumbersome when in reality it makes things much much easier. <SEP>. <SEP> That's right. <SEP>. And things are scattered so much nowadays. I think that perhaps the extended family it maybe one of the solutions to a lot of things even child care. <SEP> Of course there comes other issues whether we feel like they're going to be a good caretaker for our children. But. <SEP> Just because they're grandparents. They raised us after all. Just because they're grandparents that doesn't automatically make them a good child carer. But I think that I've had a lot of good experiences with many people especially where they've had extended family. And I kind of see that perhaps we may need to get close to the family environment and get down to the values of. <SEP> It's. Money seems to be too big of an issue. With what's going on today. <SEP> Realistically it is. And I think that may be perhaps if we put money on the back burner that may choose to alleviate a lot of the problem. <SEP> That would certainly help. We may not have as high a standard of living. <SEP> But actually have a truer standard of living. <SEP> That's just a matter of defining priorities or some priorities anyway. <SEP> I think you're right. I guess that was it. It was good talking to you. <SEP>. Take care. <SEP>.
sw2504.txt:. Do you believe only fifty percent of the people actually vote? I think it's somewhere really close to that cause I think a lot of people believe that their one little vote is not going to make that much difference. And they really don't listen to any of the issues anymore. <SEP> Because they feel like so many of the politicians are crooked? And so they figure why go out and vote. They're going to do what they want to do. They're corrupt anyway. And I think one of the good ways of solving that is everybody likes to come to a party so have a voting party in communities and have the issues there and then everybody go vote together and then maybe come back over and have brunch or something. <SEP> That's the only thing that I can figure out because I've heard so many people say I'm not voting on that one I'm going to go fishing today. Or it won't make any difference if I don't vote. And I think it does. We vote every time. <SEP> There's no question it does make a difference. So far as having a party and then all voting when you have different precincts you would have to have a party in every precinct. <SEP> Because people have to vote in different areas. And not everyone votes at the same place. I personally think that we need to do more along the education lines in the schools and the children from the little ones on up with the idea of the value of voting and the purpose of voting and that one vote does make a difference. But. And maybe let them have some mock elections and stuff and vote for different people in their classes and start really young. <SEP>. That's a real good idea. <SEP> And they are doing that in a number of schools. However probably not enough of them country wide. But it's going to take at least a whole generation of people to get across the idea of voting. Just like it's taking a whole generation of people to finally realize the harmfulness of drugs and hopefully to now with the many programs throughout the country on how to resist taking drugs. <SEP> How to say to it and what have you. That. Perhaps we'll finally get the youth weaned off of it. But I spent thirty-four years in education here in the Dayton area. <SEP> And in nineteen fifty-one the police were telling us about the drug dealers outside the school and how they were just giving away their marijuana giving away their heroin and what have you to get them started. And that was in fifty-one. That's forty years ago that it was already a problem. <SEP> So it's now to the forefront. And people are finally taking some action against it. And we've neglected the value of voting. And what it really means to vote. And we also don't make the issues perhaps in language that people fully understand them. I don't know how it is up there. But down here Louisiana has a bad reputation for their politicians and all. <SEP> I'm sure you heard about some of ours. <SEP> And people are just. It's like they're turned off on voting. And that's the reason I said maybe if you had something like a block party. We're going to have a block party. Everybody's going to get together. We're going to discuss the different issues and stuff. And then we're going to go and vote. We're going to go vote. Maybe they could give something the top neighborhood if you had a hundred percent in your neighborhood or something like that. It could be a sign that they would put down at the end of your block. Or anything like that. <SEP> But it's really bad here. To me it is. It seems like people just don't care anymore. They say it don't make any difference. One crook is as good as the other one. And they don't bother to listen to what any of them have to say. <SEP> And I know my husband we go vote every time. I don't care how small the ballot is if there's one thing if there's one issue. Because the way I feel is if I don't vote then I don't have any reason to gripe. <SEP> To complain about it. <SEP> And I hear so many people saying I wish this would change I wish that. But they didn't go vote. That's right. And like you said if they would start when little kids and start letting them vote and learn how to vote and all. And the importance of it because if you don't vote for your friend over here your friend's not going to have a chance. <SEP> That's right. Tha-. He needs your vote just like he needs everybody else's. Maybe if they were brought up that a way like you said it would. Because I know here until you get into high school then they had the voting machines. And you voted for cheerleaders and different things like that. <SEP>. But they should start that a lot earlier. I. It's the same way with everything in education though. It should begin right down in the first grade. And your very best teachers in my estimation should be first second or third grade. So that the children develop good learning patterns. And you have some success and want to go on learning and continue learning and not wait until they're in high school. <SEP> And then it's too late to try to change them around at that point. But everything should be started on the lower levels. And certainly if the youngsters had that opportunity that they understood that the principles of the country were established so that everyone would have a say and everyone would have a vote and what that vote meant. But you're right from the standpoint that people do have a negative attitude towards politicians. <SEP> And perhaps it's because our campaigns have become so terribly expensive to run that only the most wealthy can do so. <SEP> And they're not always the best person for the job. But they have the money to be able to do it. So that there are a lot of problems along that line also. <SEP> And perhaps the Government. A good idea for the young kids like that too is to have a mock one. And this candidate tells you some things that are going to happen. And this candidate tells you some things. <SEP> Then the kids in that class they are not going to let them vote this time. But they have to do whatever these people whichever one the other people elect do. If they did something like that and started kids out real young and showed them now you're not going to get to vote. But you're going to have to do what that person says. <SEP> They would understand probably by the time they were in high school. They'd be ready to vote. <SEP> That's right. And I think that's an excellent idea. They would put them to realize that they're going to have to do what someone else says even though they didn't vote for it. And that maybe they need to think twice about voting. Some people object during primaries having to declare a party whether Republican or Democrat. <SEP> And you do that in the primary. And I don't know that a lot of people vote in primaries for that very reason. They can declare anything they want. And they can actually rig it. If they really wanted to vote Republican they could go in the primary and say they were voting Democrat and then stack the ballot for someone that perhaps the Republican could beat. But it's just a sad situation. And I do think more needs to be done along that line to help to teach everyone more about what is going on with voting and with nonvoting. So that they're making some more intelligent decisions. <SEP> And it's going to take these young. I think that sounds great. It's going to take a whole generation of my feeling before that's going to be accomplished. They'd have to start when they're real young. <SEP> That's right. It would have to be a child that is just coming into school. Because I'll tell you another thing too now. The first time I voted I never voted in high school because there was never anyone that showed us how to use the voting machines. This sounds dumb. But I did not know how to use those voting machines. And nobody ever showed us or anything. So I didn't vote because anybody that went in there and they asked a question all the other kids laughed at them. <SEP> They thought that was funny. She don't even know how. So there wasn't any way I was going to go in there and vote. And it took such courage you wouldn't believe to go vote the first time because I was waiting for somebody to laugh at me because I didn't know how to work the machines. <SEP>. <SEP> It is. That's bad. And I was out of school. I was a married person. And I didn't know how to work the machine. And it really scared me really bad. Because I thought all these people are going to laugh at me because I don't know how to work this machine. Where if they'd had a class or something or said this is the way. <SEP> Just the opportunity to try the voting machines. It's this is the way it's going to be. And my son was exactly the same way that I was. And I didn't realize it until his senior year. I asked him something about who did you vote for for cheerleader? And he said I didn't go vote. He said there's no way I'm getting in that machine. Then I realized it. So when we went and voted the next time I asked the lady I said I want my son to come in with me. And she said why. He'll have to come back out. I said because I want him to know how to use one of these. And I said I won't turn any of the buttons down. But I want to show him how to use it so that he'll be able to vote. <SEP>. So he went in. And now he's a registered voter. Good. But he would not vote before then. <SEP> And I think that's bad. Sure it is. Here I was. And even of course there's a lot of years between the two of us. But even with that many years between.
sw2734.txt:What's the. It has a death penalty doesn't it? They just started it again too just late or within the past few years. For quite some time just about every one of the states had given up the death penalty. But now it's coming back into favor. <SEP> They find it is more deterrent. My sociology class at S M U's taught us that it was not a deterrent. But now that's just what they said. I don't know maybe if I went back and took a sociology class now they'd say it is a deterrent. If you compare the figures I think that's where they're coming from. Maybe they've changed their minds. <SEP> The. Maybe that's it. Maybe that's it. Because that was back in the seventies. They are. That was before they adopted the death law again. But I myself am in favor of it particularly for. Crimes murders related with drugs or killing a policemen. I think. I agree. But I think it ought to be expanded to include children. I think they're working on something in Austin now. <SEP> And I'm not sure what it is. I just remember seeing a kind of a synopsis of it. Why stop at children? Why not go to adults too? I'm personally very in favor of it. <SEP> Why should we let them set in prison and work on their college degrees after they've mowed down a class yard full of kids or tried to or given their best effort at doing that. I don't care to support them. <SEP> I don't either. But there is something to be said about. Or just for the sake of argument I'm taking a con. I'm against it. You know yourself how many times have you heard where a citizen was wrongfully arrested and served time at a penitentiary. <SEP> Just recently this black man served nine years for robbery. And then there was the black woman that robbed and shot the furrier. And she was set free too just in two examples in Texas recently. <SEP> But she actually killed the furrier. Or someone. She was charged with murder. And then then they decided it was a case of mistaken identity or something. I didn't retain all those facts very well. But I know what you're. What if we make a mistake. That's it. And that's not one of those things that you can turn the wheel back and reverse everything. <SEP> Right now our laws are so liberal that even with the death penalty in effect I don't think that they're going to use it too frequently unfortunately. I like you say yes. Let's have it give them all a shot get rid of them. I guess though where I would have a problem with it if I were on the jury that handed down the death sentence because it was my judgement the person's guilty. Why should they be sitting in prison getting their college degree. <SEP> That's tougher. It's easier to say it on the telephone. And everyone agree that the death penalty's the way to go. It's a deterrent to crime. They shouldn't catch themselves in that circumstance anyway. But to be one of the ones that decide that would be tougher for me. Very true. I agree with you there. I think I'd probably do it. But we could never say what we would do if we're not in the circumstance. That's a real easy thing to say that I would. But I don't know. <SEP> I myself wouldn't want to be on the jury like that. That's an awful lot to expect of a person to kill somebody is what it amounts to. But that's what they did. It. But they did it because they have a warped mind for some reason. Or rather than have a warped mind it was just the only way to get whatever they wanted. <SEP> And they wanted something more than they respect the human life. I guess we both agree that it should be in effect. <SEP> Hang them. I agree it should be in effect. Also I agree there should be a lot of care in the enforcement. So I guess I would say I want it to be in effect. But I want maybe. I have a problem with this too. I think our courts have too many opportunities for them to go back and get one more chance. <SEP> That's true. Just believe in just about any state in the union a death verdict is an automatic appeal. That's correct. It is. It is. And. I'm inclined to agree with you. I think so. There should be a limit as to the number of appeals. There's some. And maybe I don't remember if this is Texas or not that has something about all drug dealers can be sentenced to the death sentence. <SEP> Not just for dealing in drugs. Convicted drug dealers. It. What's the ru-. <SEP> There are certain circumstances. And I don't remember what they are. They're on the distribution end. They're not selling them. They're distributing them. It's for the large dealers is what it's reserved for. <SEP> And they are in effect killing people. I believe it's any capital crime related to drugs. <SEP> I think that's the way it's worded. Is that how it's worded? I knew it was there. But I. Or is it proposed. Or is it passed? I do believe that's in. I wouldn't swear to it myself. I believe it is. <SEP> But I thought it was in effect. I believe you're right though. I think it is. And I have to agree with that. I think it certainly should be one of the options. I've been fortunate with my children and grandchildren so far that I know. I qualify that heavily. <SEP> Because you never know. But to the best of my knowledge we haven't had a major problem yet. But it just touches so many young people. My children are about in the same age bracket. <SEP> It does. I have four sons myself. And the youngest is twenty-eight. So they are all pretty well grown up. And they all went through it going through high school and everything. And knock wood that they have not. I won't say they didn't try it. I wouldn't know. But they. I doubt very much that they're using it now. In fact I'm sure they don't. I think the oldest is thirty-two. And the youngest is probably twenty-seven twenty-eight. <SEP> It's the same age bracket. And there's four two girls and two boys. And I think one of each experimented very slightly with pot. <SEP> And I think that was the extent of it to the best of my knowledge. That's usually the way it is. It's just try it out with their peers. And none of them even smoke. They don't. They never. Strangely enough their mother and I both smoked when they were growing up. My ex-wife she quit when she was pregnant with the last one. And she never started up again. And I just quit about fourteen months and two weeks ago. That's tough. <SEP> It is. I. And it seems to be getting tougher as time goes by. My husband hasn't quit yet. And he knows he has to. And he knows he should. And he knows. And he knows. But he hasn't. I do respect the fact though that he refuses to smoke in the same room with me. He's very conscious of passive smoking. And he's concerned about it but hasn't quite made it yet. <SEP> When I was still smoking I felt that way. If I was in a public restaurant seated at table with non smokers I would try to pick my seat where the smoke would blow away from them. Or I'd hold the cigarette under the table. I've seen all of this. <SEP> But now the shoe's on the other foot. I'm aware of other people smoking now. Charles will not smoke in anyone else's house except our own. He will get up. And he'll go outside. And he's. So when we're invited to people's house he will not smoke in their house. Which I think is good because there's a lot of people that are very. <SEP> Particularly if they have children. And he tries his best. But the actual quitting he hasn't done. He changed brands to a brand he doesn't like. He put up all of his ash trays. He will not smoke in a comfortable position. But still he's done everything the Smokers Anonymous tell you to do except quit smoking. <SEP> It's a long process. There's a trick I use. <SEP> They used to leave my cigarettes in the glove compartment. How neat. And every time I wanted one I have to go outside and just take one. One at a time. And that gets to be a deterrent. He has his in the kitchen.
sw2870.txt:Do you vote regular? I do I try and vote in every single election. Every one. <SEP> But that's just in the past about six years. Before that I really didn't pay any attention at all. That's me. I've never paid any attention to voting. You haven't? <SEP> I didn't use to. But now I really. Because I get so angry about what goes on. And then I feel like I can't really complain too much unless. Unless you have something to do with it. <SEP> But the problem is that I am very liberal politically. And so I hardly ever have anybody that wins that I vote for. Liberal. What do you mean by liberal. Liberal politically. I'm pretty left wing Democrat. So. I don't know anything about politics. <SEP> You don't? What's the main difference between Republicans and Democrats? There's a lot of them. It depends on what issue you're talking about. But Democrats on a lot of issues are more liberal than Republicans. And it used to be it's kind of hard to say now especially after Desert Storm. But I think back in the times when my political opinions were being formed during the Vietnam war and stuff the Republicans were more what they called Hawks which is more aggressive in war and more pro war and pro aggression. <SEP> And the Democrats were the Doves. They were more for peace. And I'm not sure how much that holds true anymore. I think the issues are. And you vote for the Democrats. Or. <SEP> Usually. And Democrats usually are more supportive of public assistance programs. <SEP> And programs to. The big Republican thing is that they vote for less government. They want less government involvement in society. And so they're less apt to vote in more aid to people. Or more they're less apt to vote in programs that involve the government running things. <SEP> Have you ever voted at all? I never have. You haven't? <SEP> How old are you? I'm twenty-six. I know I. <SEP> I don't know that much about it. I don't keep up on it. And I don't feel like I have enough knowledge on it to pick the right person. <SEP>. So that's what they need they said something to improve voting. <SEP> If they could make it easier to find out what's going on. Do you know what I mean? <SEP> To me I didn't know what would have been wrong with. I can't even remember who ran for president against Bush. I think it was that woman. Du-. Wasn't it a woman. <SEP> It was Dukakis from Massachusetts. Dukakis. Didn't he have a woman. Or was that Reagan. There was a woman that was running for vice president for a while. <SEP> That was. Ferraro. Ferraro. That was a while ago. That was a couple elections ago. <SEP> That's okay. That's what I mean. I didn't know what the difference between Dukakis and Bush was. I didn't know anything about Bush or Dukakis. <SEP> What do you think about what you see on T V about them in the news or on the ads. Do you kind of just. I don't remember anything about Dukakis. You don't? But they're all saying that they're going to do whatever is best for their campaign anyway. <SEP> That's what I mean. If they had some kind of public programs where you can just go out and. I don't know. In school they didn't teach you about the government not really. <SEP> You didn't get any government classes? <SEP> It's really hard too. Because before they used to have a lot of. It seems like the stuff that they put out now it doesn't just seem like it. I know for a fact that any kind of stuff that if you wrote and asked for material. What do you believe in. What do you believe in. They don't take any stands on anything. They kind of say what do you want me to believe. Or they word it so that it's really hard to tell where they're standing on certain issues. I'm not sure they're. I know how they do it. <SEP> It. With the abortion issues and stuff. They have to kind of take a stand on some things like abortion and things like that. So that's kind of how I judge. There's a few things where they have to say like abortion or gun control. Or let me see. I try to look at if some of the newspaper articles or the. I don't trust T V as much. But newspaper articles can show how they voted in the past. But you get. <SEP> It all depends again on who's writing it and who they're for because they can slant that too. And like I said most of the politicians I'm. Also the politicians put out what makes them look good anyway. And everybody's got stuff they don't want known. <SEP> Everybody's got a secret. So. I'm sorry. I didn't have much knowledge. That's okay. Do you think. I don't even remember this being on there. <SEP> What would it take. This is really good actually to talk to somebody who hasn't voted. What kind of. Incentive? What kind of stuff would you like them to do so that you would know more about it. Send stuff in the mail or have it at the library. Or. I guess that would be good. I'm sure they've got it at the library. <SEP>. If I get to the library. I've got two babies so I don't. <SEP> Do you? That will tie you down a little bit. But I don't know. Or do you feel like it's not really going to make that much difference if you don't vote. Or. I know if enough people think like that it would make a difference if people stopped thinking like that. <SEP>. A lot of people they'll vote the way their family votes. <SEP> Since you're Democrat? Then your kids or whatever will follow you and just vote Democrat. <SEP> Not in my family. <SEP> We're really independent. All split. But a lot of families do that. I know a lot of wives feel like they have to vote the way that their husbands vote. <SEP> And that kind of keeps from getting a lot of issues resolved. I lie. But. I don't know. If I did understand politics I probably would vote more. <SEP> But like I said if I voted for Bush. Or when Gary Hart was running a lot of women would have voted for him just because he was nicer looking. Hart? <SEP> Not that I think he was good looking. But he was young. <SEP> And then I didn't think that was right because he may have been a good president or whatever. Because it. What. He had an affair. <SEP> And it just threw him out of the whole running. And a lot of people go by their personal life when they vote. And. <SEP> Which I guess if you got turmoil in your personal life you're going to let it come into work. But I'm sure there's a lot of people that have had. <SEP> I think everybody does. It just depends on how well you can hide it. And I. That's very true. I think that doesn't really have that much to do with unless they've done something really horrible or something real abnormal. <SEP> Criminal or something like that's different. But if him and his wife weren't getting along. <SEP> But otherwise. What effect does that have on him running for president. Do you know what I mean? <SEP> It's all so secretive. We really don't see the true person anyway. That's right. <SEP> I think that's having a big effect on how poorly that the country is being run that the people that want to get elected are turning it into a popularity contest by advertising the things that really don't have anything to do with how well they do the job. But they're trying to find an excuse not to deal with the issues that people really want to know about because on those issues you have to say yes or no. And if they don't say yes or no then maybe somebody will vote for them that wouldn't have if they had come down on the wrong side. Do you know what I'm saying? <SEP> So they just try and make it a personal thing. If you remember any of the T V commercials from the last presidential campaign they all had pictures of Bush walking around with his grandchildren. And even from Reagan it looks like a McDonald's commercial. That's about what it looked like. What did you think of Reagan as a president? <SEP> I just thought he was really inept. I don't think he did anything at all. They just kind of sat him up there like a puppet. And the people that were. Do you think he won from Carter because of the hostages that were held at that time? I think that was part of it. I think there's a lot of thin- the economic problems that the country was having at the time and the recession and stuff. <SEP> People just had a picture of Carter as not being real capable. But he actually. This. I thought he was great. I thought Carter was good too. And that was. Did you? I always liked him. I thought he was great at the time. And I just couldn't get over the fact that Reagan beat him. I just couldn't believe that he got voted out. But I think I wasn't. Let's see. That's been about ten years ago? <SEP> So I was only fifteen or sixteen. But I remember Carter. And I liked him. You did? Have you heard stuff about him lately. Do you know what he's doing? I sure don't. <SEP> He is really active still politically. He's been overseas. You remember when he was in office he did a lot of stuff for the Middle East for pe-.
sw2691.txt:Jay where do you live in Texas? I live in Dallas. In Dallas. <SEP> Right at the intersection of the busiest highway in the state. And it goes east and west and a north south tollway. What's that the I Thirty and Central express? It's. It's called Six Thirty-Five's the highway. <SEP> It's the looper that goes around the city. <SEP> And then the tollway is called the Dallas North Tollway. Just moved here about a month ago after twenty-one years two miles to the east. Is that right? <SEP> How about that? So it's a very different house from the typical Dallas house. It's a new home? <SEP> It's about eight years old. About eight years. <SEP> It's a duplex type thing. Very modern and very open and light. <SEP> So it's different than the long Texas ramblers. We live in a brick story and a half. <SEP> What's your house like? Cape Cod style I guess you'd call it. And have a big sun room on the back of it. <SEP> So it's got a lot of openness and light also? It doesn't? It doesn't have. <SEP> That's what my wife really wanted. And so. With openness and light? That's. I understand that. I would love that too. <SEP> Our last house wasn't too bad. But it was just too traditional. And so if. This is very traditional. <SEP> The next time probably a year and a half from now we're going to try to build. So make one really contemporary and very modern and very open and very light. Do you have children at home? <SEP> I have three in college. Three? They usually get back at least two of them for the summer. But. You still need space plenty of space. <SEP> Still need a little bit of space. We have a lot less than we had recently. <SEP> Already cut back. <SEP> How big is your place? It's about twenty-five hundred square feet I guess. That's good size. <SEP> It's four bedrooms and two baths and that. We had. It has one wing built on that's a kitchen family room and then the big room on the back. <SEP> We had four bedrooms two and a half baths in the place we just left. <SEP> So now we're down to two and two. Two and two. So it won't be terribly wonderful when the kids are home. But it won't be that long because we not sure. <SEP> I was just reading an article that there were nineteen thousand properties available in Texas for sale by the Resolution Trust Corporation? Repossessed. <SEP> And if you can find one in the right area you can really pick up a steal. I guess so. <SEP> We really didn't go that route and didn't look. But the planning of them. And the housing market probably still going to even go lower. There are many houses for sale just by the regular route. That's discouraging if you own property. <SEP> And we just decided sell. And we got a pretty good price for what we had. Not as good as it would have been three or four years ago. Few years. <SEP> But that was just the timing. Our daughter and son-in-law moved back up here. About a year and a half ago and had their house on the market down there. And they never did sell it. So they stayed six months. And she got her job back and he got a job down there. <SEP> Because. They're not moving very well. <SEP> For sure. And that's a good example of it. They live in Rowlett. <SEP> I know where that is. We've been here for twenty-five years. Have you? I'm from Missouri. And my wife's from Kansas. So I teach at a college here. <SEP> So it's sort of home now. What college are you teaching at? <SEP> I'm at one of the Brook- it's called Brookhaven College. It's one of the community colleges. And it's just about two miles to the west of where I'm living. <SEP> So it's very nice very convenient. The only one I know is Richardson. <SEP> Richland College it serves Richardson and Garland. Garland. And that's about nine miles to the east of here. <SEP> So it's good to hear from you. I enjoyed talking to you. And I hope we did them some good on their little computer dealy. <SEP> I hope so. <SEP> And have a good life the rest of it. Thank you. Same to you.
sw3075.txt:Lynn do you want to start? Certainly. <SEP> Do you want to tell me about summer vacations you've taken. Or. I tend to take two kinds of vacations the vacations to visit family and the vacations to just have a week being cultural and going to the theater and doing sight-seeing and things like that. <SEP> Which is your favorite? I couldn't live without the family vacations. But my favorite is the indulgent ones where we go off and see places that have interested me since I was a kid for the most part. <SEP> And. Your family doesn't live close then? Not anymore. They've been in San Diego for the last few years. And they're moving to Florida. <SEP> And that's one of those things. You just have to go once a year. I understand. Basically it sorts out into that. And then about once every three or four years I try to get over to England because I lived there for a while some years back. <SEP> I've only been there once. And I'd love to go back. <SEP> Beautiful country. Beautiful country. And it was. Beautiful people. It. <SEP> But. And I'd really like to go because I'm fairly recently married. We had a great time. And my husband has been hearing about these people for years. But he's never met them. So I'd like to do that. But that's our typical vacation. And we enjoy the family vacations. But the other ones are very special getaways. And we probably take one of each every year. How about yourself? We as you do take family vacations sometimes one a year. But this year we're not going to be taking one for several reasons. But vacations we really enjoy. I think we've been on three cruises. <SEP> I've never been on a cruise. And we really love cruises. We've gone on CARNIVAL CRUISE LINES. <SEP> And we've gone fairly inexpensive as most cruises go. We usually book just a month before it's ready to go. And we get upgraded. Last two times in fact we had an outside room. And it was beautiful. <SEP> And we like not having to take our suitcase in and out of hotel rooms and drag it all around. It's kind of. What do you do on a cruise? I've never been on a cruise. You do everything. <SEP> You can be as busy as you want to be or as laid back as you want to be. You can sit in the sun all day around the pool. Or you can take part in the games that they have going on. They always have bingo. They have a casino. They have a massage parlor. They have exercise. You can do anything. And that's just aboard ship. And then when the ship docks you get to go sight-seeing and shopping. <SEP> And that's quite fun. And where have you been on these cruises? Nassau San Juan Saint Thomas. We've been there twice. We went two cruises that hit those islands but with different people. We've gone with friends each time. <SEP> I see. And then we went to the western Caribbean which is Port Cancun Cozumel and Ocho Rios. The Mexican coast. Pardon me? <SEP> That's all Mexico I think. But it was wonderful. So we really like those. And I guess we just like to go someplace entirely different. We've been to a few places in this country. We still have a lot to see though. Where are you from originally? We're from Illinois originally. <SEP> And we've been down in Texas eighteen years. And so like you we always try to make it back home to see the relatives. We both still have family there. And that's fun. It brings back a lot of memories. <SEP> Things are different there though. They're. I don't know. It's just entirely different world than this area. I grew up in Dallas. So it's not like I'm going home. Did you? <SEP> My parents retired first to San Diego. And they're going now to Florida. And so they're going very nice places. Thank God. <SEP> That will be a pleasure to visit and get to know. I really came to love San Diego and feel very comfortable there. They've been there eight years. <SEP> And I just grab the car and drive everywhere. That's great. It is nice. But it's not home. This is home. And I've never thought about a cruise. It's so funny. They really are. As I said we've done them three times. We'd be going again this year if circumstances hadn't changed. We'd probably go. <SEP> My husband would. The minute I said the word he's chomping at the bit. He kind of likes the casinos a little bit. <SEP> But I like all of that. What's the best part from your point of view? I like seeing other countries and shopping in other places. <SEP> I like shopping. I can shop anyplace shop in London and France and wherever. Now my kids are moving to Toronto. So we're going to be able to go up there. That will be nice. So I'm kind of looking forward to that except I hate to see them go. <SEP> But. Don't go in the winter. That's what everybody says. And I think it's. I think I'll try to stay away except my second grandchild will be born in the winter in January. <SEP> So that will be hard to stay away from. There are exceptions made for special occasions like that. <SEP> But the ordinary thing is to stay out of the north in the winter and get out of Texas in the summer. Isn't that the truth. That sounds wonderful. I guess I would contemplate going on a cruise all circumstances permitting it. There's all age groups too. And that's kind of fun. If you sit at a table with a lot of people for your meals you meet different people. <SEP> You may meet people thirty years older than you or younger. And everybody is really interesting. And everybody is there to have a good time. And. How long are the cruises? We've only gone on the seven day cruises. <SEP> They have shorter ones. And then they have ten day ones. But I think seven days is long enough for us. By that time we're ready to get home and get back to our routine. I think most vacations seven days is enough for us. We've gone. I think when we went to England and France we were there ten twelve days. And that was pushing it a bit. <SEP> I tend when I spend enough money to go overseas. I go for a long time. That makes sense it really does. We went to Panama too. <SEP> That's interesting. Went to Panama last August. Our son-in-law is from Panama. <SEP> And we went with our daughter and son-in-law to visit his parents who live there. And his father is a doctor. And his mother is a kindergarten teacher. And they took time off. It was their winter. And they were having a little break. So they took some time off that they could show us around. And it is a beautiful country. <SEP> It is beautiful. They have mountains. We were an hour away from the mountains or an hour away from the shore. That's really nice. And it is gorgeous. They live in a small town called David which is northern Panama up near Costa Rica. <SEP> And it's just a gorgeous country. Most people don't realize it. I think if they could get tourists coming to their country they'd improve the economy considerably. Maybe now things are calming down again. That will happen. <SEP> We really hope so. That's really great. <SEP> As I said basically all I've done is go back and forth to parents. And. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. <SEP> And my husband had a conference in L A. So we spent a week in L A. And of course. Do you like L A? I'm very unusual. I like.
sw2095.txt:Have you lived in this area long? I've only been here a couple of years. <SEP> But I've noticed that this year it seems to have been a lot warmer than it has in the past. It's a lot warmer a lot drier too because usually about this time of year you see a little bit more rain. By mid February we start getting a lot of rain. I remember last year or the year before we had ice and snow. But it. <SEP> Terrible ice storm around this time of the year. And this year it's been so hot and sunny. It's really quite amazing. Unseasonable. My wife and I we used to live in San Antonio couple years ago. <SEP> And it was the first day of Spring. It was so much ice that came down later on that afternoon and evening. It was horrible. <SEP> I was just talking to my son today. He's up in Boston. And it was twenty-nine there. And it was in the seventies out here. And it was really. <SEP> He really wished he could be here rather than there. I don't know. I guess I'm just sort of acclimated to colder weather. I like it warmer. I like it warm. But it doesn't really matter. I would much rather see it cool at this time of year anyway because it would mean a little bit more rain possibly. But. <SEP> I have. I don-. I think it's really been delightful. I've spent most of my time in warm weather areas. And the ice and snow just doesn't hold any allure for me at all. I spent three years in Germany. So I'm not too thrilled with the whole thing anyway. But I got used to it. It was really strange. When we came to San Antonio it was just swelter. And then we got used to it. And then we went up to Dallas. And it was just. It's not that it's just hot or dry. It's just not very comfortable. It just. <SEP> Her-. Do you think San Antonio is more comfortable than Dallas. A little bit. <SEP> You must. It must be quite a bit hotter down there isn't it? My wife and I the last day we were in Florida visiting my parents and my brother and sister. We were down there. And the last day right before we left I had to ride with my sister. And the air conditioning went out on the car. And you just get used to air conditioning all the time. <SEP> And this. It was just. The humidity was eighty percent plus. And it was just killing us. It's terrible. Orlando is the only place I've ever been where I've seen the car sweat. <SEP> That's really bad. I guess I've been in some places where the weather was just so mild places like Monterey California or. Just so mild. And then you've been to such extremes like San Angelo Texas where you walk outside and you sweat. You're sweating. <SEP> You look down at your arm. But you see the water leaving your arm. It's so hot you just feel it pulling away bizarre. <SEP> I know I tend to be able to get along with monotony in the weather when it's very temperate. It doesn't. Some people say they like to watch the changing of the seasons. But I'd rather like southern California have it kind of sunny and temperate all the time. <SEP> So it's kind of a luxury. I tend to agree. But I don't know. I think in some respects it probably more tolerable. I guess the weather isn't as lively a topic as some of the others we might have gotten. The other topics. I got one topic. They said talk about the Middle East situ- <SEP> I guess we're supposed to say good-bye or something and think about what. My daughter is here prodding me to say good-bye. We messed up the conversation anyway. I've had some pretty controversial topics. So it's just that was my fault. But then the weather's. It gets pretty mundane. You can only talk about the situation just so long. I know. Weather's just not all that inspiring. It's nice talking to you. <SEP>.
sw2858.txt:What do you think are some current trends in the way families spend time together based on what you've seen. I think that it's getting to where they're not spending time together. <SEP> I think in my situation today on a weekend when couples are supposed to spend time together my husband's been off doing his thing all day today. And I've been off doing my thing all day. And I haven't seen him since eight o'clock this morning. So. Are you newly married. Or. <SEP> Two years. Same situation here I've been married about ten months. So. I know what you mean. It's really hard to find time to spend together when you both work full time and you both have hobbies that are different. <SEP> If you have hobbies that are the same then you can enjoy your hobby together. But my husband and I have different hobbies. Is he a hunter and a fisher and all that. He's a record collector and a Hot Wheels collector. That's wild. <SEP> So he was off today looking at records. And I was off doing household type things. Laundry. <SEP> And did some shopping and stuff. From the people I've talked to a lot of the dads said that they would probably choose careers where they could manage their own schedule. And they could spend more time with their kids. Because they look back. And they're all kind of regretful I think. <SEP> I think that would be the ideal situation. I think that would be the ideal situation. I think that a lot of people. In my case I do shift work. <SEP> I don't have that choice. Same here. I have to be at work at X hour at a certain hour. And it's not flexible. <SEP> It would be nice to be able to have flexible hours. And maybe after we decide to have kids I might find a job that has flexible hours. I hope so anyway. But I don't know. At T I is that where you work? It's really kind of sad. Some of the people that I work with when I worked on second shift their kids go to school during the day. And then they wouldn't see them at night because they would be at work and the kids are all ready in bed. <SEP> And so it was kind of like they see their kids for fifteen minutes and the same with their spouses. This relative may work even a weirder shift like weekends or something. So it was really sad that a lot of families have to have dual income. A lot of people choose to which is fine. <SEP> But then the kids kind of suffer. It would be nice to be able to just have like back in the old days back when I grew up. <SEP> The mom stayed home and raised the kids. My mom didn't go back to work until I was in junior high school. <SEP> So she was there pretty much all my formative years. And that was nice. And I liked that. And I would hope that I would be able to give that to my kids. <SEP> But I think with the way the future is economy wise. I don't think it's going to be realistic. I know. Unfortunately that's probably true. Do you think the parents spend quality time with their kids. Are do you think it's more like watching T V and stuff like that not really. I think very few spend quality time. I think most of the time the kids are usually off watching cartoons or playing video games or stuff like that. <SEP> I think that most kids that I see they don't really value quality time. It's always that way until it's too late. Until they're older. And then they look back. It's true. What are some other questions they have. I'm not sure. I know my parents are growing up. I guess they never spent much time watching T V. In fact I've never seen my mom turn on the T V. We didn't really have one. <SEP> And they spent a lot of time outside with us and stuff. But my dad had his own business. And it was easier for them to do that. But I don't know. I guess I didn't realize what a luxury it was at the time. I think kids now a days are raised on T V. T V -s a surrogate parent. <SEP> That's a good way to put it. And not a very good one at that. That's a pretty good way to put it. If you had kids what kind of things do you hope to do? <SEP> I hope to of course be able to teach them right from wrong. I hope to be able to spend their growing up years being in the home not having to work. And being able to do. I know a lot of people who. I work part-time also. And I. A lot of people that I work for are mothers that stay home. <SEP> And they do a lot of volunteer work. And they're real active in the community. And they do a lot of things with their kids that they wouldn't ordinarily be able to do if they were working. And I'd like to be able to do that. I'd like to be able to stay home and be able to spend time with my kids. Do volunteer work and be in clubs and stuff. <SEP> I agree. I hope that happens in my case. But I think that's for the few and far between. I think that probably ninety percent of the parents out there are probably working parents. <SEP> And I don't really see that trend changing much. If anything I think there's going to be fewer and fewer single income families. I know. <SEP> And what's sad about that is day cares end up instilling values in your kids. That may not necessarily be consistent with yours. <SEP> I don't even know what day care is really all about because I never went to a day care center. I never had that kind of experience. I don't even think we had. I don't even remember them being around when we were little. <SEP> It seems like that's a big trend in the last ten years. Day cares have popped up and become a lot bigger part of the kids' lives. It's like a home away from home for a lot of them. Is. I guess we could ring this off since we've exhausted all of our ideas. We seem to agree. <SEP> I think this is a good closing point. So. It was really nice talking to you. You too. I wish you the best. <SEP> You too.
sw3720.txt:Donna you said you have three children. What kinds of activities do you spend with them? Is it? We have an eleven year old an eight year old and a three year old. And my husband he coaches basketball with Brian. <SEP> So he spends time doing that with him planning and practicing outside. He's a real sports kind of person. So he plays tennis with the kids. We all kind of play tennis as a family. Except the baby plays in the playground. <SEP> We take turns with her. Let's see. We have a computer. And we do a lot of things with the kids on the computer. Let's what else we do. Plus we watch a little T V together. We really don't watch as much T V as a lot of people. We don't have H B O. We do get the Disney channel for the kids. <SEP> My kids have a Nintendo which they play. And my husband sometimes joins them with that. My little girl Jennifer likes to do crafty things. And I'll take some time and do that with her. And of course we always read a bedtime story at night. And even the older kids sometimes sit down and will join in and listen to a story. I'm basically the story person because my husband doesn't have. <SEP> He gets home from work late or whatever. And once in a while he'll read the story to little one. But that's basically my job. So do you find it difficult to find time. Or is it pretty natural? <SEP> It is. It is hard because at the end of your day you want time for yourself. <SEP> And it. And that's kind of cutting into your time. And with the kids getting older now on the weekends they get to the bed at ten which really is late. <SEP> But on school nights the two older ones get to bed about nine. They go upstairs at nine. And now this weekend we'll have a baby-sitter come. And my husband and I will go out to dinner and come home probably not too late. Maybe Brian will still be up and spend some time with him. But it's really hard. You have to be a very unselfish person to spend a lot of time with your kids I think. Do you work during the day? <SEP> I don't work. Last year I had a little part time job in a private high school tutoring high school students with learning disabilities. That was two days a week. And even just those two days just seemed like it was a lot. I don't know how. I admire people that can do it all. <SEP> But with three kids and laundry and keeping the house the way I want it kept it is hard. I can imagine. <SEP>. Even just finding the time to do the grocery shopping and everything. <SEP> And that's another thing. I'll take one of the kids with me grocery shopping usually on the weekend. And that's kind of a special time for just myself and my little girl or myself and my son. And they'll be my helper. And then they'll get to pick out some of those favorite snacks that they get to pick out. So I try to do things like that. But it's. <SEP> And then of course they have a pretty busy social calendar too. You fit it in with all that. What do you feel are the current trends in the way families spend time in general in America? <SEP> I think a lot of people set their kids in front of the T V and H B O and rent movies and kind of leave them to their own means. <SEP> I think it's very very easy to fall into that trap. And I'm not totally innocent of that because there's times when you just stay here watch a tape. <SEP> But I think different parts of the country. I think in Plano and maybe this area in Texas there's a lot of community activities that parents could join in with their kids. People are real sports conscious and really get involved with their kids sports activities and. That's good. <SEP> But. Families are facing a challenge. I know that with. <SEP> What. I'm a newlywed. And we're thinking about having children sometime in the next couple of years. And. <SEP> And it's very hard because when you get used to two salaries it's very hard to cut back to one. But if you have the type of job. I have a friend that's a nurse. And she can pick her hours. And. <SEP> That's a great career. I wish I would have gone into nursing. Because she has such a flexible schedule. But it's very hard to spend time with the children and your husband and do everything at once. <SEP> But I do feel like it's important that you make the time for children because. I think it's a big responsibility. You just don't have children so that you can continue the lifestyle you had when you were single. <SEP> When you have children you have to say this is different. And you do have to give things up. I personally feel that it is extremely important to be with your own child at least for the first two years of their lives. If you can possibly swing it. <SEP> Because they.
sw3646.txt:What do you think about the school system? I think they're having a lot of trouble right now. I know my son goes to a private school. But I think big city public schools by definition are having a tough time right now probably from budget cuts and everything else going on. Why did you choose a private school? <SEP> I had one that needed to be able to be moved along at a pace a little faster than he was going to be able to be moved in public school. So he has been going to private since kindergarten. Public school. Has he? <SEP> Then how does he like it? He's loved it. He is a senior in high school this year. So he's. So he's been there all the time. <SEP> He's done it the whole twelve and so many years. And it's been really good for him. How big of a school is it? <SEP> Overall on campus about twelve hundred but in the upper four grades about four hundred and something. So it's maybe a hundred per grade. A hundred per grade that's a good size. It really is. Kind of gives them the. I get a little leery of the real small ones that they don't get much interaction with kids. But. <SEP> We were kind of looking for one that would be a mixture. And he's done really well. So they don't. That's good. <SEP> And he was just ahead at an early age. And I didn't feel like what was available particularly in the first three grades. And even in the fourth grade where they started what they called reach was still a pull out one day program. <SEP> And I just didn't think that was going get it. I thought he needed to be exposed to a situation where he could push ahead every day. But yet still be with his peers age wise. Still enjoy the. <SEP> One thing I think I've noticed is my oldest is in kindergarten. So I'm in a little different ballgame. You're just getting started. <SEP> I'm just starting her. But seems to me that kids these days can really get away with murder. And the teachers aren't respected as much. And they have to be so careful of the things they do and say. <SEP> I know. That's a big problem. And makes me a little nervous that students don't seem to show that respect. And. <SEP> We wouldn't have thought of crossing a teacher when we were in school. <SEP> Wouldn't have thought of it. And they'll stand there now with them toe to toe. You wouldn't. And. And the things they can say and do to a teacher. I think that's wrong. I think we need to get back to show some respect. And course I guess the teacher used to warrant that. But. <SEP> But a lot of times it's not being taught in the home anymore like it used to be basic respect for elders and adults particularly in responsible positions I don't think have had that basic upbringing in a lot of cases. For other people. <SEP> And. And so then you wind up with little brats on your hands. How do you think that that's happened? You think our society's just stopped talking out. Or this generation's just kind of changed a little bit. <SEP> I guess I. The world changes. So obviously kids are not the same now as they used to be. <SEP> They're exposed to a whole lot more things. They have a whole lot more variety of things that they see and do at an earlier age. So life is not maybe as simple as it was at one time. But I think it goes back to a commitment by the parents to teach basic values and basic respectful -ness of authority. And I just don't think that this doesn't always get emphasized anymore. That just isn't coming through is it. <SEP> I remember it was a big thing when they let girls wear Levi's. We used to have to wear dresses. <SEP> Had to wear dresses didn't you? And then you had to go to dresses. They had to be a pantsuit. And it was polyester. And it had to be matching. And. <SEP> And when it was skirts it was get down on the floor. And we hold the ruler up here. And it's no more than so many inches above the knee. <SEP> Because it was mini skirt time back there at one time. So it's really changed. It's really kind of gone the rounds. So I think that maybe that's effected it to some degree. They say you kind of act how you're dressed a little bit. So I. <SEP> I think that probably does have something to do with it. And it's also. This school your son goes to do they require to wear a uniform. Or. They do not do uniforms although one where he was between second and eighth grade did. <SEP> There are quite a few of your s-.
sw2435.txt:What kind of movies have you seen lately? A lot. The last movie I saw was the NINJA TURTLE movie. Obviously you have kids. <SEP> That's right. But my preference is the one we saw before that was SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. I haven't seen that one yet. That's an excellent movie. The last movie I saw was SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY. <SEP> Was that good. I heard. I'm not a big Julie Roberts fan. But I was a lot more impressed with her than I thought I would be. <SEP> That's good. It turned out to be a better thriller than I was expecting it to be. It was a pretty good movie. <SEP> SILENCE OF THE LAMBS kept me on the edge of my seat. I'm ready to go. It just. It's hasn't worked out that way yet. It looks good if you like thrillers anyway. <SEP> It is. <SEP> And I do. In fact people I've talked to said that they hadn't slept real good for a while afterwards. So. I love them like that. <SEP> I'm not. I like all ranges of movies. But I like that where they run tense. I really enjoy. They keep me guessing the whole time. It was really interesting. What other movies have you seen then lately? <SEP> Other than the. I assume you were talking about the new NINJA TURTLES. The new one of course. Is that any good. I'm sure I'm going to be seeing it because in a week to Amarillo where my sister lives and she's got two boys that I took to see the first one. <SEP> So I'm sure I'm going to see the next one here real soon. Amarillo. I didn't see the first one. My husband said it was about the same lines. Then it won't be too bad. <SEP> So. It wasn't impressive necessarily. But it was better than it could have been. And I was impressed with the fact that it wasn't that childish. <SEP> You know what I mean. It wasn't. My daughter's five. She understood everything. She goes to almost all movies with us except R rated. And she really enjoyed it. But it was on a higher level where there were some things that kids didn't understand that adults did. And I liked that. I think that's important if parents are going to have to go you ought to make it at least semi for them too. <SEP> That's right. That's right. <SEP> It's pretty good. But we take her to just about every movie. And she does really good. We've taken her from real young. And she does real good. Like I said we don't take her to R -s. So if and when we ever get a baby-sitter like we did with SILENCE OF THE LAMBS we go see it. I's about to say you're not going to take her to that one I'm sure. <SEP> Do you go to a lot of comedy movies. Or to. What was the last comedy you saw? <SEP> What was the last comedy we saw? Good question. Good question. We don't get to go that often. But something on the tip of my tongue. And I can't think of which one it was. I can't remember. The last. In fact I guess this was the last movie I saw. I said that wrong. The last movie I saw was THE HARD WAY with Michael J. Fox. <SEP> But that sounds good. That really wasn't too bad. There were. He's supposed. He's this actor. And he's playing a cop. <SEP> Or he's hanging around with a cop trying to pick up the stuff. I think he did an excellent job in not being too much of a cop. There were times when he'd be running with a gun or whatever. He didn't look like a cop when he did it. And I was so impressed with that because usually. <SEP> That's neat. The part was hard to do that. Because everybody grows up looking at these cop movies and trying to imitate them or whatever. <SEP> And I thought he did such an excellent job of not going that far. By the end he was looking more like a cop. But at the beginning of the movie and all through the middle part he was trying to get it. <SEP> But he wasn't there yet. And you could tell it. And I guess that was a real good acting and writing job both or directing job. I think they did a real good job of that. <SEP> And James Woods did an excellent job as the cop. He just. I like him. And there were some definite tense moments with him in there. <SEP> Probably the last comedy we saw now that I think about it is HOME ALONE. I had seen it before Christmas. But I took a date to it about a month ago. So I've seen it the second time not too long ago. So. <SEP> It was really cute. I really enjoyed it. Of course the bad thing about it was the second time I saw it I didn't really enjoy it as much. And I was kind of surprised at that. I thought that would be one of those that I would love to watch over and over. <SEP> But before. Maybe it's just the idea of my reaction to the first time. I had laughed so hard I was hoarse. I was hoarse getting out of there. <SEP> And maybe I just laughed so hard the first time that I didn't have it. It just wasn't as funny the second time because I had just gone overboard the first time. I don't know. But. <SEP> Maybe so. Maybe so. It was a great movie though. I loved the movie. I did too. I'm looking forward to this summer NAKED GUN TWO AND A HALF is coming out. I love those movies. <SEP> I do too. They are just slapstick. It. You have to see those twice to catch everything. You have to see them more than that. <SEP> I still catch things in AIRPLANE that I didn't catch. It's amazing. <SEP> I do too. I love those movies. I do too. I really do. <SEP> So I'm looking forward to seeing that because that looks hilarious as they all do. <SEP> We try to go a couple times a month to see a movie. <SEP> It's just getting so expensive. Isn't it though. But that's at least the good thing about the Texas organization letting you buy the tickets cheaper. But normally we don't think about it until. That's exactly what I was going to say. <SEP> I keep not doing it until after I'm there. And then all of a sudden I'm saying I wish I'd bought these things. I know because we can go spend fifteen dollars just getting in the three of us. Easily. <SEP> And then if you want popcorn and stuff it's incredible. <SEP> I don't understand why they charge you out the kazoo for both. Popcorn is not that expensive. Nowhere near that expensive. <SEP> So they get you at the ticket booth and then try and get you at the popcorn and coke. And it's just the idea that these actors live in such lavish style. It's as simple as that. We just keep breeding them. And as long as we keep paying the money for it they are going to keep paying them. <SEP> I guess so. Have you seen DANCES WITH WOLVES? That was an excellent movie. I haven't seen. We're waiting for the video. Don't. <SEP> Don't. That needs the big screen. It really and truly does because to get the feeling of when they're chasing the buffalos and everything you've got to be where you feel it. <SEP>. <SEP> You really truly do. I would. I guess my first instinct was to wait for the video too. But I'm glad I didn't. I really and truly am. That was one movie I came out impressed. <SEP> I really and truly did. I have absolutely no problems with them winning seven Oscars. None at all. Normally I'm one of these people that I don't like one movie taking all the honors. <SEP> Everythin-. I wanted him to win best actor on top of it. He was. Like I said I wouldn't given the supporting actresses either one. <SEP> But even though they were okay the girl in it. They. Somebody made an interesting observation. Now that I think back on it I'd say I can't believe that either. She was the only indian to have her hair done at all times. You know what I mean. It was just too perfect at all times. <SEP> That was a mistake that they made. They shouldn't have done it. The best. The supporting actor he was good. But from what I heard the guy who got it was better. So I can see that. <SEP> But. You think my daughter would like it? There is one spot that was just a little bit on the gory side. <SEP> But it's. She doesn't mind when we cover up her eyes. No problems. <SEP> It's just the idea that there is this one spot where the white man has come by and killed a bunch a buffalo and just stripped the hides. So there's. That is the one reason I don't want to see the movie is because I love buffalos for some weird reason. But and of course. <SEP> And I know they're fake. And. That and plus part of it is the idea that he goes with them on a buffalo hunt. So they are killing buffalos in it. But they don't stress that very much. They really don't. And I think it's an excellent movie for. If she enjoys movies I think it'll work pretty good. <SEP> That'll be good. We really need some. My husband keeps wanting to. It's a long movie. And I heard the video's even going to be longer. <SEP> They did a lot of stuff that they cut out. I may have to see the video. That's true. They said. I hadn't even thought of that. <SEP> They said there's a lot that had been edited because of the length and that they wanted in. So they're going to put it in the video. <SEP> And that way you can watch it at your leisure. I kind of like it when they do that because the video like I said. There are certain things you can't do with a video. And the idea that they may put a little extra in it is a good idea. <SEP> Because when you rent a video. Videos of course are not cheap either. And so the idea of getting a little extra with it is a good idea. Because they make bundles of money off those things. <SEP> I know it. Isn't that ridiculous. We have cable which helps a lot. I do too. But not enough. <SEP> We keep holding out. I'm getting to the point where I watch NICK AT NIGHT.
sw3236.txt:Why don't you go ahead and say what you feel. And then I'll respond. I'm very guilty of not doing my part with recycling I'm afraid. We recently moved here from North Carolina. And they had curbside recycling. And it was very easy to put everything out there. But we don't have it at least in our neighborhood right now. <SEP> So I've been very guilty about not making the effort to take things where they belong. How long have you been here? We've been here since January. So we still feel very new. <SEP> But it's working up to a year now. So I guess we're old timers compared to some people. I think that's a good excuse. You need to get into the system a little more and know where to take things. <SEP>. We've been here probably two and a half years. And we didn't recycle at all before we came. <SEP> So I think we're doing well. We save most of our aluminum cans and glass and newspaper right now. <SEP> Where do you take those things? The glass and the newspaper we usually take to Walmart. In behind Walmart they have bins. And then we usually save up our cans and change them in for money. <SEP> Where do you do that. Because we've been saving cans for my daughter's choir. But I didn't know where to take them. There's a place on Parker Road. It's just over the overpass before you get to K-Mart. I think there's a service station there. There's usually a semi truck that has a person there that will weigh them. And they aren't worth much right now. <SEP> But it's better than nothing. So. <SEP> Better than nothing. And what I hear a lot of neighborhoods do have the pickup now. And hopefully we'll be getting them in the month of October. I. It seems like ever since we've moved here we've been hearing that it's coming in a couple of months. And I think it's been delayed. <SEP> But. I think it was originally scheduled for February. But the trucks that were supposed to do it there's been some problems with from what I've read in the mail that we get. <SEP> And I can't wait for that. That will be easy. I get tired of newspaper littering the garage. It gets to be a bit much to haul it off. But. I feel guilty we don't recycle our milk containers because they seem like a big waste. <SEP> They're a lot of bulk anyway. They fill up the whole kitchen garbage can. <SEP> So I'll be glad when the bins do come. And I think that's when I'll start doing the plastic too. It was real easy with the bins. It really was. It was just no effort at all no more trouble than taking out the garbage. So. I've gotten used to washing the salad dressing bottles and things like that. <SEP> It's not that big of a deal. And it's nicer to just throw them out. But we can do our part take an extra minute or two. <SEP> How much do you earn on the cans. I didn't know what kind of an idea to give her for. When we first were here it was like we'd take maybe a grocery sack full or maybe two grocery sacks full. And it would be two dollars but since last time we've gotten more like a dollar. <SEP> So it's gone down. <SEP> Which is understandable. I think more people are recycling. <SEP> That's something we don't really make any effort to. And whatever pop we drink we used to take the boys out for a bike ride and pick up the litter the cans. And that was kind of fun. But we haven't done that for a long time. <SEP>. That sounds like a pretty good project. The boys think it's fun plus you get your exercise. And you do get to stop once in a while when there is a can to rest. <SEP> <SEP> But. I'll have to keep myself and get on it. My neighbor across the street is so careful about recycling. And so I keep telling myself I'll get it organized. But maybe they'll beat me and do the city wide first. Hopefully the bins will be here in this month. And that will spur you on. So. <SEP> I won't have any excuse then. That's for sure. It sounds like we're doing our part and at least starting Trying. Thinking about it anyway. That's all you can do. <SEP> But have you. Do they time this thing for us. Or do we. You can do it as long as you want. They. If it's been long enough five minutes is when they cut in and say we don't have any more room for recording. <SEP> You can't chat all day. So we can say good-bye now. It was good talking to you. And maybe we'll get on line again. <SEP> Sherry.
sw2589.txt:. The public school systems everybody has known they've needed renovation for years but never really had a clear direction on which way to go with it. <SEP> The first direction that I would love to see them go with. Kids learn at different rates. And for too long they've kind of lumped everybody together. You'd learn at this rate. And that's the only way it's going to happen. That's true. You've got some kids that'll pick up on it in the first three minutes you're talking about it. And the other fifty-seven minutes you've been talking about a subject you've bored them. That's very true. I guess I can relate to that because I have two kids that are opposites like that. One picks up real quick. And the other one doesn't. And you're right they do get bored really fast if they already know what you're talking about. What do you propose that they do? What is your suggestions? <SEP> The educators need to be a little bit more open minded as well as innovative in dealing with the various students to get the maximum potential out of the person. Out of each child. Out of each child. Each individual child. <SEP> Some kids are going to be great with mechanical stuff. Other kids are going to be really into math. Some are really going to be heavy into reading. Instead of pushing the scales too far either direction it's great to be well rounded and be exposed to all this stuff. That's. <SEP> But why not hit the points the kid's really interested in? Because if he's interested he's going to study it. And he's going to learn it. And he's going to remember it. That's true. I think the only thing that they would argue about that is that every child needs to learn every subject. That might be the only thing. But I definitely agree with you. They need exposure to every subject. They don't need to be masters of it. That's true. <SEP> Everything I learned about ancient Rome has not helped me anywhere in my adult life. I definitely agree. There's no doubt about that. I can relate to that because I'm going to college right now. And I feel like I'm taking this history class. And it's so boring. And I just hate it. And I think why do they make us take this stuff? What does this have to do with getting a computer science degree or whatever? <SEP> What type of history class is it that you're having to take? American History. We have to take early seventeen hundreds through mid eighteen hundreds. And then we have to take another one that's mid eighteen hundreds on up to basically present. The early ones they could actually combine two levels of it the one from seventeen hundred til the end of the Civil War. <SEP> Combine that into one. And then from eighteen sixty-five to present. And make that your second step because to a point the early parts of it you're giving the foundations of the nation. That's basically what they're doing. <SEP> But even then they're skimming over. They're almost trivial with it. I agree. There's. If they really wanted to get to the meat of the matter they make all these people out to be. They were great men. And they're the father of the country and all this. He had just as much dirt on him as anybody else. <SEP> If not more. The man was not a saint. That's true. This school system thing. I tell you I saw something on the news maybe two weeks ago. And they were talking about. I don't know where you're from. But I'm from the Dallas area. And they were talking about the Plano school system that they had one school that if the students did something wrong whether it was behavioral or they weren't learning properly or something. They took these students and put them basically in a closet. With no windows. They had not a table but a desk in this closet. And they had to sit in there by themselves. Parents were getting really angry about this because they said Why is my child being put in this closet. How is that helping my child. And the thing. They said we're giving them isolation time. And this helps them to think. But a lot of kids. If a child has claustrophobia that's just going to terrify him. And. If the isolation concept really works that good why are our prisons overcrowded? That's true. That's true. But. They were. I definitely agree with parents. I think that is a very wrong way to handle disciplining a child. Putting them in their quiet rooms or their isolation rooms. They didn't call them closets. But they showed these rooms on the news. And they looked like a closet to me. With a desk in it real small. But they said that one of the solutions they came up with was to take the doors off of these isolation rooms. I said how is this helping? Either way. I definitely had to disagree with that. I think that's not the way to discipline a child by putting him in a closet. <SEP> As a part of the revamping of the entire education system on that lev- the public school system I want to see changed too. When I was brought up if you crossed the line and you broke a rule bad enough you were going to get spanked. Then the extreme came in. And now we can no longer spank them. <SEP> So we now isolate them. We've swung the pendulum both ways. Let's find a middle ground. There has to be some sort of discipline. And there has to be some sort of punishment. Short of physically isolating the child and short of physically hitting the child. <SEP> Let's put him into a situation where you crossed the line you broke the rule you're going to have to pay for it. <SEP> But it's going to tax you physically. I don't. Instead have them pick up around the school yard have them weed a flower bed somewhere on the school yar-. Do something to beautify the school property. That's true. <SEP> But you cut. The kid's having to give up his quote play time to pay his debt for what he did wrong. But he's seeing something constructive come out of it. I have to. I think one of the things that can come out of is not just discipline? But. For instance one of the things they do at my kids school they have what they call caught being good slips. And when the kids are in halls and stuff and if they're being really good just being excellent they're not cutting up and so on. They're just standing in line doing whatever they are supposed to. They get one of these caught being good slips. And then when they collect them at the end of each week they get to go to what they call their caught being good store. And then they get to spend these like money. To me that's positive reinforcement is much better than trying to find ways to discipline kids because they're going to be good and try and earn those things to get the positive part of it. They'd much rather go in the store and buy something than be spanked. So they're definitely going to work towards being good rather than trying to act up and be bad. <SEP> I think that not only applies inside the public school system but in society itself. There's been too much negative reinforcement. How much like the caught being good slips. How about just the John Q citizen out there on the street? That's true. I think really though. That's one thing that my kids definitely get spanked when they need to be spanked. But I really do try to use positive reinforcement with them at home also. And it really helps. And they don't get spanked very often. But they do when they deserve it. But I don't think any kid should be exempt from being spanked. I think I wouldn't mind if a teacher spanked my child. But that's just my personal opinion. And that's not going to. I don't think that law will ever change. They are never going to let a teacher spank a child again. But I don't think. Some kids don't get spanked at home. And some kids need to be spanked at home. Don't you think? I most wholeheartedly agree. But I don't know. <SEP> There's a point of over kill. But somewhere you've got to find an even line. There's so many parents that say you can deal with a child without spanking them. Which is true you can. But there are times when a child needs to be spanked. They do things that they need that. Need that shock effect where they equate the shock of being spanked with the actions they did to get spanked.
sw3354.txt:What do you do on your yard? Typical lawn stuff. Saint Augustine with a little Bermuda mixed in in some of the sunny areas. <SEP> And really all I do to it is. In fact I didn't even fertilize it this year. I just mowed it. And I mow it with a mulch mower so the particles fall down. Comes back in the yard. <SEP> So you don't have any one do your yard. You do it yourself? I do it myself. We do too. <SEP> Have a lot of people trying to do it for me. Isn't that the truth. A flyer's on every door every day. I need the exercise. So what the heck. That's right. My husband does the same thing. He does the yard. And he wants me to learn how to work the lawn mower. But I keep putting off learning. <SEP> You've got the right idea. That's right. But I had recently gone out and planted mums. We had decided to paint the front of the house about three weeks ago. And so while my husband was painting I went out and bought about fifty dollars worth of mums over at Calloway's. And put out yellow and bronze. And they're just gorgeous and so then last week my mom comes in town. And she says those are going to die just the first frost. <SEP> She said You should have done pansies. And I went now you tell me. So the first night that around Halloween. And we went out and covered them with a sheet. And they did okay that first night. But the second night we were at the movies and didn't do it. So I guess I've lost them. I haven't gone out to check yet. <SEP> I don't blame you. I wouldn't want to look at them. Listen. But the worst problem we've had here with this grass was about the third year we were here. I guess it was about four years ago. And we did not know in August to put down whatever it is for grub worms. And the next spring in that March every time we would go out and just try to walk on the grass or reach down to pull a weed we'd have big whole patches come up. Have you ever seen it what grub worms do? <SEP>. And we pulled up almost half of our yard just by raking it. It would just come off in the rake down to the dirt. So we had to go out and resod the whole thing with squares and wet it and put it down and rope it off and everything. It took a lot of money and a lot of time. So the most careful thing we do on our yard every August is put down that Diazinon. <SEP> You think that's what it was. We found them. We found them. We dug under there about an inch. And you could see them. They're real fat little white things. And they said they turn into black bugs in the spring. <SEP> Those kind of brown What we call June bugs. But in the. <SEP> And some people call them May beetles. June bugs is what I'd heard them called. <SEP> So occasionally I find them in the flower beds. They said that every yard has some. But it was a preponderance of them that caused our problem. So that's the number one thing we do whether we fertilize or anything else just because we got burned so badly before. <SEP> I had some of that problem. But mine was freeze. That too. Two years ago or last Christmas is that what you're talking about? <SEP> I'm still replacing that in the back especially under the trees kind of slow and very expensive. <SEP> I caught Wolfe with one of the sales where they have those big blocks for fifty cents. And I bought about twenty of them. <SEP> I guess you did too. It's what they've done in the spring or the fall. I put. <SEP> That was late. That was. Because I started to say there's different times they say it's okay to do it. That was September I think. <SEP> And I had to water it. Keep it damp. My. Out here we don't have as many trees in Plano. At least the area where. We're over by Collin Creek Mall. But a lot of the shrubbery that we have in the front like the pittosporum all died. And all those variegated things died. So we pretty much go with that dwarf Yaupon and that Yaupon holly. And they just live. <SEP> They're pretty tough. You can stand those. Pittosporum is kind of borderline here. <SEP> And usually it'll do pretty well. But every once in a while we get one of these really cold deals. And it zaps it. It's kind of like one of these. <SEP> Wax leaf ligustrum is the same way. Same way. They warned me of that one finally. And I said you need to either read Neal Sperry's book before you shop or get a reputable nursery because lot of places are just trying to sell whatever was pretty out there. And we didn't know the difference. And every year we learn one more thing that we didn't know before. Like about these mums. Next year I'll do pansies. <SEP> Your list is growing. And my backyard we had it really nice. And then my husband wanted a Labrador puppy. And so it was about. I guess he's three now. So the first summer he was here he dug up all of my bushes and plants and brought them to the front door and the back door and laid them on the patio. <SEP> So it's like our backyard is just kind of like. As long as he won't damage it fine. And if there's anything he'll hurt we just don't put it out there any more. Kind of cuts your possibilities for the flower beds. Very much. But. <SEP> I had a small vegetable garden that. You did. It did pretty well. It's on the apron of the parkway out behind the garage. <SEP> And our garages come in from the alley. So do ours. <SEP> And it's a little piece of land over there. What did you grow? I had tomatoes and peppers. And I had okra. That is amazing. <SEP> And by the fence I had cucumbers which didn't do real well. They kind of came out looking like gourds. Put them in a salad though. And you say I made it though at least it's mine. <SEP> But I had squash. I had zucchini and yellow crook neck squash.
sw3201.txt:Do you have any recycling programs there? I don't really think we have anything in the works as of yet. <SEP> We're a pretty small town. And the closest thing we have are bins out in front of Wal-Mart that show plastics paper liter bottles et cetera et cetera. <SEP> We've progressed a little bit farther than that. Actually they have. Parts of town. It may have even spread all over the whole town. And they will have these green bins. <SEP> And it's just as standard as a regular trash can that they come by and pick up and dump. And just along with a trash can you have this green plastic bin. And you put your bottles in it and paper and all those things. Aluminum. Anything that can be recycled you just put in that bin. <SEP> And I guess you can al-. And a lot of the restaurants they just have places where you can throw away green bottles and then the brown bottles. <SEP> And I don't know. I guess they're clear bottles. So a lot of people do have those separated. And of course they have the dumpsters the igloos. <SEP> And they have those strategically placed around the city. And they're actually going to extend it one of these days maybe to apartment complexes. And. <SEP> That would be good. Things of that nature. So I guess when you live in a bigger city it really becomes necessary. It's not anywhere near that. <SEP> We. As far as our little pitch in to it we do recycle our aluminum cans. But that's as far as we go. Because I take them to a girl at work. And she goes and cashes them in because. I can do that for her. <SEP> And I don't want the hassle because we have to go to another town to do it. <SEP> We don't have anything here in Belton. It's a pretty small little town. I remember my grandparents and I used to always get out there on the road and pick up beer cans. <SEP> And. So that's about all that we're doing here. They're getting a little bit more on. They need to a lot a more community awareness of just what is it mean to recycle and what can you recycle and what you can't. Because not a lot of people do really know what it's for. <SEP> They're doing a real good job of separating it here. And of course there you have a specific place to put your paper. And they try to get you to go ahead and separate it. But they actually have the door to door pickup. And I think it started out to be just kind of a test a pilot project. <SEP> And it went over so well that they just extended it. And it's almost. I don't know if it's done by a private company or not. It may be. But they just go around to each door and pick it up. That's excellent. <SEP> That's good. Let's see. And every year of course the phone books they tell everybody across the city to put all their phone books in the recycle bins. <SEP> Because phone books are pretty. For a bigger city they're pretty thick. They are. And sometimes you might have two or three. <SEP> So that's a big savings right there in itself. Ours just goes in the regular trash. <SEP> There's not a whole lot. And there are some places that will set up for old newspapers and stuff. <SEP> But usually it hasn't caught on yet. I'm hoping it will soon. The thing about newspapers and paper. Recycled paper is actually very expensive. So when you see something that's on recycled paper they've actually gone to a lot of expense to do that. It's. They're not coming out ahead at all. It's really a cost. <SEP> I wasn't totally aware of that. It sounds good to the public. But there's really a big cost incurred when you do recycle something. Aluminum I don't know. They may be coming out ahead. But I know for a fact that the paper on that end they're not. <SEP> It's just good to recycle. But it's not to their advantage. And it costs less. <SEP> I can't think of anything else. I can't either. Because we're at a very beginning stages. <SEP> So. We look forward to it to get better. I hope you all come along a little farther in the future. <SEP> Me too. It was nice talking to you. You too. <SEP>
sw2485.txt:. Have you ever had a family reunion? <SEP> And let me tell you. This is a really neat thing to do too that they did. I didn't do it. Some of the other people the older people organized it. And what they did they had a book made up. And it was when our ancestors first came over. <SEP>. And then what they did was they asked every family to write something about their family. Like how many kids you had and who you had married. <SEP> And it went through. And it showed who my husband's parents were. And who he married and then how many children we had and then his brothers and sisters. And it went through the whole family and stuff. <SEP> That's so neat. And it was so good. But it really did. And plus it's got a lot more people interested in it because you got to participate sort of. <SEP>. So did everybody send in their information and they made a book up about it. <SEP> And then you could get it at the reunion. And everybody got a book that came to the reunion. <SEP> And it told where the first Connallys came over. And it told what happened when they got there and how many kids they had. And it just kept coming on up through the generations. <SEP> So that was really neat. That is neat. And. <SEP> So do you have a big family? He does. He does? He does. I don't. But he has enough relatives to make up for me not having any. <SEP> That's kind of how my husband and I are. I have a kind of a big family. And he just has himself and his brother and his parents. And that's it. So he had to kind of get used to us when we first started going together. That's what happened when I first met my husband. I said this can't be. Nobody can have this many relatives. <SEP> Because a lot of them lived in a group down one highway. And there was a lake. And they all lived down there by it. <SEP> How nice. And so we were going down the highway. And he kept saying this is where my uncle lives. And this is where my aunt lives and my uncle. <SEP> And I kept thinking this guy is putting me on. Nobody has this many relatives. <SEP> But they really were all there. How funny. And another thing that's really good about family reunions is having everybody just cook whatever is their specialty and bring it. Because nobody liked the same thing. <SEP>. <SEP>. But you had a choice. And then you got to taste a lot of new dishes and stuff too and get a lot of good recipes. <SEP>. Where if you said a certain thing and say we're all going to have fried fish or we're all going to have fried chicken. <SEP>. Everybody might not like that. <SEP> Not be able to do it. So did people come from out of town to the reunion. Or. They did. They came from all over. <SEP> Did you put them up in other people's houses. Or did you have hotel rooms. Or how did you do it? They just stayed with different ones of them. They did. They just came down and say this aunt and Uncle Kip all their kids and their grand kids and everything. And then they had it. <SEP> It had gotten so big that they had it at the church. And they had a church service ahead of it. And then they ate out on the ground. <SEP> How nice. And they just brought food with them? <SEP> Did they just have over a weekend? Is that how they did it? <SEP> I'm real curious because my family. It didn't sound. I don't think my family is as big as your husband's. I don't think we'd need a whole church. But the problem is we are all really scattered around. There isn't any one place where most of us live. So if we ever had a reunion we'd kind of all have to stay in a hotel. There would be one person who lived there that would have a house. But they couldn't put everybody up. So I think it would get kind of expensive. But you know what you can do? <SEP> A lot of these lakes and things if you could find a centrally located about the same distance for all of you all to come? They have these places where you can rent them. And it on a lake. <SEP> It's a big place. It's got little rooms that separate off of it and stuff. <SEP> And it's not very expensive that way. You mean. So. I see. So everybody could stay together? They have a convention type thing. <SEP> A house or something. <SEP> And then it has little rooms off of it where you'd go and sleep at night time. But then it has a kitchenette and things like that. But you. <SEP> That would be great because then you could spend so much more time together than if you all were in your own hotels or something. And another. <SEP> And then every time you wanted to go eat with somebody you'd probably have to go to out eat or something. It would run into a lot of money. So. But they had. That was. That. That sounds like fun. What you can do is you can write different places the Chamber of Commerce tell them what you're interested in. <SEP>. Ask them what they have at area lakes and all. If they have something like that. <SEP>. Because now every time we plan anything just about we write to the Chamber of Commerce of where we're going because you can find out so much easier that way than try to locate it. <SEP> You get a. <SEP> Calling different places can really run you up a bill. But if you can find a centrally located place where everybody would have to come about the same distance. You can't get it exact usually. <SEP> And then everybody goes to that place. And that is not bad at all. But lot of times they'll have little cabins. <SEP> And three or four or five families can stay in those cabins because they have just the single bunk beds and stuff. And they can all stay in those cabins. And then you can have cookouts and stuff like that. That doesn't cost you as much. <SEP> That would be great. That would be really nice. But that's the best way I found because whenever you have something where you go and. <SEP> That sounds good. Now we had one. This was before I lost a lot more of my family. But it wasn't any of my immediate family anyway. Because I didn't have any of them left. <SEP> But they had thing where everybody could come and meet and go out to eat. <SEP> But I didn't think that was as good. Because it was like you couldn't really talk and stuff like you could when you were at the lake or somewhere where you were out. <SEP>. <SEP> This was like everybody came into town and went to this restaurant. And you have to sit at a table and just. And it just. I didn't like that much. <SEP> Did you. Was it hard to decide who to invite and who not to invite. Did you have to draw a line. Or did the people that had that reunion have to draw a line? They just. Whoever wanted to come. What they did was they wrote to all the initial people the oldest ones. <SEP> <SEP> Then those in turn got a hold of these other ones. And they had. I think there was four or five different people that would call some of them if they didn't have their addresses and all on them. <SEP>. And they told them that what we had to do was when we sent back in our information we had to tell them how many people were going to be coming. <SEP>. And then when they talked to us or when they sent us the letter to get the information and all it asked will you be willing to bring. <SEP> And you had to check off what all you would be willing to bring. I see. And so really there wasn't any problem with. That's the reason it ended up in a church because there was just so many of them. <SEP> There. But it turned out so much better like that. Because they knew ahead of time how many people to expect. <SEP>. If there was a sickness or something like that you're not going to lose that many. <SEP>. That would just be a few. <SEP> But how about because of divorce and stuff like that? My parents are divorced. And they are both remarried. And there's. I don't know. Then. If you wanted them both to come then you would have put that down on the list. <SEP> And you would have been the one that sent their invitation to them and ask for their information. <SEP> So then. To send back to those other people. I'm kind of in control over who comes. Just from my family. Because once it went to the oldest people and then they knew who they wanted to invite. <SEP> Then they sent their little things to us. It was up to me whether I wanted my kids and any of my family to come. <SEP>. <SEP> I see. So. I see. That's a pretty good idea to do it that way. And then it never did. If I didn't want somebody to come then I just wouldn't send them one of the questionnaires. <SEP> So there really wasn't a problem that way. That's a real good idea. <SEP> But I tell you what that's the neatest book we've got. I bet. Course we've still got it. And they charged us five or six dollars that we paid for the book to be printed. <SEP>. <SEP> And it's not a hard back book it's just a folder type thing. But it has the entire. It has everybody that you could ever imagine and some you couldn't. <SEP> How neat. I know that's really neat. That's really neat. And it will be something my kids will have. Just like. <SEP> I was just thinking of that. What you could tell your kids. Because if you stop and think. I don't know if you're like me. But I know very little about before my grandparents. <SEP>. Very very little about it. I just. The thing is I know a lot of stories. But I can't remember who it was about. My grandparents told us when I was growing up and even when I was an adult. They still tell all kinds of stories about their parents and their cousins and their best friends cause they all grew up in New York City. But I remember these stories. But I have no idea who it was that was in those stories. <SEP> So I couldn't give an accurate. I couldn't tell my kids what those people were like. I just remember they had some funny stories. But I don't know who it was. Maybe what you could do if you couldn't get into a full family reunion and you wanted to go back some. But then usually when you find out some information from your parents then you can find somebody else that can tell you something else about these. <SEP>
sw2093.txt:I guess I'm going to school while I'm working at T I. So there's not a whole a lot of time that I've got for hobbies it seems like lately. But one of the things that I do when I've got some spare time is I do some woodworking. And that ranges anywhere from carpentry work to some types of furniture and knickknacks stuff you hang on the wall to put a mirror on. And I made some candle sconces that you hang on the. I have quite a few of those that my uncle made. There's something about working with wood that I enjoy that. I don't know if it's the saw dust or the mess you make or the smell of the wood. But. <SEP> As you know I think it's more like the mess you make isn't it? You don't have to worry about cleaning it up. Because it's out there. I don't have to worry about getting stuff on the carpet except when I track in saw dust. And the wife gets kind of aggravated about that. But then I get the opportunity to vacuum. So I guess I get some of both. What are some of your things you like to do? When I have time I do like to sew. I had been doing a lot of crocheting. I make a lot of afghans or used to make a lot of them. <SEP> My mother was real heavy into crafts. And I would help her with whatever she happened to be doing. And then she would go to these arts and crafts shows and sell her needlework. So a lot of times I'd help her with that. I haven't had much opportunity to work on any other craft stuff lately. We've been trying to start up a business and then trying to get my garden going. It's a good time for gardening. <SEP> It's been beautiful this last week. But. I could do with a little less wind. But I think the temperature has been pretty good so far for working outside. Do you find you do most of your crocheting or your knit work around Christmas time? <SEP> I usually start in the fall. And my husband says I do it make afghans so I can keep my lap warm. That's kind of what my wife says. She enjoys doing it during the cold weather because she's always got something to cover her legs and feet with while she is working on it. <SEP> I know it seems like she. I think she made three this year one for my father-in-law and then a couple of brothers and sisters. So those things they take some time to make. I found one that's real easy. It's. I can't even remember the name of it now. But you make it in strips. And it's real easy to do. And it's just that it doesn't keep your feet quite as warm because you do it in strips like that. But it's. That's kind of like quilting. <SEP> I think tha-. Mile a Minute. That's the name of it. Mile a Minute. <SEP> Mile a Minute. I'm not sure what she does. I. First thing that comes to mind is some kind of chain stitch because she starts and goes all the way across back and forth until she winds up with this big piece of afghan. I guess that is your standard knitting isn't it? Usually single crochet always starts it off. I know. <SEP> If we have a problem with our connection and get disconnected some time or other don't worry about it. We have a very small phone company down here. And my husband says that's called rinky-dink. Instead of call waiting or call anything else. <SEP> We can't have that down here. We get disconnected all the time. I guess that's one way to end a conversation. <SEP> It gets a little aggravating. I've got kids all over the United States. And sometimes they get disconnected when I'm talking to them. What. Have you started your garden yet? We planted potatoes and onions and bell peppers. <SEP> What else did I get in there. And jalapeno peppers. Always got to have those. I think I had four jalapeno plants last year. I think one of them died. But I chop them up and put them in jars and usually give them away because there is no way that I can eat all of those. Nobody else in the family likes them. But always got to keep those planted. <SEP> My husband doesn't like them either. But I can always give them away. That's kind of the way I am. Besides they're fun to grow. I planted zucchini last year. I planted four hills of them. I think I had three or four seeds in each one of them. And those things just flat took over. It wasn't until late in the summer. Maybe it was because it was too dry. They finally started making zucchini. And I'm not sure when a good time to plant those is if they should be planted early or later. It seems like all I got was. <SEP> Supposedly after the soil warms up. I would think so. Seems like they all went to leaf. And it wasn't until late in the summer they started making fruit. So I don't know if I. Mom would say you planted them in the wrong sign of the moon. But I hadn't looked at a farmers almanac to find out when a good time for zucchini is. <SEP> I doubt if zucchini is in there. It may not be. It may not be. Probably the same time the other squash is though. You think they're later in the year? <SEP>. About the same time that you plant okra because it's supposed to be warm. That's true. Most of the okra that is growing around higher is later okra. <SEP> That's about. We decided this year. Go ahead. <SEP> I'm sorry. Go ahead. I was just going to say it's a little over six or seven minutes. So whenever you feel comfortable about concluding I'm. That would be fine. Just any time. I guess we'll call this one quits. And thanks for participating. <SEP> I've enjoyed talking to you. Have a good time.
sw3313.txt:Jeri? We're supposed to discuss crime in the United States and what can be done with it. <SEP> That's a rather broad topic. They're usually pretty broad anyway. Where do you live? <SEP> We live in Plano. That's a. And where you are? I'm in Richardson. So when I heard the topic I was thinking of the thing down at Maceo High School in Dallas. <SEP>. <SEP> That is so frightening. It is. Do you have children in school? Mine are already in college now. So I don't have to. <SEP> At least when they were in high school it was beginning but not the rampages. I have. My oldest is his first year in high school. So we have all this to look forward to. And it is really frightening to think that you can't even send them to school in safety. Certainly you can't just turn them loose in the middle of Dallas. But when you can't even send them on their normal activities in safety it's really frightening. That's true. <SEP> And I really. They're coming down on the principal. But I really don't know what they can do. It's just in so much of society with the violence. And the kids having access to weapons and drugs. And I really don't know what can be done. I just don't understand of course in my little world how guns could be so available. I don't either. But apparently they just really are. To me in Plano you would think that would be about as innocent as you could get for being in a large area. But my son comes home and tells me that he hears kids talk about having guns. And someone came to his football practice about two weeks ago with a gun. <SEP> And it just scared me to death. And they called the police. And nothing happened. But it could have easily. Maybe that's the answer to crime is getting more prosecution. Maybe so. Because I don't. Somehow I feel we're living in an impartial society as far as people seeing something happen across the street or seeing someone get mugged or unfortunately raped. And people don't do anything. <SEP> A woman was raped in Richardson I read in the paper about two weeks ago now. And all the neighbors said they heard her yelling for help. But nobody did anything. <SEP> I just can't imagine that. They heard someone calling for help. Nobody even called the police to say I hear a strange screaming. I'm afraid if you. I don't blame people with today's society about going out to help themselves. <SEP> I can see especially if you heard screams from a house or something not going over there maybe because it could be dangerous. But certainly I can't understand not calling the police. I. I just. It's really frightening that we're trying to live in our own little cocoons. And probably one of the best things we could do for crime is to participate ourselves in its prevention. <SEP> I think you're right there. I guess people just kind of keep their noses pointed in their own business. But I think that's real dangerous. And I don't know. I try to tell my kids just kind of be aware of what's around them. And if you see a situation that looks like it could be trouble just get out of it or call for help whichever. But. The call for help is what scares me now because it just. I don't know. People just don't. I don't know. I can't say they don't care because people just have to care about another person. <SEP> But it's that not getting involved that impersonal society I think we live in today. Maybe this thing with the child at school maybe that will make people think a bit more and take some steps to correct it. I don't know. It really is frightening. <SEP> I. Let me ask you. Getting back to your son's football practice because it really sort of astonished me that police aren't doing. He didn't have a license for the gun? I don't know. I don't know the details. This was not a child that was on the team. It was someone that just kind of showed up at the field. <SEP> It was a student age person. But I'm not even.
sw3580.txt:To begin. I guess space is real important. So it's real vital to the future of not only our kids but every generation until the end of time I guess. I agree. <SEP> It's definitely new frontier stuff. But I'm not too up-to-date on the space frontier. But I guess they're going pretty far into it now. Star Wars is not too far I don't think. But. <SEP> I worked on some of it at T I once upon a time. Have you. What do you know about it. <SEP> Actually I'm quite versed lately. I get on a computer network all the time. And people are talking about the current space program all the time. They're talking about new rockets that they're designing now that are just like science fiction. It's like they take off. And then they land with the. The afterburners are going not like space shuttle landing gliding down but straight down to the landing pad. <SEP> It's called V C X or something like that. Also called Delta Clipper which is a decent name for something like that. <SEP> I don't know. You think you'd go up in space if you had a chance? Do you. <SEP> I think I would. I think that'd be neat. I think I would just sitting here talking about it. But if the time came it'd be real nervous. I'd be scared. Scared me worse than Six Flags roller coaster. That'd be pretty hairy. <SEP> I had a tire come off of a car. So I know what it's like to. Imagine. Depending on what was left of my technology to get me home. I guess they're talking about people going to the moon and stuff now wherever. And opening up those stations whatever filling them. <SEP> They're talking about doing that again too. I don't know if we'll ever see that up there. <SEP> At least we're going to have a space station supposedly in the next few years. And they're going to put. That's all beyond my imagination really. <SEP> But science fiction books. You look at the Jetsons cartoon show and it's not too far fetched what they all had in those cartoons. So you never know. Any of that stuff from the Jetsons from that cartoon that you would never imagine would become possible and we have a lot of those. <SEP> So you never know what may occur. But as far as me seeing it I don't know. <SEP> I don't know. But I think it's real vital important for the future generations to come. <SEP> I. It's something definitely that. It's got the extra little oomph of interest. I'm sure it'll draw a lot more interest too once it's more possible. But when they start showing the drawings and all that I'm sure when they. <SEP> I wish. Boeing or McDonald Douglas or something like that was supposed to buy a space shuttle sooner or later and just make it purely commercial. <SEP> And they'd go up and do things. And. Did they scratch that Star Wars deal they one we was all worried about Russia and all that? <SEP> It's still probably going. But I don't know whether research will go on. But the economy the way it is all over they probably cut back on that because it's not. <SEP> They're going to be cutting back so much on just the number of troops we've got in Europe and the number of troops we have here. <SEP> I know. And then. But Russia's still going to have missiles. They're still going to be subs and things. And we don't know who's handling them now. <SEP> So that's a whole different story now. Latest I heard it was just going to be Russia itself that was going to have them. <SEP> At least that's what everybody says. We want only Russia to have them. And now they're saying Yeah. You're a republic. You don't want those. You don't want those. Some crazy hit man over there with those little republics or whatever. <SEP> They splitting it all up now. And one of them crazy guys get a hold of it. You never know. <SEP> But the guy that's taken over for Gorbachev he's supposed to be on our side isn't he. Pretty much. <SEP> One hopes. I think we went through him though to get to Gorbachev on a lot of subjects. <SEP> But that way you can't never tell that. Kiss some butt. But. <SEP>
sw3152.txt:My favorite type of music is classical music. And I enjoy orchestral classical music. And I enjoy classical guitar and classical piano. And that's my favorite type. Probably the favorite instrument would be the violin. <SEP> My favorite. I don't really have a favorite. I like everything basically. I guess if I had to pick it would be pop. But I like everything. So it's kind of hard to choose sometimes. I guess I enjoy listening to jazz sometime although I don't feel like I have a good understanding of it or a good feel for maybe what's good jazz and what's not. But I enjoy it. And sometimes I enjoy listening to fiddle music. We were in Colorado recently. And we heard this fiddler. And we bought his tape. And it's kind of fun to listen to the fiddle pans. <SEP> So. I grew up next door to the Richardson Symphony Orchestra leader. So. Chris Xeros. <SEP> You lucky thing. So we used to go and listen to them all the time. And my parents still do. <SEP> I grew up with a lot of his music and what not. Plus my parents are. Especially my dad likes a lot of classical music. And he introduced my brother and I both to a lot of it. So. Chris Xeros. You grew up with his children too then? <SEP>. Sure did. Small world? <SEP> We all went to high school together. And we're still in contact with each other. We all go back to parents' houses on the weekends and what not. So. Actually I used to play in the Richardson Symphony. I played violin in the orchestra for several years. <SEP>. So. It is a small world isn't it? Small world. So I know Chris. <SEP> He's a pretty nice guy. Most of the time. I had to work for him. And I never would want to work for him. So. Life just took different turns here. So it just didn't work out to do that now. So he's about ready to retire another year. And he. <SEP> He sure is. He just became a grandfather. I heard that. It's his daughter that. They just had the baby's christening. So. <SEP> It was really nice so. Was it a boy or a girl? He's a little boy. What did they name him? <SEP> I can't. It's a. It's Elijah or something like that. I keep forgetting what she named him. <SEP> His middle name is Chris or Christopher for her daddy. Of course. But I think it's Elijah. <SEP> It starts with an E. I can't remember. So you've heard the Richardson Symphony? <SEP>. We've heard them and liked it real well of course. Do you have a favorite instrument? <SEP> Actually one of my favorite instruments is a harpsichord. I really like those. In fact I had a harpsichord played at my wedding. Did you? <SEP>. Which was real nice. I got married during the Christmas season. And we played old fashioned Christmas carols instead of normal wedding marches and what not. And it was real nice. I liked that a lot. <SEP> I liked the sound of the harpsichord. And it played by itself? Somebody played it. But you didn't have oboe or something with it? <SEP> Just by itself. Just by itself. It was real nice. I bet that was nice. <SEP> It went well. It was a change from your traditional normal stuff since it was Christmas time and we had the church decorated with Christmas hollies and poinsettias and stuff like that. And so we did the harpsichord with old-time traditional Christmas carols. Not the bouncy sing along kind but some of the older ones that. <SEP> Some I recognize the melodies and whatnot. But I didn't recognize the name. <SEP> It was real nice. Actually I play the violin in a string quartet that often plays at weddings. So I always think it's a nice break from the traditional organ or piano. <SEP> And it makes it nice. It makes you can say classy. Or it makes an elegant wedding to have something else. It does. <SEP> It really does. And it has such a different sound to it anyway. It's almost. I don't know the way it vibrates. It's kind of haunting on some of the notes. It's. I like it. I don't know how else to explain. But we've got friends that are in the music business that go around Dallas. They're called Odessa. It's a husband and wife team that we've known for years. And we try to make contact with them periodically to see what's going on and stuff too. So we've had a lot of stuff friends and things to do with music that constant. Plus my husband's real big into music too. So. He doesn't play anything. But he just likes to listen. <SEP> And my dad and. My kids are now. My oldest is getting to the point where he likes certain types of music and favorite songs and when they come on we have to turn the radio up full blast. And. Does the school in your city. Does it offer band or some of the instruments? My oldest is only nine. <SEP> So he hasn't really gotten into that yet. They have choir that they go to music class that they go to. But he's not old enough yet to get into the band yet. <SEP> I think that starts in sixth grade. Probably. <SEP> But I don't know. The only thing he's shown interest in wanting to play is the drums. Cause my brother plays. And I don't know if he's really serious about it yet or not. It's just one of those things I'm just going to wait and see if he's interested in something. <SEP> You got a little ways to go too. Just a little bit. My oldest is eight. And we've started her on piano. So. <SEP> But it's been fun. It's a lot of work to see that she's prepared. But it's been fun. It's been fun. I feel like I've learned a lot about the piano. I've learned a lot about playing the piano. And it kind of makes me listen a little closer to the piano when I hear it at other places or when I see and hear someone playing. I sort of watch their technique too and see if it corresponds up to what she's learning. <SEP> So it's been fun. I don't know if any of mine will be interested in it. Or.
sw3365.txt:This is Donna Donahue. <SEP> Ready to get started? I think so. Sort of an interesting topic since I just got back from lunch here. What did you have for lunch? <SEP> It was. I'm an officer in the Air Force. And we went to the Officers' Club for a little Mexican food. Today. That's interesting. <SEP> So our topic is food today. Is that. <SEP> If you're having a dinner party what would you serve? Do you want me to go first? If I was having a dinner party I would probably have some fruit to start with with some apples sliced up and maybe some cheddar cheese and crackers and grapes and probably serve maybe some wine and beer and maybe have some salsa and chips around and peanuts. And then. I usually have a little theme when I have a dinner party. So. I would have maybe if it was Greek night or something maybe on the barbecue we'd put cubes of lamb or lamb used for Greek. A shish kabob and mushrooms and tomatoes and onions. <SEP>. <SEP> And then we'd have a big Greek tossed salad kind of like a Caesar salad. And let's see what else. Maybe some rolls and some rice or something like that. How does that sound? <SEP> When is the party here? That would take some planning. But. I don't know. Being the bachelor here that I am I don't think I'd b-. It's not a question of capability here to do something like that. It's just there's no motivation. That's right. <SEP> I want to throw some charcoal on the grill and throw a steak on there and some baked potatoes and stuff like that. But. That sounds good too. I have three kids. So when we have friends over I have my oldest kind of baby-sit for the little two younger ones upstairs. And usually we just have very plain kind of not very interesting meals. Pizza and that all. <SEP> So once in a while when we do something like that it's kind of fun. But it's not a regular thing. Are we supposed to talk for about five minutes. <SEP> Is that. It? That's what they are shooting for here. <SEP> Let's see. Wh-. You would have a barbecue wouldn-. I live on a lake here. <SEP> So it. And then during the summertime it's real nice to be able to entertain outdoors. That's a little more a casual thing. But in the wintertime it's not bad too because then I've got a fireplace and a nice nice house and all that. So we sort of a really good place to do entertaining like that. <SEP> That sounds wonderful. I just haven't really tried a whole lot. But I don't know. <SEP> Let's see. One time I did have a dinner party. I served a. I had a gang of people over and kind of made a fried chicken thing and biscuits and kind of southern food even though I'm up here in New York. So. You are in New York right now? <SEP>. I'm in Texas. I didn't know this was from all over the whole country. I see. <SEP> It is. It's. And I'm originally from Long Island. No kidding? And now where are you in New York? <SEP> Upstate. Upstate. Rome. In Griffins Air Force Base. <SEP> Is that where you are originally from around there? I was born in Buffalo. <SEP> And been all over the place. That's interesting. Let's see. Sometimes when I have a dinner party I'll have everybody bring something. And that's real interesting because then you get different kinds of foods and new recipes. And sometimes somebody will bring something that you really like. <SEP> And get the recipe from them or whatever. And we are just getting interested in Mexican food. Because here in Texas they have lots of really good Mexican restaurants. And we're just getting into the fajitas and all that stuff that you could. <SEP> Do you know what a fajita is? <SEP> I've been down to Texas a few times and had the pleasure of their good Mexican cuisine down there. <SEP> They have some delicious delicious things. And I. Since I always make chicken burritos and just take chicken breasts. And you boil them maybe four chicken breasts. And you boil them until they are cooked. Maybe thirty minutes. <SEP> And then you debone them and kind of shred them up into the meat that has gotten cooled. And you take little bit maybe two tablespoons of butter in a big frying pan. And chop up some onion and put in oregano and salt.
sw3557.txt:You think about AIDS research? AIDS is a nasty terrible disease. And you die from it. So I think that they need to look into it. And it's kind of like cancer. I don't. How many years have we tried to find a cure for cancer. <SEP> I think it'll probably be as difficult. How about yourself. I'm certainly in favor of AIDS research. And I think probably the government could spend a bit more money on it than it does. I think that. Because besides the fact that it's a deadly disease that it's a contagious disease so that it's. Although it is not killing that many people now it still has the opportunity to get out of control and become a huge problem. They say a million people are infected with the H I V virus. <SEP> And. I think. That's in the world or in America? You. In the country America. <SEP> That's. And they have millions. Whose figure is that? <SEP> I don't know. I've just heard it on the radio. Sometimes you hear things on the radio that could be true or couldn't be. <SEP> Do you feel like this is. I guess they're spending a billion or so a year on this AIDS research. Do you think they should spend more? I think they should actually although. And I don't necessarily think that they should fund AIDS research and in the process neglect cancer research or whatever. I think that it would be a good thing for the government to increase funding for medical research in general. <SEP> What do you think Doug of Mister Johnson? I am sorry that he has the virus. Magic? I don't know. I think it's very strange that the media hasn't questioned him more strongly about gay sex or intravenous drugs or anything like that as they probably would for a lot of other people. <SEP> Do you think he's the hero that he's being called by a bunch of the media? Not really though I think he's probably doing the right thing for a man in his position. But I don't think it's anything exceptional that he's doing. It's what many people have done already who were just less famous. I took advantage of the opportunity when he came out. I talked to my kids about it. <SEP> It's something that I hadn't done before. That's good. <SEP> I'm glad that Mister Johnson's changed his tune on safe sex to abstinence. Or I was glad he did that for young kids because a lot of kids would have ended up dying because of what he was promoting. <SEP> Let's see. What are some of the other questions. You don't. Let's see. I don't have any friends that have the disease. I guess you might not. I do. My cousin does for instance. Is it pretty nasty? And. <SEP> It is. He's actually. He had AIDS related complex for a while. And he is now in full-blown AIDS really not doing very well and has a brain tumor or that sort of thing. It sounds awful. It's a very nasty thing. <SEP> Is it just that the immune system ceases to function properly. And. That's basically it that the immune system can at first slow down. And the white blood cell count goes down. That's AIDS Related Complex. But then when things get completely out of control and it basically hits bottom that's AIDS. And. And in that case people are prone to getting any kind of weird cancer that only animals got before. <SEP> And. That sort of thing.
sw2678.txt:Jack what type of music do you like? I like classical and sort of popular rock type music. <SEP> I enjoy classical too. I never really had listened to it till I got married. And my wife enjoys it. <SEP> So I had never listened to it till then. But now I listen to it whenever she does. And even every once in a while I put it on myself. Wh-. <SEP> I used to play the piano. And I like Bach and sort of the baroque music Handel and Vivaldi and those kinds of. <SEP> Those are really nice. I like those. Though I couldn't tell you anything about them other than when my wife says This is Bach. <SEP>. I don't know all that much myself. I just know when I hear it that I like it. <SEP> That you w-. What you like. How about popular music? Whatsever's on the radio is usually okay with me. But sometimes I have a hard time hearing the words clearly if I'm in the car and there's noise and stuff. <SEP> So. It's mostly just the tunes. I'm pretty much the same way. People always say ! the meanings of those words. <SEP> I know. And I'm always meaning? There's wor-. I just thought they just all sort of rhymed. <SEP> I know. I know. About the only thing I can remember after the song is over is the refrain. That whenever they say it two or three times. I'm the same way. It's funny depending on where you live. I commute back and forth between Baltimore and a rural town called Salisbury which is two and a half hours away. <SEP> And the difference in the radio with popular music is totally different. When. <SEP> Because Baltimore will play more what might be considered a little bit more progressive? And as soon as you go down to Salisbury this town that's two and a half hours away in the suburbs or whatever in real rural Maryland it turns into basically classic rock. <SEP>. And they don't. <SEP> Oldies or what? Mostly oldies. But classic rock with. When the Doors movie came out Doors was really on the radio there. Where you'd hear one or two of their more famous songs maybe top forty in Baltimore. <SEP> But in Salisbury that's all you would hear was This is the Doors !. So it was sort of a funny thing. <SEP> There's a big variation among the country. If you go down south country music and. Y-. That's. I'm starting to realize that. I never really thought about that much. But there is. <SEP> I didn't. I lived in Pittsburgh before Baltimore. And I never really noticed the difference when I moved to this area? <SEP> I really didn't notice at all. It just seemed the same. But when I went more rural it really changed. <SEP>. Chicago has a lot of good stations. Does it? <SEP> In fact they have a continuous news station which is nice if you're driving and you want to h-. You don't have to wait till the hour mark. It's sort of constant. You just turn there. <SEP> And you get the latest news and everything. It's sort of like C N N. You turn on your T V. And it's on. That would really be beneficial. So. Because you never hear the news basically on the radio. I never get it. <SEP> And if you don't read the paper you sort of fall behind if you're in the car all the time. <SEP> That's pretty good. So. I like to listen to tapes of music or stuff on a long trip. <SEP> And now you can even get books on tape. On fact my grandmother does that a lot because she's blind. <SEP> Or she's losing her sight or whatever. But. That in. I can imagine if you're driving cross country listening to a story. <SEP> S-. Lot of the classics are really on tape. <SEP>. So that's a lot of fun. But. That would be good. <SEP> We strayed a lot from music. I guess so. But I guess music comes into that whole aspect of listening. So as long you're listening. <SEP> So. But if you do have to go something I guess we can just cut off. <SEP>. Jack it was nice to talk to you. Nice talking to you Tom. And good luck. And I hope you get some more calls and make some more calls. <SEP>. Thank you.
sw2548.txt:What kind of a car do you drive now? I drive a Honda Prelude. Do you? I drive a Honda Accord. <SEP>. I bought mine a year ago. So I'm not buying a car any time soon. Me either. I just bought mine. It will be a year in August. <SEP> I love it though. I love Hondas. It. I think I found my car. <SEP> I like where all the controls are they're in good spots. And I have an automatic I can't drive a standard. <SEP> I have a standard. But. I. An it's supposedly real reliable. The only thing I've ever heard about Hondas is that the breaks go out first. <SEP> I hadn't heard that. What did you have before you bought that. <SEP> I had a Buick Regal. Did you? I had a Mazda R X Seven before that. And that was the worse car I've ever driven in my life. <SEP> The Buick was great. It was nine years old. And it was still going strong. The only problems I had with it in the nine years that I owned it I had to replace the compressor when it was about seven years old. <SEP> And that was the only major problem that I had. I had little piddly things like I had to replace the muffler. And I had replaced the tires. And seems like it had a radiator leak once. But I never had any major anything other than the compressor. <SEP> I really never had anything major with my Mazda. But it was a standard also. And the clutch went out on it toward the end. I had it five years. And the last two years it seemed to go out really easily. I think it went out twice in two years. And that's a lot. It shouldn't go out that much. And so I went ahead and bought another standard when I bought the Honda. But I don't think I'm going to do that again. I think I'm going back to automatic now. <SEP> I never. I kind of know how to drive standard. But I've never owned one. So I don't drive one a lot. I don't feel comfortable in traffic with it. <SEP> And for everything I've heard it's a lot easier to sell an automatic. It is. And resale value is really important to me. That's true. <SEP> It is me too. That's why I got the Honda. Hondas have great resale value. <SEP> The Mazda definitely did not. Not at all. They're worse than American cars or just as bad as far as resale goes. I did pretty well with my Regal because it was in really good shape. But it still looked real nice. <SEP> The interior was still really nice. There wasn't cracks all over the dash board and stuff. And it had some nice features. So I ended up okay with the Buick. <SEP> And I anticipate the same thing with the Honda whenever I decide to sell it. Of course I may never sell it. I may drive it until it's dead. But. That's what I did with the Mazda drive it until the clutch went out and the wheels fell off. <SEP> So probably what I'll do again. But I really like the Hondas. I like foreign cars a lot. <SEP> I looked at the Mitsubishi Galant. I was looking for a four door car having driven the R X Seven so long. <SEP> And it was so small. And it's really impractical. So I wanted something with a real trunk and four doors something easy to get in and out of. And I looked at the Galant. And those were really nice. And I can get them for a great price. But I found it hard to deal with the dealership I was going through. <SEP> That's how I ended up with a Honda. I wasn't even looking for a car when I bought this car. I was thinking about buying a Prelude from a friend who was moving to New York or something. And she was going to sell her car because she didn't need it anymore. And it was only a year old. And I had never driven a Prelude. So I went to a dealership because they had the same year and same model of Prelude on their used car lot. <SEP> And I went and I test drove it. And I just fell in love with this brand new white Prelude two liter S I with the sun roof and the moon roof. They're nice I think. <SEP> And I bought it loaded. I have to have them loaded. <SEP> I love all those little things that you don't need. But they're so wonderful. I went there looking at a used car. And two days later I bought this car. <SEP> I felt like that was largest impulse that I had ever made. The two other things that I bought on impulse are a V C R and a washer and dryer. I understand. <SEP> I go for the big stuff. I noticed. Mine was definitely not impulse. I really needed a new car. Mine was just it was getting worn out from being a sports car. I drove it kind of hard. <SEP> And I got it right after high school. So by the time I traded it in it was ready. I got my Buick as a high school graduation gift. Ready to go. <SEP> Did you? But I guess this wasn't really an impulse. Buying it right then and right quickly was kind of impulsive. But I'd been thinking about buying a new car for about three years. And I was just scared to. <SEP> I was scared to start taking on payments because the Buick was long since paid for. That's the same with me. Would you ever buy a used car for a new car for yourself? Buy a used car? <SEP>. I was going to buy one once. But I worry about who's driven them and what they've been through and the warranties and things like that. <SEP> Just I can't seem to get over that. That just bothers me. I don't know why. On Hondas they. Supposedly the maintenance records was supposed to be registered with Honda or whatever. And you can request whatever maintenance records exist on cars. And you can have them checked out by mechanics and stuff. That's true. <SEP> They can't stop you from doing it. Hoping that they do go to a Honda dealership to get them serviced. <SEP> And even if they didn't you can still get a good idea if you can get a good mechanic to check it over real carefully and check the block and everything. That's true. <SEP> I guess that's all. I enjoyed talking to you. I enjoyed talking to you. <SEP>.
sw3103.txt:. I am the product of as much the changing roles of women as anyone. My mother. We come from a. My mother and I were really first generation divorce in our family. <SEP> My mother was divorced in nineteen fifty-seven when I was seven years old. <SEP> And I was the first one of anyone that anyone had ever known to have a divorce. Of course now fifty percent divorces in the United States. My mother was treated very badly by a lot of family members especially from my father's side of the family. And also we were ostracized by his family basically we just kind of dropped off the face of the earth. <SEP> And they all felt that there was never an issue that my father was the cause of the reason for the split up even though he had impregnated another woman and forced the divorce. <SEP> It was always my mother's fault she was not sufficient she just was not good enough. What was wrong with her was she not attractive enough did she not take good enough care of her man to keep his interest. It was that kind of an attitude. That's too bad. So. It was too bad. It was really rough. That's sad. It really is. <SEP> So that's so changing. Some of the changing roles of women in that respect I have been a product of. I think that there are people that. I was first generation going to college in my family. <SEP> First my mother had always had a quote career but always a career in a secretarial position. She did rise to the highest position that a woman could rise to in a secretarial profession in Des Moines Iowa. That's wonderful. She was a secretary to a federal judge. <SEP> And it was a lifetime appointment for her as well as for him. So that was a really high status position. That's wonderful. She made over thirty thousand a year. That speaks well of your mother. <SEP> She a real hard la-. She had high standards. <SEP>. Hard driving lady with a steel rod up her back. Bless her heart. <SEP> So I went to college and now since have completed two master's degrees. And I am the director of music in a church. But interestingly enough I am still everyday confronted with. Challenges. <SEP> Challenges that have to do with my sex. For instance I am just not taken as seriously at professions as many of the men who are doing the same job I do. <SEP> And the choir members treat me differently because I am a woman they expect me to be more motherly. They question my authority more than they ever would a man. And I have experience with this because I work both as a director of music and also as an associate under a man. So I am pretty aware of what goes on in the church. <SEP> So basically that's. I am done talking. Do you want to talk? I think that you carried forth your subject matter very well Nickie. And I can relate to that. I think it's the image that the woman has in the world as the lesser of the two. <SEP> Always. And I think things are changing. But the changing is taking a long time longer than we would like it to take. <SEP> And I think we are progressing at a snail's pace. But we are progressing. <SEP> So that's the main point is that we are going ahead. And I think that in the long term that women are going to be able to have the recognition that they deserve. <SEP> And men a lot of them have come around and have seen the error of their ways. <SEP> But there are a lot of die-hards out there that will never change. So we have to face that reality also. <SEP> I have never been able to figure out why they can not ever change why they can not bend. Why they can not just accept competent women. I have never been able to understand that. I guess it's fear. What. It could be if they are not sure of themselves. The ones that go along with that they are sure of themselves. <SEP> And they know that they can be on the same level. And they do not have any ego problems that they are fighting. <SEP> And I think that we are going to be on par with them in salary and in recognition in the long term. <SEP>. And what I would like to see happen futuristically is what we are discussing is that we each have our jobs in life and that we should recognize that. And that we should support each other. <SEP>. <SEP>. And I think our problems would be fewer if we supported each other. And just looked at each other as equals and none lesser because we are equal. <SEP>. <SEP> Men have a lot of trouble with that though. In their own peer relationships they do not treat themselves equal. And so it's really difficult for them to treat women as equals. They are really much more comfortable with somebody being the boss and somebody being the follower. It seems that they are more comfortable that way. And I do not know if it's a militaristic point of view. Somebody can not be colonel. And everybody else is infantry. But it's just really interesting to me. I am married to a wonderful man who treats me with as. <SEP> I think probably is as enlightened as anyone can be at this particular stage in their life time. But when he gets angry it's always over control issues it's always over power issues it's never over it's always you said you were going to do something. And you did not do it. As if he is the boss. And I am the slave. And it. Those are the only issues we ever fight about. I think it's just difficult for men to accept women equally. Even if they want to they are more comfortable when somebody is the boss. Dictatorships are real efficient. I guess we would have to go back to the way that the Lord made us. <SEP> And the women when they are married they are to be subjective to their husbands. And I believe that strongly. <SEP> But I think that they should be in harmony with what they are with what the subject matter is. And I think the issue should be settled before there's a conflict. <SEP> And I think that can happen in a very wonderful way. And if we men and women would do as the Bible said that we would esteem each other higher than ourselves. <SEP> Can you picture that? If your husband did that to you and you did that to your husband you would always be trying to please each other and not yourself. <SEP>. <SEP> It's true. And that's really the divine answer and the right answer. <SEP> So that would be a beautiful relationship. It would be. And I think there are some people that have done that. <SEP> And I have seen it. And it's just marvelous. And I am just in awe to see this.
sw2465.txt:Do you own a P C? I don't. I have one at. The company I work for furnishes. So I can work at home. <SEP> And it's just an old compact that is super slow. But it does its job. So. What processor does it have in it? I don't know. It's so old. It's one of. What kind of work do you do on it? <SEP> I do television ratings. And I process some ratings and do graphics for their television stations their clients. So. <SEP> It's basically just data entry and running some software. So it doesn't really have to be anything sophisticated. I don't own a P C. But I work for T I. And. My husband does too. So. I have a fairly fancy one. It's a T I model. It's an S P one thousand which has a it has a fast processor in it a three eighty-six. <SEP> And I. The job that I do. I do a lot of training of our customers for new products. And I have to develop functional specs and desk top publishing and everything. So it's kind of fun. <SEP>. I always say that I need to buy a computer for the house. But I just haven't got around to doing it yet. <SEP> I'd like to have one for the house too. But sometimes my husband says usually I work on the computer all day at work. I don't want to come home and have to work on one too. Your husband what group is your husband in? Something with the defense. <SEP> Defense systems and electronics group? Something like that. They've changed their name so many times I've lost track. So. I see. <SEP> He works up in Plano. I work on printers and the peripheral products division basically. <SEP> I work in the airline marketing group. So we do a lot of. <SEP> I didn't even know they had anything like that. There's so. They're. I learned so many things that they do. They're into so many different things. So. <SEP> I just kind of. In for a while. He had one of those top secret things where he couldn't talk about what he did so. For a while. <SEP> But then he switched jobs. I don't understand half the stuff he does. And I have. Is he a programmer? I see. <SEP> Software design engineer as they call it. So. But I have a degree in information management which is computer. <SEP> It's basically more the business end of it than the programming end of it. But I've been at it for five years. So. Everything's changed so much I probably couldn't even get a job right now. It seems like it's changed so much. So they've made such advances in computers. So. So does your husband ever use a laptop or a notebook? Does he bring a little one home with him. Or. <SEP> Sometimes he brought home a portable one. But it quit working. So he brought it back. And he just hasn't brought another one home. But they did give him a new computer at work. So. I see. We build laptop and notebook computers here in Temple also. <SEP> And those are really handy. They have modems in them you can send a fax from your P C. How nice. But they're really. <SEP> He doesn't have one of those. So. What's that? He doesn't have one of those. They're pretty handy because when I travel it's easy to check messages. Just plug in the phone to your computer and dial in. <SEP> And. My husband doesn't have to travel. So. I just found out I'm going to Denver Sunday night again. <SEP> At least you get to. So that kind of reeks havoc with plans. But it's really not enough to become a big hassle. <SEP> That's good. Some people enjoy the travel. But I don't think I'd like it if he traveled a lot. I see. I would love to have a computer. They. But they're so expensive. I don't know. There you can get. Depends on what you consider expensive. <SEP> You can get real high powered stuff now for under two thousand dollars where just a few years ago it would have been six seven eight nine thousand dollars. I guess it's inexpensive compared to what it used to be. But it's a lot to put into one. It's still. Two thousand dollars isn't just pocket change to a lot of people. <SEP> That's right. It's not. It's not pocket change. So it's major. Maybe when the kids get in school that will be. When they start needing something then that will be different. But. When I started at T I I was a Summer development student and finishing up at school. And so those papers really. It was nice having access to the equipment to. <SEP> I remember that. I had to do some of my husband's papers because I had access to one. But his was more for scientific stuff than for word processing. So. <SEP> I did a lot of his papers. They come in real handy. That was a lifesaver. How many different types of packages do you use? At home? <SEP> All I. The packages I don't really use. What I use that outside development that we use most of it's just stuff that's been written in house that I use. I've got. Up at work anyway I use WordPerfect and Lotus and which is a line-draw package. I know those two. <SEP> I've just used WordPerfect and Lotus the most. You probably use or something like that for your data entry stuff that you're talking about. <SEP> A lot of the data entry stuff they used uh survey system and just in-house programs to do what they needed. I work. Do you work at home all the time. Or just. <SEP> I worked for this company before I had my first daughter. And they just wanted me to continue working for them at home doing other things. So. That worked out pretty good then. <SEP> It did. I really don't do a lot of what I used to do. I just do something really minor. But it's something that nobody else wants to do. <SEP> And it's time consuming. So. So it keeps you in the company? That's right. It gives me a paycheck. The work. Goes for three to four weeks three times a year. <SEP> It's not something that's continual because the television ratings don't come out all the time. They only come out four times a year. But. I tell you if I could bring a computer home and do stuff here I'd get all kinds of stuff done. Phone's always ringing. And people always asking me to do something else. <SEP>. I've got a lot of. Especially right now we've got several new products coming out. And I've got lots of documentation I need to review and some I need to revise. <SEP> Will they let you take a computer home to work? But I need to be at the office too. I've just got to deal with all those other things that happen. But a P C at the house would really take a lot of the load off. <SEP> I bet. My hu- he took one home when they had a big deadline coming up. And it was looking a little touchy to meet. So. I've done that before a couple times. <SEP> But that would make it just that much easier. Instead of bringing home a computer you just bring home a few floppy disks. That's right. I thought that would be. Because it's real nice with this because I don't even have to go into the office. I've maybe been into the office once in the past three years. <SEP> They just send me everything and pick it up courier or whatever. So. That sounds really nice. It is real nice. I just deal with them on the telephone. Half the people don't even know who they're talking to. <SEP> But I worked. I know most of them. I can't say that. A lot of people changed around there. But most people know who I am. But I don't know who they are. A lot of them just know me by name and phone voice. I've got a lot of folks that I've worked with like that as well. <SEP> You just know them by the telephone. But it's been good talking to you. I think we've got the subject. We sort of stayed to the topic anyway. We tried. It's hard to sometimes. We'll talk to you later. <SEP>.
sw2669.txt:The topic was should the United States adopt the metric system and if so should. How should they do it? Why didn't it work last time? And why didn't it work last time? <SEP> I'm all for it. I am too. I wish it had started a long time ago is the problem because we're so wound up in the system that we've got that trying to convert over. And I guess they tried soft conversion and hard conversion. <SEP> They tried the. One of them is where you just take whatever's already standard. And you give it some sort of a weird metric number like six point two eight seven instead of six millimeter. Direct conversion. I don't know. <SEP> I think they just ought to just go all the way on new products introduced or whatever start your packaging go to liters instead of quarts. And people if they have to are going to learn to think that way. Doesn't just about everything now have both metric and English. They do. But things are generally packaged in the English sized packages. You buy a quart of milk. And it has the metric equivalent written on there. But it still a quart. <SEP> But if they started putting it in liters of oil and liters of gasoline people are going to learn to think in metric. As long as you can still buy a product in the English units that's how you're going to think of it. I kind of remember back when gas prices started up pretty dramatically when they started getting toward a dollar a gallon range. Somebody had. I believe it was Exxon. It figures. We were living in Lubbock at the time. They started marketing it in liters. And it was only twenty-nine and thirty cents a liter. So they could put this sign out front that said thirty-nine cents a liter. <SEP> And nobody had any idea what a liter was. So. That's the problem. When we finally out that liters was about a quart there's about four liters in a gallon. So you can figure out what you're actually paying for it. <SEP> It's kind of hard for me to believe that this day and age. I don't know. When I was growing up we were talking metric system in school. Not at first. But by the time I was in fifth or sixth grade anyway. <SEP> I would expect people with any kind of buying power under the age of thirty or so to have some idea what it is. A liter's about a quart. I think maybe there's where the problem came in. We've tried to instead of learning. It's kind of like learning a language. When you learn one from the other you always end up in this conversion thing all the time. So you. It's almost like. Course this country isn't a dictatorship. But it's like somebody said as of such and such a date anybody caught talking in the English will be shot or something like that. <SEP> But. Thing is it's a global market place these days. And we're one of two backwards countries in the world as far as. I read that Uganda and. <SEP> Something. I don't remember what the other one is. But. There's one or two others that just. It's just time for us to go over. Because all you end up doing is if you're in business or you're in any kind of international. <SEP> I don't. I work for T I. We're all around the world. You have to perform this conversion anyway. I do too. <SEP> And. And one of the things that we've run into a problem. Course you're familiar with the T I drawing with any drawing system you end up with things in parts of inches half fourth this sort of thing. Mils and microns. <SEP>. And then you end up with a decimal where you start getting into mils and that sort of thing. <SEP> And then some of them are done in purely metric. I remember that stink came around in the design area a few years back when it was all overseas designs were in microns. And ours were in mils. <SEP> And it got to. Somewhere down the line they went standardized. They went microns. But you end up with all kinds of problems with converting your designs. I can imagine. The one that. Have you ever lived in a country where they use metric. <SEP> I was with T I in El Salvador for a while. And I had to get used to purely metric system down there because they didn't understand anything else. If you start talking about miles they'd look at you like what. So I had a little bit of experience with it. And also I noticed in Canada you drop a quarter fifty cents whatever in a coke machine up there. And you get this funny looking coke. It's in a can that's taller but not as big around. <SEP> I guess that's some. About half a liter. It's not a liter. It's a half a liter or something like that. It's a strange looking can. But my daughter in law's from Panama. And they have had Americans down there for so long that they're kind of into both systems. But she gets real confused on distances. And temperature is the big thing the Centigrade for which she says Celsius. <SEP> I would have more problem with the temperature except that working in engineering we do everything in Centigrade or Celsius. <SEP> I had kind of gotten used to centigrade temperature. If it's between zero and ten it's cold. And if it's ten and twenty it's not too bad. If it's between twenty and thirty it's pretty warm. It's getting warm. If it's more than thirty it's just hotter than all get out. But. The big problem is not having the resolution between a hundred or what thirty zero thirty four degrees whatever that is. You don't get all the little differences. <SEP> It's about. The differences between seventy and seventy-two or seventy-five degrees isn't much. But the difference thirty and thirty-five degrees is quite a bit. Is about twice as much what it works out to. Five. <SEP> One point eight times as many points. Something like that. So. I think as long as people have a choice they're going to stick with the American way. <SEP> And until we have to learn to think that way we won't. Though we call it the English system. But I'm not sure what they do in England now. They're on metric aren't they? For the most part I think so. Except they've got a. We run into some problems once. I remember they've got a nut and bolts system called Wentworth. And this thing was even different than S A E standards and stuff. So. <SEP> This ca-. My dad bought one of these little Nash Metropolitans here quite a few years back. And the thing had a Austin Heeley type engine. It was Austin motors engine and running gear. And the body was built by Nash. Or. That was even before American Motors. But Nash essentially in the U S somewhere. And that thing had the darndest combination of metric and Wentworth and S A E. He ended up with about three sets of tools in order to work on that fool thing. <SEP> He just get one more. Because I think the Wentworth and the S A E bolt sizes were the same. But the threads were different. And it was a total mess. That would be a mess. And on my Chevy van that's a couple of years old. Part of it's built in Canada. Matter of fact the thing is I always say it's built off shore because it was assembled in Canada. The only thing that was in it built in the U S was the differential. And it was built in Buffalo New York. But it's got the hardest combination of metric. And most of the body parts seem to be metric. And most of the engine parts seem to be S A E. So. It's just crazy. <SEP> It just gets bad. You got to have one and not mix them up. Because you're never going to get to one system if you still got a mix. And of course here that would involve changing road signs all across the country miles per hour to kilometers per hour and the whole nine yards. Kind of hard to do gradually. I thought maybe they would convert to metric back when they went to the fifty-five mile an hour speed limit because fifty-six or fifty-seven's a hundred kilometers. <SEP> And you know. You'd have people doing a hundred miles an hour. You'd have. Hundreds on the sign looks lot better than fifty five. You'd have people going a hundred miles an hour. <SEP> And so. I don't know. I'd kind of. And the other thing too is between here and El Paso's five hundred miles. But it's almost eight hundred kilometers. That'd sure seems like a long way. But they'd seem to be ticking off faster too. I guess that's it. <SEP> Every road sign you come to is I don't know it that far. They converted all the road signs to fifty-five miles an hour. They could've converted it to metric just about as easy. I think they. You got the problem with all your cars are still. You still got cars on the road that don't have both. <SEP> At that time that was still when things were. The metric system was still not. Not all that common. Now cars they have both. Sooner or later they'll start putting the miles on the inside and the kilometers in big numbers so people start thinking that way. I know the only other place that I was ever at where they really had it mixed was in Panama where's a lot of the road signs and everything are in miles per hour. And some are in kilometers. And you got to know where you are because anything that was the old canal zone is going to be miles per hour. <SEP>
sw3131.txt:We're to discuss a little bit about the process of putting someone in a nursing home and making the decision on a family basis. And probably the first question would be whether you've ever had to go through that process. Not so much personally. But my husband has an aunt who has been like a second mother always lived in the same town and took care of him and such. They live down in College Station where his parents do too. <SEP> And they put her in a home last year. She appeared to have a couple of light strokes and started to not be able to be in her apartment on her own. <SEP> So they found a place nearby that they put her in last year. It was pretty much a physical decision? Although she is in pretty good health and doesn't take any medication. It's just she had had her own apartment and drove a car and everything up until that point. <SEP> Then she was starting to lose memory sometimes which is kind of frightening when she's in the car. My husband's family are reaching that point. But it's so difficult. Was she in favor of it. Or was she kind of opposed to it? <SEP> When it finally came down to it she just got to the point after the. It wasn't a very strong stroke. It was just kind of all of a sudden she wasn't herself anymore. And she got kind of fearful of being on her own. She never really ate very well. It was one thing. She hardly ever took care of herself. <SEP> And she didn't eat. She ate very poor. So I think she was bad nutrition on top of it. And she got to the point she didn't want to alone anymore. So. So often I think though elderly people don't realize that their diet is that bad. I work with a lot of elderly people. I'm a trust officer. And so often they think they're adequately caring for themselves when they're really not eating very much or very balanced meals. <SEP> She was almost ridiculous. She'd eat ice cream and cookies. She'd. That's part of the aging process That your taste buds goes back to the sweet taste. Didn't one. <SEP> It really is. <SEP> She didn't want to cook for herself anymore. That's too much trouble. That's too much trouble. Didn't want to cook. And the portions. People don't want to try to figure out little bitty individual meals. I do that right now. <SEP> And I'm not near nursing home age. Although they've got Meals On Wheels Which I understand is a really good way to handle that so that at least they eat. <SEP> So as a family you all just visited nursing homes. Or probably in College Station there wasn't a whole lot of choice. I don't think there was. I know a little bit more from a co-worker. Her mother-in-law had been in for quite some time and had different degrees of a place that she was in. <SEP> She was ambulatory. And so there was a lesser care. Then she got uh hip broken. And then she wasn't as ambulatory. So they were almost to the point of saying she can't be here anymore. But I remember from her checking around she ended up staying at the Arkansas House out in Arlington something like that. <SEP> And you know the type of facilities whether it's a shared room or two separate rooms that share a bathroom. All of them all seem to say that people there are going to steal their items. That's a given. They're always saying that somebody's going to. And some of them unconsciously do it as a just half seni-. <SEP> And sometimes the help there does it I think. So they don't have too many facilities for their personal items. Very limited space waste. <SEP> But at least they all seem to have people that monitor their medication intake and dining facilities go to the dining room and eat some good meals. I know when my friend's mother-in-law first went in very antisocial. Maybe it takes a while for them to say I'll be with other people. But. Adapt. <SEP> I don't understand that they don't want to be with anybody else. As I think I mentioned I was in the trust business. And I've seen so many elderly people. Usually there has to be some wealth involved which is great if you don't make the decisions so late that you're worried about money. But the places like Presbyterian Village and some of the retirement places where they have different levels of care seems to be so much better as far as elderly people adapting. <SEP> They're able to move in while they're still independent and still social. And they do group things. And then if health or mental capacity deteriorates they're able to take the next steps without so much change. And I wish everybody could go that direction rather than just all of a sudden moving out of the home they've always been in. It's really kind of difficult. <SEP> I have a. My aunt's mother is gotten ill recently. And she lives in Pennsylvania. They live in Alabama. And they're saying we need you to be closer. And you have women like that. I don't to men. It seems like the women just out live their husbands but very reluctantly. That whole. <SEP> They don't get out of the house. They don't socialize. But it's my home. And I don't want to leave it. And it's the first step in actually accepting that you are failing and aging. Once you make that step you know that it's just going to be downhill from then on. And I've seen people really fight it that desperately needed to make the change. <SEP> They became. In fact that's probably what's going to happen with my husband's mother. She's going to endanger herself before she'll willingly make the decision. And that scares me the thought of forcing somebody to do something. But it's so lonely. They can't get out and see anyone. And it's hard for someone like me to understand that. <SEP> Because I think what do you have there? It's a house. It's walls. And it's furniture. But there's nobody there. Not as independence. <SEP> Don't you want to be close to me? Be with other people. <SEP> I just don't understand why they so much want to just stay in that building. <SEP> And there's no family there. They don't get to see their grandkids. They don't get to see their children. They just there in that house. And the quality of life really isn't there. It's tough. It really is. <SEP> That's from the child's standpoint. The child is going why don't you want to be close to me and your other family. What does that house got attraction? They fear being dependent on somebody. <SEP> I know they're really proud of independence. They fear being a burden to family members. My husband's mother will have major surgery. And we'll find out about it in a casual conversation. <SEP> She'll let something slip. And we'll say wait a minute. And that's it. She just. I didn't want to bother you. She can't accept that we want to be the care givers. When she got home who took care of her? She stayed in a temporary nursing home. Until she was okay. <SEP> It's just. But it's frightening to us because we live pretty far from her. She's down in Temple. And we can't see her often enough to really know what's going on. <SEP> So it's difficult. It really is. And we're all heading that way. And. My husband and I we have been thinking about his folks are in College Station. <SEP> And we've pretty much planned that we'll be here in the Dallas area. And there's nothing to hold them there in College Station since they're retired. So we thought maybe we could get them to move a little closer here.
sw3266.txt:. Discussion on child care. Do you have any children? They're all grown up. <SEP> I work in a day-care center. And. You know all about it then. <SEP> I enjoy it a lot. It's been quite a few years. I have grandchildren but haven't really been into selecting child care for them. So. And it's been quite a few years since I've had to think about that. <SEP> Do they go to a day-care center. Or do they stay at. My daughter that has three stays home with her children. That's nice. And one of my daughters has one. But an aunt keeps the baby. <SEP> That's nice. But I would not really know how to go about selecting one nowadays. But I would imagine it's very hard. I think so. I think it's hard to find a good day care. I have worked at some other ones that were not very good in my opinion. <SEP> But this one that I'm in now is very good. And one of the key things is how many adults are there in ratio to the children. And in Pennsylvania for babies there has to be a one to four ratio at the most. No more than four babies per care giver. <SEP> But we keep it down to two to one. That's good. That makes it a little easier to deal with. I've always thought it would be really tough. What if you had a fire or something with babies? <SEP> I know. We. You would have to be able to have enough. You'd have to be able to get them all out. What we do is we have these cribs in the back room where they sleep that are low to the ground. <SEP> And they're reenforced real strong. And they'll sit four babies. We would just lie them in there. And they roll real well and maneuver. That's a. That will get them out. I hadn't thought about that. But I was thinking if they had very many babies they couldn't possibly get them all out. <SEP> But you could put them in one of these cribs and then roll the crib out I guess. <SEP> That's neat. That's certainly something we hope never happens. Do most of your day-care workers really care about the children. Or is it just a job for them? <SEP> Most really care in this center really care. Most everyone has a college degree in early childhood education. And really there's only like eight children per room. And then there's mostly three care givers in each room. <SEP> And that enables them to spend more time with the children. Sometimes I feel like all I'm doing is changing diapers giving bottles and putting babies down for a nap. So it's nice to be able to play with them and really get to know them. It's easy to get attached to them too. How old are the children go with this center where you work? <SEP> In my room they go from eight weeks to nine months. And throughout the center it goes up to age twelve. <SEP> I have the real real young ones in my room. You've got the little bitty ones. Those are probably the best group to have. <SEP> They're wonderful. They don't complain too much. And they're fun. They are a lot of fun. Babies are fun. And they're not quite big enough to be getting into everything yet. So. <SEP> Not quite. It's a. When they start to crawl they try to climb up on things. And. You have to be real careful everything is baby proof. All the doors have latches and stuff so they can't get into anything. But they try. Do you think there's very many really good day-care centers around your area? <SEP> But. In my area. Because I live in a college town in Penn State University. <SEP> So I. There is a lot of college educated people and stuff that are in the centers that really seem to have an idea of what's going on. And in general though I've been really disappointed with a lot of other centers I've worked at and all. <SEP> It's not my choice for when I have children. But some people don't have a choice. Sometimes it's a have to. I hear a lot of the girls I work with constantly. I wish I could find someplace I really felt good about. You know? <SEP> Most of them don't really feel that it's a great place to leave their kids. That is sad. And it's really bad. One of the girls she was leaving hers at where she felt like was a really good place. And then they called her one afternoon and said we thought we'd better call and tell you before you got over here. Lacy fell asleep on the bus after our field trip today. And we just now found her. <SEP> What? They had left her on the bus closed up all afternoon. And so immediately she says I can't have any confidence in them anymore. If they'll take a group of kids to the zoo or somewhere and then come back and not even count them and realize they're one short. <SEP> But one of the teachers happened to walk by and see her pounding on the window trying to get out of the bus. And this was four hours later. <SEP> That poor child. So i-. What do you do? That's awful. So she has switched to a different center now. And. <SEP> I.
sw3090.txt:Do you keep a family budget. Or do you have some. I don't use a family budget. My father who is very old has kept one his entire life. <SEP> And I probably rebelled against it. I probably should have kept one. He keeps every penny that comes in and goes out on a very strict percentage. Interesting. <SEP> We sort of started doing it years and years ago. And my husband started graduate school when we were first married. And I sort of just got in the habit. And never have gotten out of it. I can not really say that it's a formal budget. It's more just a fairly accurate recording of what I spend and what I think I am going to have to spend. And. <SEP> I think it makes much more sense. And I have recently gotten out of debt and everything. And I will probably start keeping a little better track of it. <SEP> I just spent whatever came in and never knew what came in and what went out. About like the government runs. <SEP>. That sounds real similar. <SEP> So I think it is probably better to have at least a record. But my dad was so precise that if it said to spend eleven percent on something that's what it was spent. And that was put over there. <SEP> And of course he is from the depression. So it's his life. <SEP> But I think it would be smart if somebody would keep some sort of a plan that works for them. I think you are right. It must have been sort of interesting to us. It's because since I have pretty much kept my record books for the last fifteen years I can go back and look. And it's real fun to just see how things have changed over the years. It is. For instance. <SEP> I'm a historian. And my father had kept them since nineteen twenty-seven. But he burned the ones from twenty-seven to fi-. I could not believe he did that. So I took the ones from fifty-two on to the present. <SEP> But to have looked back into the twenties thirties and forties it would have been fantastic to see that. <SEP> But. As a matter of fact my mother was going through some things not long ago. And she came upon a budget book that she had back in the thirties. When they. It was the late. I guess it must have been in the forties because they had been married probably fifteen years at the time. And it was just fascinating to see how little things cost. It was just almost laughable in some instances that. <SEP> Of course it's all relative of course. I know. But never the less it was fun to see those figures next to. For a pair of shoes was like five dollars. And. <SEP> I know. Even in nineteen sixty-three. I found a record that I had what I had paid for hotels. And a similar hotel in Paris is two hundred dollars a night now. <SEP> And I paid between four and five dollars in nineteen sixty. Isn't that something. <SEP> And that's really crazy. Cause that's about thirty years ago. That is really something. But of course it's just what the market will bear. That's true. <SEP> If people will pay two hundred then why charge ten. That's right. That's just good old economics working. <SEP> We have tried to instill some sense of budgeting in our kids. But our two children are just as unlike as night and day. And our son could care less about a budget. And our daughter watches her pennies so closely that she almost just sounds like your father. <SEP> She has everything planned so closely that if something goes wrong it just throws her for a loop. <SEP>. Then you never know how they will. One. They may flip flop when they get to be older. <SEP> The other one may be very careful. <SEP> And she may marry somebody. And of course it would be good because it you marry somebody a little loose then she will have that stability of watching. You should have one in the house. I think that is true. I. And I think that is probably what happened in our house. <SEP> And I think. Because I think my husband was not quite as good at saving and so on before we got married. And I was really diligent about that. I was putting money aside before I was married when I was working out of college. And that really paid off. Because when time came for him to go back to graduate school we were in fairly good shape financially as far as not having any major debts. And. <SEP> That's about the way it is here. If it had not been for my wife I would have probably been in debtor's prison if we had one. <SEP> But what does you husband do now? He is an engineer. He is an electrical engineer. And in fact went through many years of graduate school and got his P H D. <SEP> So we had a lot of years of budgeting. <SEP> You have to do it when you are in school. And. <SEP> When you. My wife is still in school getting her doctorate. <SEP> And it. I'm working on my master's degree now. And I have got. So in fact this last year we had three. Both of the children were in college. Our son has a year left. And our daughter graduated this year. And I'm just about ready to finish my master's degree. <SEP> So we have had once again a real lean year for us. I know. We had three in college plus my wife. But. <SEP> So that was four. So we were both in the same. You know exactly what it's like then. <SEP>. And it's. Which you learn. I guess you figure that that is an investment that is really invaluable. <SEP> That is the best one. With education you can't take that away from you. <SEP> That is right. It's one that you can live through. And I think that that's the way that we looked at it in our beginnings when my husband was in graduate school that there was a light at the end of that tunnel. That it was worth it to save and to not have something and in return know that something better was going to be at the end of it. <SEP> So it really makes it easier. That's true. But I have enjoyed talking with you Jerry. <SEP> I have enjoyed talking with you Kathy. And I wish I could hear more about your historian part of your life because that sounds really fascinating to me. I am interested in that. If I had your address I would send you. I am also in the travel business. I do tours. <SEP> And I can take some real great tours to Europe. So if you. My husband and I just went there last year. Actually we did not take a tour. We were in England and went to Ireland and Scotland and just rented cars and did it on our own. <SEP> But I. That sounds interesting. Is your business in Dallas then? It's here in Dallas. <SEP> In the Quorum. I'm Jerry Hammond. And I'm out at Brookhaven College. So you could just holler at me there. You are kidding. I'm going to be teaching at Brookhaven in the fall. <SEP> What is your last name? Kuenzer K U E N Z E R. And I'm. K U E N. Z E R. And I will be in the communications department teaching English One Oh One to. <SEP> Good. I will. I have a couple of sections. I know Zack Miller real well. That's the guy who hired me. <SEP> Wonderful. I will look you up in the fall then. Fantastic. It's been a good type conversation. <SEP>.
sw2710.txt:I started when I was in college. They always offer credit cards for college students. So I went ahead and accepted every one that I was offered. Because I knew it would be easier to go ahead and get them and establish credit early. <SEP>. So I pack around a lot of them. But I only use a few of them. <SEP> You have a lot of discipline. They make it really easy for people to get credit cards especially college students. I have two daughters who both are in college. Or in fact one has finished now. But they both have a lot of credit cards. And they give you such high credit limits. <SEP> It's easy to get caught up in the minimum payment trap. And then they give you the credit limit. And then you're always seemingly up to that limit. I have quite a few credit cards that I'm always almost up to the limit on most of them. And that's how a lot of people get into trouble. I've got two that usually I'll have a balance on. <SEP> And then all of the others I just try to use kind of like you would an American Express card and pay it off every month. And that way I feel like I'm getting a thirty day loan. <SEP> But I don't have to worry about running them up too high except at Christmas. Then they usually get run up pretty good. You have a lot of discipline. I'm trying my best right now to pay off some of mine. I've paid off about four credit cards this year. <SEP> But still I have some that are up to the limit. And especially the Visa Card that you can go and get cash on. <SEP> And it seems like every time I'm short of cash I just go get it from Visa. That's. I've never used my Visa for cash before. Can you use it at a bank machine. J-. <SEP> Or. You can go in a bank and just hand them the Visa Card and say `` I want a cash advance. ''. Or if they've sent you a number that you can use. A personal identification number that you can use in the impact machines or whatever you can do that. <SEP> Because I have one that I don't have a pin number for. Sometimes you have to ask them for that. <SEP> And then I have one that just gave me the pin number automatically. We got. That's funny you said that. Because my husband and I got credit cards in the mail one day that we hadn't even applied for. A couple of weeks later we got pin numbers. And then we got a bill saying the yearly fee it was forty dollars. <SEP> And we cut them up and sent them back because we hadn't even applied for them. And we didn't want them. But they had just automatically approved us and sent them without even contacting us. So I thought I don't know if I trust this or not. <SEP> They do that a lot if you have good credit and you have been paying your bills on time. Everybody in the world will offer you a credit card. It's let's see if we can get her to run up her bills. But it's hard. It's tempting when you see something to say `` I'll just charge it. ''. And sometimes I'll do that. But usually I will try to pay everything off the next month. Or the ones that usually have an outstanding balance all the time I'll pay more than the minimum payment. <SEP>. Just I feel like even that little bit helps. <SEP> The way the economy's going and inflation and the recession and all that I think we really need to try to stay out of debt as much as possible. That's why I've really started to try to pay off mine and get out of debt. Because we never know when we might get laid off or something. I know it. Especially me. I work for Texas Instruments. And they've had a lot of layoffs lately. I work for T I too. <SEP> You do? And I think they're getting ready to probably sell us out our division. Where are you? In Johnson City Tennessee. <SEP> Johnson City. I know they're selling out somebody in Colorado Springs. They just announced that didn't they? <SEP> So it's kind of a bad time to be a slave to your credit cards. It certainly is. I have worked on a part time job where I was a collector. For a jewelry company. <SEP> People that. They just had this jewelry account. It was Zales jewelry in fact. And a whole bunch of peop-. They have about a thousand collectors I guess. And there's just so many people that have bought jewelry which is really a luxury item. <SEP> And then they just can't pay for it. Something happens. And you hear so many stories listening to them. Like they lost their job. Or they've signed for a friend. They got it in their name. But they got it for a friend. And then the friend wouldn't pay them. Didn't pay them. <SEP> And now they're stuck with the bill. And it's ruining their credit. And you really have to watch this. Because. That's scary. <SEP> Because every month all of these credit cards report to the credit bureau. Automatically most of them do. I didn't realize that. And if you're. It's bad because if your bill is due on the fifteenth then you're not past due until the fifteenth of the next month. <SEP> But if you pay one day after that fifteenth you're not one day late. You're thirty days late. They don't recognize any time difference do they? <SEP> That's scary. <SEP> A-. And anyway we need to watch our credit reports and all that kind of. That's something I never thought about checking with to see what your credit report looked like. <SEP> You can do that. I believe it costs about ten dollars. Might be worth it for peace of mind. It is. It is. You might even find somebody's been reporting on you. And you didn't even know it. You might think you're paying something on time. And you by that day. And you're thir- thirty days is not real bad though anyway. If you've got a charge off on your credit report or something like that. <SEP> That's when it really gets bad. Or something you haven't paid in sixty days or ninety days. And things like that. I think that Discover Card has a good idea with giving you a little cash back incentive for each amount you purchase. As long as you don't go crazy trying to get cash back. And since they don't have the yearly fee. <SEP> Do they charge a lot of interest on that card? I don't know. I don't. I haven't gotten one. Just because it's. <SEP> I felt like with Visa and Mastercard and American Express you didn't need another one. I would think it wouldn't be much more than the eighteen or nineteen percent everyone else charges. <SEP> So that wouldn't be too bad. Always watch out for anybody who bills you out of Atlanta Georgia. Or there's a couple of other places that are able to charge us twenty-one and twenty-two percent interest. I know I had a charge with Spiegel. And I hadn't read the terms of the credit agreement really. <SEP> And when I did I realized that it just seemed like I was never paying the balance off. And I looked at the credit card agreement one day. And it was twenty-three percent interest. <SEP> And that's the one bill that I hurried and paid up. And I've always watched it since then. That's awful. <SEP> You really have to watch those interest rates. I mean. There's no point in giving them any more money than we have to. That's true. <SEP> So they can't bill you any higher than eighteen percent in Texas. But there are a couple of states that can. That's great. And one to watch out for is anybody that bills you out of Atlanta Georgia. I'll try to remember that one. <SEP> Let's see. I was trying to think if there was anything else. <SEP> I guess the worst problem I ever had with a credit card though was I got an item on my bill that I had never purchased. I had ordered a sofa and had filled out the paperwork. But they weren't supposed to process it until they delivered it. <SEP> And I changed my mind. But then they went ahead and charged it on my account. <SEP> And it took me about eighteen months to get all of that mess off of my account. So that's probably the worst thing I've ever had happen with a credit card. <SEP> I wonder if they.
sw2989.txt:Wayne I feel very strongly about parents doing things with their children and making time available even sometimes when time isn't available. How do you feel about it? I feel much the same way. I've two kids right now. <SEP> One is two and a half. And one's nine months. And that age of course everything you do they're trying to learn to do. And so it's important for you to spend time doing the things that you want them to learn that they need to learn at the age reading and playing nice with others and that sort of thing. We went through this with our children and now with our grandchildren. And I've always tried to do things with them like when you're at the little league helping out even though I'm not a good athlete myself. I was able to help the coach in just controlling the kids if nothing else. And we've always tried to take our children and our grandchildren to see and do things that otherwise they might not be able to. I think that's just part of their overall educational process is to get out and see and do things. <SEP>. And so it's. We have lived several places around the U S. And where we've lived we've taken them to see and do things of interest and of historical significance in the area. When we lived in Tennessee we took them to Washington D C to see all the capitol and things like that when they were small. And it's helps the children when they're learning in school to say I've been there and I've seen that. <SEP> That's the type. It certainly does because the things in the books seem so dead to the kids unless they've actually been there or whatever. Because I remember our family we went everywhere. And seeing New England and being on Plymouth Rock and stuff like that really made the whole thing more visual. <SEP> And we could read the things in the history books and understand what they said when it was we need to raise food quickly because this place gets very cold very soon. <SEP> We've gone through that. I remember my parents didn't do all those type things. And so I made a special effort with my children to do things like that. And even now with my grandchildren I feel it's a very important thing to be done. <SEP> Because if kids don't look up to you or can't feel they can spend time with you they're going to find someone else. And nowadays there's a lot of people out there that you don't want your kid emulating or whatever. I can remember one of the things I'm most proud of is when my son was. I think it was in the sixth grade. They had to write a little brief autobiography of themselves and about what they had done and what they wanted to do. And I was very proud when my son wrote that he wanted to have a family and be able to help coach little league and do things like his dad had done with him. <SEP> A real point of pride with me. That is nice. It sounds like we both have colds. <SEP> It's ten o'clock here in Falls Church Virginia. So that the only reason I'm home is because I'm home with a cold. We're. <SEP> And the wife says you need something to do. Talk to a guy on the phone. I'm sitting here on the ninth floor of an office building on the north side of Dallas Texas. We're kind of far apart here. <SEP> This is a very interesting program I heard about here on this. And when I signed up for it it looked like it could make a real contribution in participating. I'm an electrical engineer by trade here in Virginia. <SEP> Likewise we do some projects every now and then. We like to get support from other companies as well. I'm an accountant presently working as a contractor liquidating a failed savings and loan. Trying to work myself out of a job. <SEP> But it's been an interesting roughly nine months here. And again this is our home area. We've lived here about seventeen years. And it's. We enjoy living here. It's where we originally started out. And we've lived up north for a while in Chicago and over in Tennessee. So wound up back about two hundred miles away from where we started out. <SEP> That's about all I can think to talk about right now. It's been a pleasure talking with you. Thank you. <SEP>.
sw3275.txt:Do you have an opinion on credit cards? I do. You do? <SEP> What do you think about them? I think they get a lot of people in trouble. I have one right now. And I just got it about six months ago. <SEP> And I find that it makes it a lot easier to get things that you generally wouldn't get. And then you don't stop to realize that. You charge this for twenty charge that for twenty charge this for twenty. And pretty soon you owe a hundred dollars. And you don't stop to think about it. I got in trouble when I was in the service quite a few years ago ten to fifteen thousand dollars in trouble. <SEP> So I eventually got it all paid. Now I carry one. I have a gas card and a Visa card. And I never use them unless I need to. But they. <SEP> That's good. D-. I made a rule with myself when I got one that if I couldn't pay it in full every month that I'd have to rip it up. So. <SEP> That's a good idea. Stops all them interest rates. That's. And interest rates aren't none too shallow these days anyway. <SEP> But. But I know a lot of people that get in trouble with them especially. We have. I'm in Lubbock. And we have a bunch of college kids around here going to Tech. And they seem to get in trouble with them a lot. I have a couple friends too that have about three of them maxed out. And they can't do anything but work to try to pay them off. <SEP> And one of my friends hers is up to nine hundred dollars. And she only earns two hundred dollars a month because she's going to school. And so that's just enough to pay rent and buy thirty-five dollars worth of food a month. And pay for her monthly fee twen-. I guess you have to pay twenty dollars each month is the. Something like that. <SEP> So all she's paying is interest on hers every month. It just seems crazy to me. But. My wife got in trouble one time with hers. She was making forty-five dollars a month I think. And fifteen dollars of it was because she was over the limit. And fifteen dollars of it was interest. So she was only paying in it fifteen dollars a month. <SEP> And that was before we got married. So. But it's. We sat down and talked about it and discussed it. And it's come out pretty good. Now we have a eighteen year old that's fixing to get out of high school and go to college. <SEP> That's the first thing he wanted. Was a Visa card? <SEP> So we kind of discussed that a little bit and shot that idea down right quick. I bet. So. <SEP> I don't know. I'm about sick of mine right now. I don't. But I think they're too readily accessible. And there's too many companies out there that are willing to give them to you and get you trapped. You can always file bankruptcy to get out of it. But that's a lot of pain and hassle. In the olden days when my parents were growing up and we couldn't afford everything we didn't have such things as credit cards. We just waited until time come around that we could afford it. <SEP> And we had all the necessities. And I very seldom use a credit card on necessities. I always use it for something I want not something I need. <SEP> My parents are really good about not using credit cards. They are against it. I don't think they like the fact that I have one either. I think if cards were as stringent as a home mortgage loan or something like that where you have to be able to prove that you can afford this and the rest of your bills we probably wouldn't have the problems we have. <SEP> Of course we wouldn't have the retail market we have either. So I guess they trade one for the other. I disagree with it. But they still trade one for the other. <SEP> That's good. I'm. It sounds like you kind of got your head together in the credit department for. You sound pretty young. So. I'm twenty right now. Are you? <SEP> So just going to school and working. So. It does kind of get in the. When you want something that. Last weekend was homecoming. And I needed a pair of shoes. <SEP> So I just went out and bought them on my credit card. I didn't really have the money to do it. But. It's pretty easy. <SEP> It sure is. So do you just have two kids. Or. We have a eighteen year old seventeen year old and a seven year old. <SEP> I'm from Plano Texas. Are you? But right now I'm out in Provo Utah going to B Y U. So. You're a Mormon then? <SEP>. But this is a extra long one. What's that? <SEP> They're giving us a lot of time. They must not have too much traffic on Saturdays. <SEP> Have you done a lot of this? Fifteen or twenty I guess. <SEP> Do you do it every day? I try to every day. I get calls at work. I get calls at home. So. Wha-.
sw3691.txt:You bet. They tell you our topic? Pets. You've got it. <SEP> Do you have pets? We do. My wife and I have a dog that soon be eight years old. And we have a cat which is about five years old. How about you guys? <SEP> We have three dogs and two birds at this point. Three dogs. And two bi-. What kind of birds do you have? <SEP> Parakeets. Enjoy them? Have a ball with them. You let them out and let them fly around and everything? <SEP> Because my dogs chase them. So in order to have the birds not stuffed I have to keep them in their cages. You-. <SEP> This is like a cruelty joke. And I apologize if you're a bird lover. But we had a parakeet. And my fault put up our first electric fan. And never thought about it. <SEP> Knocked that parakeet right out of the air. We had that happen once. My son had the bird back in his room. Because the first one that we had was his bird. And I had a ceiling fan put up. And the bird got away from him one afternoon. And that sucker hit that fan and went flying up against the wall. I thought so much for the bird. It killed him? <SEP> He's still alive and kicking. That's. It killed ours. I'll be darned. I guess we didn't have it high enough or he didn't get hit in just the right spot. <SEP> But it threw him up against the wall. And he slid down the wall. Speaking of pets I'll tell you my kids are older now. Both of them are either in or out of college. But my son had a Burmese boa constrictor. And that thing grew to be seven and a half feet in length. I hate them. And finally my wife got rid of it because I didn't really like it. <SEP> We also had a. One year down in Florida on a vacation for Father's Day my kids years ago maybe ten years ago bought me a skunk from a exotic pet shop. It'd been deactivated as far as smell and everything. And we had that darn pet skunk for about five years. And my son left went to school. We finally sold his boa constrictor. But my son needed some money. And we sold it for about two hundred and fifty dollars. <SEP> You're kidding. So when the guy came over he was infatuated by that skunk. So I made him a deal. I said You take that skunk. And he said I'll sell that snake to you for two fifty. I said otherwise I'm going to give it to this other man. So he took the skunk too. And the skunk was a decent pet. But does his little jobbies in the litter box. And is. <SEP> That's pretty good. And it was sort of a neat. But they just stink too much. That was sort of fun. I tell everyone this story because my wife is a real pet lover. I use to visualize my wife. Many times my wife would be lying there on the sofa. And this snake honestly would be stretched across the top of her body with his head right on her neck. <SEP> You're kidding. And the skunk would be sitting at her feet. But the cat would be on the back of the sofa. And a dog would be running around crazy. <SEP> I can not ima-. I don't. In fact my brother has a exotic pet shop out in California. And he keeps threatening to send a snake through the mail. I'm going don't do that because they won't come in my house. My son bought this snake. Someone gave it to him when he was in junior high school. And it was just a small thing then. But it got to be pretty big. And you feed him small mice to big rats and things like that. <SEP> It's just too much. That snake used to watch our cat walk around. I always told my wife your friend's going to get our cat one of these days. <SEP> That is wild. I just can't do those and the lizards and all those things. Me neither. They need to stay outside far away from me. We're down to a simple dog and cat now. And that's the way it should be. And. <SEP> Haven't had any parakeets for quite a while. Birds. Customer of mine has a parrot. And sticks in my mind he paid eighteen hundred dollars for a parrot. And that was just mind boggling. They are so expensive. My son was just dying for a bird. And I'm really allergic to them. So I try to stay away from them except I've gotten real attached to this one. Are you? <SEP> And we went down to Canton one time two or three years ago now. And he'd saved up his allowance and picked him out a bird in a bird cage. And that stinking bird when I brought it home tried to take it out of the little box that they give you. <SEP> Clamped onto my finger and would not. I had to literally shake him off to get him in the cage. And he has tried to bite me for two years. And all of a sudden this bird and I have become wonderful friends. <SEP> He gives me kisses. He talks now. That's neat. And it's just hysterical. I'm the only one that pays attention to him. <SEP> And I'm a substitute teacher. And one of my fifth graders last year came up to me and said my mom's making me get rid of the bird. We have too many pets. I thought come tell me about it. Come to my menagerie. <SEP> They knew the sucker when they saw one. So now we have two parakeets.
sw3260.txt:Do you have children? We have two sons. One's a freshman in college. And one's a sophomore in high school. <SEP> And you? I have one that's a freshman in high school a daughter. And a son who's a sixth grader in a middle school. And I spend most of my time carpooling. <SEP> The story of my life. My kids are involved in sports. My daughter has played basketball for six years. And my son plays football. I. My rule is that they can't play a sport the same time of the year because there's just not enough of me to drive them around everywhere. <SEP> We did spend a lot of time. It really helped when the older one was old enough to get his license and could drive around by himself although that brought in a whole other set of problems. <SEP> I know. I know. The insurance. <SEP> But I fo-. For one thing. But. We do. But our two had totally different interests of. But there was not much overlap as such. The older one was not at all into sports for the most part. He participated. Band and scouts were his two big things. My son is in both band and scouts too. And the younger one is the sports one. <SEP> And whatever season it is he's playing although football is really his favorite. So. We spend a lot of time carpooling and then trying to be up as much as possible with anything that they do. <SEP> But then we also didn't spend time with them trying to. Just family time. We had a. At a fairly young age we started teaching them to play games and card games and so forth. But we didn't do it as much or as often as I would have liked to. I would like to do that as a family and some T V watching. <SEP> What about you? We found this Oriental tile game called Mah-jongg. I've heard of that. Have you? <SEP> I've never actually played it. But. It's really fun. One of my neighbors moved here from Memphis. And a lot of them played it. And she started a group going in the neighborhood. And my kids wanted to learn how to play it. And it's more fun with four people. And it's a game that none of their friends know how to play. And they both enjoy it. So if they want to play they have to play with mom and dad. <SEP> So we play that a lot of them. And we like to go miniature golfing and to movies. We have family that lives outside of the state. So we go visit both sets of grandparents and take car trips. <SEP> So do we. So that. And my husband and son go camping with scouts mostly. <SEP> My daughter and I hate camping so we go shopping. So that just kind of works out real well. <SEP> And I'm a writer by profession. And my daughter enjoys writing too. So a lot of times she and I will travel to writers conferences together. That's neat. So. <SEP> We've never had anything like that. So that gives us special time together too. <SEP> And she's on the yearbook staff and things like that. So I can help her with that. And she gives me ideas for my writing too. So. <SEP>. In terms of any sorts of trends I. Obviously things are different for me and my children than when I was growing up. I grew up on a farm in Iowa. And the whole family was around the whole time. And then what my father did was obvious to me. And I helped out with it. But although I have brought my boys to see where I work it's not that easy. And it's certainly not at all common. And they just don't really have that same idea. <SEP> So they. It's a whole different kind of thing there then. My husband has taken us to work with him. And we still don't know what he does. So we just say he travels a lot. So that kind of covers it. <SEP>. That makes it hard though in terms of family time with him. <SEP> I've been lucky in that respect that I don't travel too much. He's been on temporary duties where he's been gone nine months. <SEP> So those are the real killers. If he's just gone. He's gone three weeks right now. And that's mild compare to the big ones. <SEP> So. I just do the carpooling and handle whatever needs to be done. And something major always needs to be done. <SEP> So you just have to handle it until he gets home. <SEP> And hopefully he won't have too many surprises when he gets home.
sw2540.txt:Stephanie what's your position on gun control? On a scale of one to ten being ten no kind of legislation and zero being total ban I probably would lean more towards six or seven. I feel like a total ban on guns is just going to put the guns in the hands the criminals. <SEP> I lived in Massachusetts for two years. And they have a total ban on guns. And I saw that it didn't stop crime in that state. Was that just on handguns or was that on rifles? Any kind of firearms. <SEP> It's. There's was a mandatory jail sentence if you were caught with a firearm. And also I think there was a fine. And that didn't help at all? I don't. The crime is not any better or any worse. It's. <SEP> I shouldn't say I don't know if it was any worse. But it certainly didn't get any better. I usually just. I'm trying to think of. I guess I would tend myself to be more towards the three where I don't think you should necessarily ban guns by any means. But you should definitely have the character search and the seven day holding period and things along that nature. You shouldn't be able to go out there and just buy one right off the shelf. <SEP> I agree with that. But. I think that the law on who can buy a gun are way too lax. <SEP> I think that the. And so I think that kind of control would be good. But the. I'm trying to think of how many times you make the statement and just to kind of exam it a little bit. And I know that any statement in absoluteness is not necessarily true. Only the guns were in the hands of the criminals. But how many times. I guess I have never heard of a robbery being foiled or spoiled because the person who's being robbed had a gun. <SEP> I. And maybe they just don't report those. Or I'm not sure. Or I can't think of ever hearing on the news or whatnot or hearing or knowing anybody who was being robbed. But good thing they had their gun on them. And they thwarted the robbery attempt. I'm not really sure. Personally I don't own a gun. <SEP> And I don't think I probably ever would although I would like to know how to handle one. And I think everybody should learn how to handle one. You just never know when you might come into contact with one. <SEP> Were you brought up in a family that hunted. Or. Nobody in my family hunted. My father had guns when I was in high school because he got them from a friend who lived in Massachusetts. We lived in New Hampshire at the time. How about that. <SEP> And he lived in Massachusetts and had to get rid of all his guns. So we ended up with these guns. <SEP> And really my only experience with a gun was shooting a pistol and not knowing how to hold it right. And the hammer came back and hit me in the thumb and blood squirted everywhere. And so that was really the only experience that I've had with guns. And it kind of scared me. <SEP> But I think that if I learn how to use one I would feel better. I've also always thought about the idea most sports which are the N R A and people have their thing. If you ban guns you're just banning the recreation the sport of hunting things of that nature. Most of that's done with rifles and such. Though there's probably some sector that does it with handguns. But just by the mere fact of outlawing handguns would make it so that it would be not as conspicuous. You couldn't be inconspicuous when you walked into a store stuff like that. <SEP> You could see someone coming or dressed inappropriately. If they had to have a rifle or was. Made it more difficult to get a handgun. Of course in this world anytime you've freedom you can be able to get anything you want. That's true. But to make it more difficult for the person who's just so irate and upset and temporarily a little bit offset or off keel. I don't know if that's a large percentage of crime or not. But I guess it would be some. But I think definitely. Today they just introduced what's called the Brady bill. The seven day mandatory waiting period on getting any guns. <SEP> And I think that that's a good idea. I would definitely support that. <SEP> I agree the thing that scares me though about where I would definitely want some sort of legislation. And coming from the north east I'm just not used to seeing these. And I know this may sound kind of stereo typical. But the cowboys with the gun racks in the back of their trucks. That's kind of scary to me. To me it is more like vigilantism. <SEP> And it kind of scares me especially with all the shootings that have been going on in L A on the freeways. That's crazy. <SEP> And then you come here in the Dallas area. I don't believe that people should be allowed to carry guns in their vehicles. Especially not in the back window for everybody to see. That's kind of wild. <SEP> That is kind of wild. That's all very interesting. Thanks for talking. You're welcome. <SEP>
sw3983.txt:. What type of magazines do you have? We take several at home. I take SKIING MAGAZINE. And I take DISCOVER magazine and also C D AND STEREO REVIEW and NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC and BOYS LIFE. <SEP>. That's a good one I like to get. So I take it that you like to ski. Do you receive a lot of information on skiing through the SKI MAGAZINE? <SEP> I presume that I do. I suppose that puts me on some mailing lists and so forth because I do get things from ski associations and things during the year. <SEP> And do you receive discounts and things like that. Or. Not so much that I more likely to see those at a ski show or something. But I just enjoy reading about the resorts and where you can go and new equipment that's come out and so forth. <SEP> Some fashions are always in there too. <SEP> Would this vacation you're taking. Did you receive information from your skiing magazine? Probably not. We already knew we wanted to take one. And we just started looking around. I may have referred to a couple of them. But we went to the ski show and looked at all of the resort information picked up a lot of brochures and just decided to go to Crested Butte. <SEP> We haven't been there before. That sounds nice. <SEP> Kind of away from the crowd is why we chose that one. It's supposedly low lift lines. <SEP> But I haven't skied Utah yet. But I want to. You need to come out. I'd like to go to Sundance and Park City and some of those. <SEP> I understand Deer Valley is nice too. Deer Valley. They are. It's wonderful snow. How about you. What magazines do you have at home? I am currently taking DECORATIVE WOODWORKING and COUNTRY LIVING. And we do have NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC. And then we have some church magazines. But I really enjoy the DECORATIVE WOODWORKING. I'm heavy into woodworking and tole painting and things like that. So the DECORATIVE WOODWORKING has just been a great great help. <SEP> Does it have articles on how to do things as well as equipment that you can buy and so forth? <SEP> Mostly they have the ads on the equipment. But the whole magazine is just filled with pictures and projects that you can make yourself. And then it has all of the patterns and instructions that you would need to make a wood project and then how to paint it with the tole paintings. And so it's really a fun one. I like that. That's good. It's good to get use out of one. <SEP> I'm not sure that in the case of NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC. I read it. But then they just sort of gather dust for a long period of time. But then eventually there'll be a school project or something where my son will need to refer back through forty-eight back issues to find France or something or whatever it is he's looking for. <SEP>. I've noticed that too. But they have been nice to have around. Every once in a while they come in handy. <SEP> I used to take SMITHSONIAN too. I liked that magazine. <SEP> But I just found myself not ever getting around to reading it. You get so many coming in. And by the time the next round comes in I'm still not through reading the first round. That. <SEP> SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN comes to our house too I forgot. And that's mostly my son's. But I do read it too. <SEP> That sounds like. And he takes GAME MAGAZINE which has puzzles and things that he likes to solve crosswords and various logic puzzles and things like that. <SEP>. <SEP> He likes to try that. So. He does does get to be a lot of paper though. After a while if you don't keep them weeded out they almost take over. They can do that. I found that they've been fun for my little girls. They're five and four years old. And they like to go through. And. <SEP> They're just kind of getting started now. They like to cut the pictures out and paste them on. And so we've found good use for those. Mine is a senior in high school. So we're kind of at the end of that trail. <SEP> You're just sort of beginning to think about first grade. <SEP> It's fun. I do have a boy in junior high too. So. <SEP> So you got a little bit of a gap there between. So we're kind of running the gamut.
sw2472.txt:Perhaps this connection. It still echoes. Do you like to cook? I love it. <SEP> I do too. It's kind of hard to find time sometimes. But. Do you work? <SEP> And have a family? I don't have a family. I usually work about fifty hours a week. And by the time I get home I'm so tired it's hard to cook a full meal. <SEP> I expect so. For a dinner party I think one of my favorite things is baked chicken and white wine. That's really weird that you said that because for a dinner party mine is a chicken in a marsala wine sauce. <SEP> So. Where did you get your recipe for it? I guess mostly out of an international cookbook that I have. Mine actually came from the Texas Instruments Cafeteria. <SEP> They. They have a T I plant in Texas in Kingsport? We have. It's in Johnson City. <SEP> And the cafeteria is real good about putting out recipes once a month. They'll put out a recipe of the month. And they put this one out. And I tried it. And it was really good. What is a marsala wine a sweeter wine? <SEP> A little bit sweeter. And it's a red wine. <SEP> And I'm trying to think what else. I roll it in bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese. And then I rub the chicken with a little bit of oil and pour the wine sauce over it the last twenty minutes so that it gets just enough flavor. <SEP> So it kind of browns. And then you put wine over it. <SEP>. That sounds real good. <SEP> And it's really easy too. So. What do you use? What do you serve with it? <SEP> What do you serve with it? I like to serve a wild rice with it. That's what I do too. <SEP> This is really neat. And I. We're big broccoli fans. That's what I've got. I've got steamed broccoli down on mine. <SEP> I just don't think you can go wrong with something like that. It's great. I've got a good dessert recipe. What? Do you like angel food cake? <SEP> I just break it up in a glass bowl. And then I mix up some cream cheese and a little bit of Amaretta and some cool whip. <SEP> And I make a thickened blueberry sauce. And I layer it with angel food cake and the blueberries and then that topping. What time should we be there? <SEP> That sounds wonderful. It is it's great. I love desserts. But since there's only two of us it's really. <SEP> I try to avoid making anything too fancy that we'd like too much and eat too much. I know what you mean. We don't eat desserts much any more. <SEP> But I guess one that I really like that I haven't made in awhile. It's called a fruit pizza. And you take a sugar cookie recipe and spread it out on a pizza pan. <SEP> So you make it like a pizza crust. And then you bake that. And then you take things like kiwi and strawberries and bananas and whatever fresh fruit you want. You use cream cheese and a little bit of orange juice. And I can't remember what else is in it. And you make kind of a glaze. <SEP> And then you layer your fresh fruit on that. And pour that over it? That sounds great. <SEP> It is really good. And it's real light. It would be pretty. And it. Depending on the fruit you use it's real colorful. <SEP> Especially with the kiwi and the strawberries. That would be pretty. But usually I just opt for brownies and vanilla ice cream. We've been fixing something lately that. We've been cooking a lot of turkey breasts. Because it's low fat. <SEP> <SEP> It's just so much better for you. And I've been making a hot sandwich. I toast a piece of whole wheat bread and then put the turkey on it and then slices of the low fat Swiss cheese. And then I make a little honey mustard dressing and put over it and pop it in the microwave. <SEP> That sounds great. It is delicious. <SEP> I wouldn't mind serving that to anybody. And that's something that just it doesn't take a long time to fix. <SEP> It's really good. And it's really good for you. It's real quick. And we eat out a lot. And there are sometimes you just don't feel like eating out. <SEP> And I wish I had something a little bit different to just zap together. Ma-. <SEP> Mix up a little mayonnaise with some dijon mustard and honey until it just. I mix it until it just tastes good to me. <SEP> I was going to say do you just mix it to taste? And it's real good. And it keeps in the refrigerator. <SEP> How long does it keep. Do you. You wouldn't have to make. It keeps a long time. And you wouldn't have to mix that much together even. It keeps a long time. <SEP> I'm sorry I keep coughing. I've had a bad cold. And I put a little yogurt in it too. Plain? Plain yogurt? If I. Just plain yogurt. It gives it a little tang. <SEP> I'll bet that is really good. It makes a great sandwich. I'm going to have to think of that. We're getting company tonight. Are you. <SEP> And I have been debating what to cook because one of my guests is a vegetarian. That's kind of hard. So we're going to. I think we'll try to do something a little bit. We might try to grill some flounder or salmon steaks. They'll eat fish? <SEP> She'll eat fish. And I usually. When they come down I'll grill those and brush on a little lemon butter sauce. <SEP> And definitely go with it will have to be a rice dish lots of vegetables to make up for the lack of meat. That sounds good. <SEP> I had a recipe from that INTERNATIONAL COOKBOOK TWO that's a great salad in summertime. Do you garden or not? We don't. Our next door neighbors do. And a lot of times they'll give us something. It's just sliced tomatoes. And I put it on a glass plate because it looks real pretty. Sliced tomatoes and then green pepper strips just over it and some red onion slices and just a little bit of basil and then a little Italian dressing over it. <SEP>. <SEP>. <SEP> And everybody loves it. And it's so easy. And it's delicious. That's what I was just thinking. It doesn't sound like it would be hard at all. It isn't. <SEP> Where did you get. And you can put some cucumber slices on too. Where did you get this cook book? I got it at the Checkbook Store. <SEP> And it's got all these beautiful pictures in there that are inspiring. It's going to say edited by Charlotte Turgeon editor of. LaRoute Gastro LaMink. <SEP> The creative cooking course. I'll might have to visit the State Book Store. I'm trying to see who it's published by Ottenheimer. I've never heard of it. <SEP> I haven't either. This edition is published by Bonanza Books. It's a big book. But it was not expensive. <SEP> The ones that I've been wanting to get. I guess you've seen the THREE HUNDRED SIXTY-FIVE WAYS TO COOK CHICKEN and the THREE HUNDRED SIXTY-FIVE WAYS TO COOK PASTA. <SEP> I've been wanting to get those because we eat a lot of chicken. We do too. And we do eat a lot of pasta. <SEP> We just said the other night it wouldn't be too difficult to do without red meat. That's right. I don't think it would. We don't have that much of it now. As long as we have plenty of vegetables and lots of chicken. <SEP> I stir fried some the other night though. Some beef and broccoli strips. It was good. But it didn't have much beef in it. I've got a Wok that we don't use near as often as we used to. <SEP> We used to stir fry a lot especially a lot of chicken and a lot of rice dishes. It just takes the time to cut everything up. But usually if I take a day off or on the weekend especially I try to cook real food. Cook. <SEP> And at least cook a couple of dishes ahead. <SEP> So that we can have those to enjoy. One of my daughters sent me a COLORADO COOK BOOK put out by the Junior League of Denver. <SEP> Have you ever seen any put out by Junior Leagues? Cause we have some local ones. They are great. <SEP> And we have a share alike column in the paper where people write in and share recipes or write in and say I'm looking for this recipe. <SEP>. And that's where I get a lot of my recipes. They are usually good aren't they? <SEP> And I got a real good one from a doctor's office one time. Is that right. What was that? It's a baked bean recipe. <SEP> And you mix baked beans and Lima beans. And let's see I guess. You buy the canned baked beans? Just mix the canned beans together and brown sugar and molasses and bake them in catsup. <SEP> And you just bake it. And it's like a spicier baked bean dish. That sounds. <SEP> And you can add hamburger if you want to give it a little more body. That sounds good. <SEP> So I try to always keep my eyes open because a lot of time you can find really good recipes where you wouldn't even think about it. So I try to always keep a little notebook in my purse. Jot them down? <SEP> But it's been.
sw2593.txt:The topic is hobbies. In your spare time. Who has spare time? <SEP> I don't really do any handicraft things like that. I used to. I used to do salt ornaments and things. But that was good many years ago. And I really my spare time. <SEP> I usually go do aerobics and read. And that's about it. <SEP> I understood that. I work full time. And I have two kids. So my spare time usually involves something with the kids. Hobbies. I can't really say that we have hobbies. It's more like maybe projects or something on the weekend. We like to go out. <SEP> Family. That's what I meant by salt that we did that as a family little ornaments and things like that and just kind of really got into it. During the Christmas season making them up for other people and things like that. <SEP> But as far as. I've just never been very skilled at far needle work cloths. <SEP>. And the things I've tried to do just don't look very good. <SEP> And. I guess mostly as far as crafts go I've done some needlepoint. I've done mostly cross stitching. I used to do. One that I did for both kids are. They're plaques with different kind of animals. And then you have their birth date on them. <SEP> And then you have a little picture of them. And you frame them and stuff. But nothing steady. Just when I get some spare time here and there I'll work on it. But it's nothing that I can really. It's not like you sit and knit every night. <SEP> Not at all. I don't even know how to knit. And my mother used to knit all the time. <SEP> And I don't even know how to knit. I'm that's a lost art from this family. <SEP> But it's not a very good topic. It feels like if. Not when you're n-. Neither one of us are really. I have seen things I really like that were done especially like needlepoint. <SEP> Needlepoint cushions and things. But it just seems like there'd be so much time involved in it and that the petty point and things like that. <SEP> It seems like it's easier just to go out and buy it already made. I don't know what. It's like there. But here a lot of the country stuff is in a lot of the woodwork a lot of stenciling. <SEP> And you can go to a flea market and stuff. And there's just tons of stuff everywhere. And people just do it in their garage. And then on weekends they go out and sell it. And during the week they go back and do some more. And they do that as their job. Whereas for us it. <SEP> And they make it cheaper for us to buy. And I'm sure it must be relaxing to do things like that. Because I can remember when I used to do those figurines and things. It was relaxing creative. You felt very creative. <SEP> But it just was so much time involved and the different steps and things. <SEP> And. I think we're okay. I think we did the five minutes. So we don't have to keep talking about nothing anymore. <SEP> Thank you. I hope you have a good rest of your weekend.
sw2956.txt:I have probably had more time than you have to think about this subject. So I'll tell you is it a serious problem? I do believe it's a serious problem. <SEP>. However there are solutions to it. <SEP> And foremost where we compare that we are now doing fifty percent of our people are voting. We're probably making a comparison against some European and newer republics that have very high percentages. <SEP> So one of the reasons that it is lower in the United States is that mostly we hold it on Tuesdays. God knows why we hold it on Tuesdays. And then we further complicate it by saying we will keep the polls open until eight o'clock. What. <SEP> A great number of people now work at different jobs that if a third of the people are shift workers they won't be able to get to the polls in any case. If they have to work late into the evening and not get up. My solution to that is that we hold it on Sundays. As do probably sixty to seventy percent of the European countries now. <SEP> They hold it on the weekends? They hold it on either a Saturday or a Sunday or at least a day when a great number of people are not working. Sunday. <SEP>. I-. In America that is not true because a great number of people work on Sundays. <SEP> But that is one of my solutions. I know here in Dallas that they have just instituted in the last couple of years a real long period of time that you can absentee vote before the elections. And I do not think they have seen a really high improvement. Have you absentee voted in Texas? <SEP> <SEP> I always vote. I have absentee voted in New Hampshire. And it is a fairly complicated process where you have to go pick up the ballot. I do not say that it is that complicated. But part of the process also is that you must preregister at some particular point. New Hampshire is fairly easy. But other states you have to register every couple of years. To just vote. <SEP> To absentee vote specifically? <SEP> So registrations are perhaps a problem also. And we're the mobile society. People are always mo-. One out of every seven people moves every year. That is almost a fourteen percent turnover every. <SEP> If you compound that th-. If it is difficult to register to vote that would remove your eligibility to vote. But I do not think it is difficult enough to prevent people who are motivated in the first place who are not just motivated who really believe that their voice is heard. <SEP> And the people that I have talked to. Maybe that is another factor the motivational factor. The motivational factor is probably. I think that is the biggest one. I. <SEP> That's the biggest problem. I. That's diminished by. W-we have noticed this in particular. I just read two books. One of them is WHOSE STARS AND STRIPES NOW? THE TRIVIAL PURSUIT OF THE PRESIDENCY IN NINETEEN EIGHTY-EIGHT. <SEP> It's a fairly decent book. It's preceded by several other books by these guys. WAKE ME UP WHEN IT'S OVER was about the eighty-four elections. And I forget what the other books were. <SEP> But any case i-i-it is the mar-. There was. BLUE SMOKE AND MIRRORS was the one in eighty-two. These guys have taken the place of Theodore White on reporting elections. In any case they say that there's a definite trend toward candidates using negative voting. It is the only way that you can use television effectively. I don't understand that. Is that just because they have such a low opinion of the public? And the public's gullibility? The public would rather hear something negative about the other guy than a positive factor. <SEP> And. If you go on the attack and put some sensational thing before the public. And it is not refuted. People will believe it. If you don't refute it as he didn't there must be some truth to the matter. He did refute it. <SEP> He refuted it. It just was not effective enough to. He didn't refute it til the last two weeks of the campaign. He didn't believe anybody would believe that. And indeed his trend started upward. I didn't believe anybody would believe that either. I guess I have a hard time coming to terms with the fact that the American public really was so. They do. <SEP> Don't give too much credit to the American public for their motivational ability. And it. <SEP> Then how can a democracy work then? It. I don't know. How can it work? Is it working? That's the question. I guess the question also that we discovered is that they don't throw rascals out. Everybody seems disappointed. <SEP> But they don't throw the rascal out their own rascal. My solution to part of this is to make it an economic incentive for people to vote. That sounds rather crass because then you are saying y- in- y-y it could be convoluted in many ways where people would actually by paying them. <SEP> What? You would take a certain amount off their income tax or property tax or whatever. <SEP> But it would be very difficult to administer because I am sure that any time money and votes are involved. The whole thing just stinks. How about the reverse of that? <SEP> When I have heard about England's elections they are allowed to run for a total of six or eight weeks. Even for the higher offices in the land. What if we just severely limited the campaigns so money wasn't so much of an issue? I feel like if we did that people would have a lot higher confidence that their vote was counting rather than their contributions would count. But the idea is to get the individual to the polls a-a-and we have to make it as easy as possible for him to get to the polls. <SEP> I don't care how easy it is for them. I do not think they are going to because they do no think that anybody listens to their vote. They think whoever has the b-. They really think that the packs no matter what you're promised during a campaign. And these days we are promised hardly anything of substance. You mean the special interest groups? And no matter what a candidate promises during the campaign which isn't very much specif-. They do not promise anything specific these days. But whatever you are promised they just reverse themselves depending on who pays them what once they get into office. I think that's the. Read my lips. And no new taxes. And yet Bush did that. But he's excused from that. <SEP>. Generally people I've read polls now where they've excused him because there was a definite necessity to balance the budget. Then why did he say that during his campaign? He gave it. He promised the best he could. <SEP> Then he. It was totally irr-. And he is the president. And he should address those problems. And if there needs to be a change in a period of time. What was so funny about it is that it happened so rapidly. He knew it. He actually knew it. And being associated with government he should be held up to the light for that. And maybe he will. <SEP>. But I think it is er-r-r. I think you still have a view that the American voter is different from other voters. <SEP> And he is motivated because we happen to be the cradle of liberty and all that. I think voters are motivated. What about voters in the other countries that you were talking about? Like in the European countries where they have higher turnouts? And the newer democracies. Because it's going to be totally different. But. I don't know if they have higher turnouts overall. <SEP> You do not think so? I don't think England has. I think England has about a seventy percent sixty-five percent turn out. I think that we just discovered in the Indian elections is one of the greatest and massive things in the world. <SEP> Just it got more violent every year. They went down almost fifty percent in this election before they blew up Ghandi. But simply because people were so concerned about their inability that their vote does not count any way. And the corruption of politics in that s-s-situation there. <SEP> <SEP>. But everything is relative to when we had higher turnouts because at that time we talk about the turnout relative to the eligible voter? <SEP> Is. But before this Voting Rights Act what we had was a great deal of our population mainly the blacks in the south and the Hispanics were precluded by voting laws from their eligibility to register. <SEP> Now everybody is available. So if you really computed it they probably. When we said we had a seventy percent turnout in nineteen fifty we really only had a fifty percent turnout. Because all the eligible voters. <SEP> I see. Because. Weren't qual-. It was skewed by the eligible voters being less than the total population of. <SEP> Were disqualified. But isn't that kind of a blanket racist kind of thing to say the blacks and Hispanics and other minorities just don't vote? Or is that just the truth? I think there's a higher percentage in certain black areas of voters. I don't know about Hispanics. I haven't studied the statistics well enough to. <SEP> I think in this sort of conversation we can only do our own reaction. <SEP> But that just made me think of something that happened down here in Dallas last year. They have this huge fight going over redistricting here. And at one point they took another vote on it. And the minorities could not get enough of a vote out to pass their plan. And this is something that had been going on for months. It was on the news every night. And they have had lawsuits over it. It was a major issue. And there still wasn't enough minority vote to pass the plan that they were backing. So that's. I think that you have really hit on something there. To say that those. What do you mean? <SEP> With the minorities and we are saying we have lower voter turnout. Maybe it is now that we have minorities included in the. Karen I wonder if we are recording. Why. Did you not press one? I did press one. But usually by this time they tell me that the time is up.
sw2490.txt:What do you think? I'm thinking about from one to ten what my no would be. It would probably be somewhere closer to less control because I don't see. I'm not a member of the N R A although my father is. <SEP> But I think the N R A has gone overboard the wrong way. <SEP> They're sitting there on number ten. They're saying absolutely no gun control we don't even want to think about it. And I think that's a dumb situation. <SEP> Because there has got to be some kind of background check to see that the people who are buying a gun are buying it for a useful purpose if you're going to hunt with it or if you're going to do sport shooting you can wait a week. <SEP> That's true. It's not a big deal for them to go. If they can check your driver's license every time you get a ticket they should be able to go back and find out if you've had any kind of psychiatric record armed felony record. <SEP> That's true. Any of that kind of stuff. And it seems to me right now that there's not that much of a check. I'm not really sure what Texas law I think there's a check for felonies on your record. But. <SEP> If the gun shop owner does it. But. But he has to go out and do it. That's true I think. <SEP> And if it's a private sale of course then there's nothing. And that's my only problem with. Making you. Get the check and everything is I guess bad guys if you want to call them bad guys. They are going to get a gun no matter what. They're not. I don't think they're going to go to a gun store or pawn shop and get it the right way when there's a check. I think they're going to go out and find it someway individual sale or something like that. <SEP> But maybe we'll prevent a few John Hinckleys. I hope. That's true. I. That's the kind of people. Like I say I don't think the guy who's going to rob a Seven Eleven is going to rob a Seven Eleven whether he has a gun or a knife baseball bat or whatever. Knife. <SEP> He's going to do what he wants to do. But. That's true. I just think it makes honest people more honest. And. <SEP> And the people who want it it's not that big a deal like I say to wait. And if you have to have it in a hurry something's wrong. It makes you wonder what they need it for all of a sudden here. <SEP> That's right. That's right. I'm married to a policeman. So we talk about this a lot. <SEP> I imagine his opinion is a little bit towards the one there on the scale of one to ten he needs some more. <SEP> I was watching a. If I was a cop I would be. Worried about that. <SEP> Too many people have too much access. They do. They do. And I think the other thing that we ought to control to some extent is there should be some law against the types of gu-. Some of these Saturday night specials that these companies put out they are. <SEP> Basically it says here buy me and go rob a seven eleven. Or even the little toy guns look real. <SEP> That's really gotten bad. I've heard so much about that on TV. And that's kind of scary to think that you may be shot for holding one. Or your child accidently. <SEP> If your child is old enough. There are a lot of kids who when they're ten look like they're twelve or fourteen and especially some of the minority children. Whether a racist or not. <SEP> That's the truth. And if some of them are doing something that they shouldn't be and then they have one of those toy guns in their hands. And a cop comes up. You can't blame them. It looks like they've got a weapon. You can't. <SEP> And you can't take the chances. That's right. Because there's been kids that age who have killed people. <SEP> And there was a law in Oregon where they've now made all toy guns. They're making them neon colors. And I think that's a good idea. And the kids don't care. That's right. <SEP> My kid didn't care. I know. He picks up a stick and goes bang. <SEP> It doesn't make any difference to him. A gun is a gun to them. They can play with anything and make it a gun. That's exactly right. <SEP> So you like to do. I think they ought to do that with toy guns. They ought to make them very reasonably do something outrageous to them. <SEP> So that they're not very distinguishable from a real gun. That's right. That's a good idea. I was watching T V yesterday. And there is a town in Georgia. And it's the law that you have a gun. Every adult is able to carry a gun. And they encourage it. That's kind of. <SEP> They encourage it? And the police love it. Which really surprised me. I think and that's what they were going after they went to interview this town. It's a little dinky town. They went to interview them about the gun control laws. And the police said all the people said that's fine we could care less. We're all honest and everything like that. <SEP> We all carry them. But we don't mind being checked. And I think it kind of took that neatness away from it. Everybody's got one. And So it was quite unusual to see the people in that town. I don't know. I. <SEP> That's kind of an odd thing. I don't know. I have a gun. And my folks have always had. I learned to shoot when I was real little. I think that's a lot of it too is that people need to teach their kids what to do and what not to do. <SEP> Because my Dad started letting me shoot a little air B B gun when I was probably five or six years old. <SEP> But it was. This is how you hold. It this is the only place that you do it which was out far and away. <SEP> And you don't ever touch it unless I'm here. And you don't point it at people. That's what we're doing. And then they had. Then they went to the Texas Parks and Recreation. But the hunter safety program that you have to do now. <SEP> I think it started in about nineteen seventy. If you want to go deer hunting. And your birthday's after nineteen something fifty-five or something then you have to attend one of these hunter safety courses. <SEP> That's neat. Or you can't get a deer license. That's real neat. <SEP> And it's basic stuff. It's when you're climbing over a barbed wire fence don't lean your gun against it. And then you crawl over it and shoot yourself. <SEP> And those things happen. That's real good. It is always incredible to me the number of times those kind of stupid accidents happen to people. And they usually are real basic common sense things. <SEP> Put the safety on the gun. Always assume it's loaded. That's got to be the most common thing that people. I know. And people don't want to believe that. <SEP> It's empty. It's empty. I. I took the clip out or whatever. And I forgot about the one in the chamber. In the chamber. That's exactly right. <SEP> We're trying to teach our daughter. She knows real well about her Daddy's guns what not to do and what to do around them. <SEP> Does he got them locked up all the time too? When he's. And she's real. She'll know. She'll even tell her friends don't ever touch my Daddy's guns or something like that. Don't even think about it. <SEP> So she's real good about it. And she's never been curious. Cause he's always. If he has them out cleaning them she can be there. And he'll tell how he's doing it or show her the insides or stuff like that. <SEP> If you make it where it's not something Curious. To be feared. And. <SEP> Not something to be curious about and not something to be totally scared about. If it's just one more piece of something. But they've got to understand like you said never touch it. They'd have that respect for what it does and what it can do. <SEP> Ours is a. We have a shotgun. And it's up in the closet. <SEP> And then the shells are in another part. And it's something to think about. And I got it because my husband used to travel and be out. He was out of the country at one time for three months. And I was I live in a nice neighborhood. But still. Still. <SEP> And then I've got it so far. Sometimes I wonder if I'm not about to load it because I assume that the kids are not going to ever get up there. And it's in a case. And it's put up. And it's away and all that. <SEP> But I don't want to take the chance. And I think if somebody ever does break in it's going to take me a year to find the shells and then get it. He's got to go to a lot of trouble. <SEP> Hold on. Hold on. He's in here somewhere. I know he is. <SEP>. I know how to use one. We go hunting every once in a while. And he showed me how to use his guns. And I really enjoy it. But if someone did break in I don't know that I could or would even grab it. I know. I used to think about that. It was a lot easier when I was single. It was one thing. And when I was just married with no kids when it was just me it was an easy decision. That's true. <SEP> It was you come after me you're going to get it. <SEP> And now there's so many other things where are the kids what are they doing where is this person coming in from. <SEP> You've got. And if you manage to get it out. Then how can you even afford to think about what you're going to do because you don't know where your kids are at the same time. We have dogs that are very protective. <SEP> We feel if they make enough noise that. If they're stupid enough to come through then. <SEP> It. We have two big dogs in the backyard and always kind of thought that too kind of an extra buffer. They've got to be pretty stupid. And most people that break in or whatever go to houses without the dogs luckily. <SEP> Anything that the. Any advantage that they can take. And that's one of them. So. <SEP> Unfortunately. Guess it makes it worth the dog food over the years. Really does. Do you think we've. <SEP> I think that's about all I can. Me too on gun control. We're in pretty good agreement actually on it. I think we are. <SEP> It would be even more interesting you to be some of these people who are at the other end of the spectrum. I'm glad you're not. Me too. I'm glad to find there's another reasonable person in Garland. <SEP> It's been nice talking to you. You too.
sw2525.txt:. All set. Do you want to start? I can go ahead and start. <SEP> Go ahead. In Dallas there's definitely a crime problem. I know it's worse in the larger cities. It's kind of a concern for me. In fact at the moment I'm thinking of possibly moving to a new apartment. And it's. I am single and female. You definitely are going to worry about the location and accessibility of people to be able to break in. I live on a third floor now. But I'm real concerned that I don't want to be on a first floor where you can have problems with things like that. And the. Do they have many buildings that have security there? Some buildings do. It depends on the location. The area I live in right now is real good as far as crime rate is concerned. And we don't have anything at all no burglar alarms no guards. Some places do have guard gates that you have to get through or electronic access gates and things like that. <SEP> I went to Dallas when I worked for T I in Abilene. And I'm a little familiar with the city area Forest Lane and through that off the freeway. <SEP> And it didn't seem like it was that congested in that part. Because to me where we live out here in the north east there are a lot of buildings very close to each other. And the cities are very populated with tenement housing where there are more than one family in a house. And with the people that are coming into the country from other countries not knowing the language. <SEP> And they're going to the big cities. It makes it very difficult. <SEP> It really does. And I've seen the same thing that you're talking about much more crime than ever before. Drugs of course a big part of it I think. <SEP> And I don't know. A lot of younger people into more violent crimes. That's really sad. You got young boys or girls at fourteen or twelve years old that are committing murders and no remorse what so ever. There's a lot of that going on in Dallas too. <SEP> It's really sad. It is. And I don't know if it's the family thing where they're not bonding anymore where mothers are working all the time and the kids aren't getting the attention that they need or the television. <SEP> And I really think that we're falling by the wayside with not incarcerating these people. I agree. I think that people are getting off too easy. They're getting paroled too easily. <SEP> They're just getting put on probation or something because the prisons don't have enough room. So they get lighter sentences. And some of those people they don't deserve to be let loose. <SEP> And they had. In fact on the news last night we were watching this man who lost his ten year old daughter. He ran out to the store for a few minutes. And he had left her home alone. Ten years old. She's old enough to be alone for a few minutes. And while he was gone he had went looking for a job and stopped at the store. That's what it was. And someone who was in the neighborhood cleaning carpets these two men went in raped the girl murdered her and the whole bit. <SEP> And one of the men got seventeen years. And the other one was in for life imprisonment. The one that was in for the seventeen years actually served seven. And he's out. That's terrible. <SEP> And the man said that if it weren't for the fact that he would go to jail that he would eliminate this person himself. And then go to McDonalds and have a hamburger and not think a thing about it. <SEP> And I think that what this is going to lead to is people will take things into their own hands. And that innocent people. I shouldn't say innocent because I mean actually if they commit a crime that they're in the same circumstances. But. <SEP> The reasons that they're doing it compared to the reason someone else is in jail for it it's two different things. Sometimes when you lose someone that you really love you do some crazy things. Yo-. I don't know. It's a little more understandable under the circumstances I guess. <SEP> I like the idea that if someone is from a foreign country and they come to this country and commit a crime that irregardless of whether they have already become a citizen or anything they should be immediately deported. <SEP> Especially if they're found guilty of the crime. Once they have been arrested. And if they know beyond a shadow of a doubt these people are guilty. <SEP> That's it. We don't take care of them. We don't support them nothing. They go right back where they came from. We have enough problems with overcrowding in the jails as it is. So let their country take care of it. <SEP> And. We don't have too much trouble in Dallas with. I guess we do have a lot of people come in from Mexico that cause problems. But. But they're so close. I don't consider Mexican people in the same category with especially people who come from cultures that don't have the same kind of moral upbringing that we have. <SEP> You take Asian countries or the Eastern countries where women are in the background and the men are in the foreground. <SEP> And it's like they live back in where we came from two hundred years ago. <SEP> We've advanced beyond that. And I think that their mentality as far as the way they treat them and that kind of thing. You know what I mean. It was amazing. I went to the Far East back in October to do some training for T I. And I. Some of those countries were so safe it was unreal. Singapore is supposed to be very safe. And in fact Tokyo. And I thought Tokyo would be dangerous being such a huge large city with so many people. <SEP> But they. At the T I there I said is there any area I should avoid. And the guy said let me ask another girl here. And he turned and asked this girl and said can you think of any place where Dana shouldn't go by herself or anything. And she thought for a few minutes. And she said no. And he said is there any place you wouldn't go by yourself. She said no. And they said it is so safe there that you can leave your purse on the subway. And somebody will turn it in. And nothing will be missing. They said they can just about guarantee that there that that would happen if you did that. I thought in America if you left a purse on a subway you would never see it again. <SEP> You better believe it. If. You wouldn't even have to leave it. That's true. <SEP> It would get snatched right off your arm. That's true. But I was thinking in Dallas if somebody asked me if there were places you wouldn't go by yourself at night I'd have to set them down for about five or ten minutes to list all the places out. I couldn't believe that she couldn't think of any place. They said apparently the crime is just. <SEP> That's amazing. What's the difference there. Do you know? I'm not sure what it is there. I know what it is in Singapore is they have the death penalty. And they really enforce it. I believe in the death penalty. I really do. For drugs they enforce the death penalty for that. They're just very very tough. And I guess maybe that's the way Tokyo is too or Japan is too. They're just very tough on criminals. <SEP> I think that we're too easy. And we take the civil liberties stuff too far. <SEP> People that are in prison we didn't put them there. They put themselves in that situation. And as far as them entertaining the rights that they should have. <SEP> We educate them. We feed them. We take care of them. And they no sooner get out on the street and they're back in again. I'm not saying they're all bad. But I think people who are guilty of really serious heinous crimes do not deserve to be cared for for the rest of their lives. <SEP> I think that they should be put away. And if they're overcrowded they shouldn't have gotten theirself there in the first place. <SEP> Get rid of them. I think that that's the whole key here. This plea bargaining baloney where they plead to a lesser crime or they plead guilty or tell about someone else and they get less time. <SEP> Or if they're in there and they've got seventeen years and they're on good behavior for every year they're in they get so many less that they don't serve the full penalty. <SEP> I really think we're going to far overboard with all of this. I agree because it's not fair to those of us that deserve a safe life to have to. Same with drunk drivers. <SEP> I think it's too easy for them. That if the laws were harsher and were enforced. <SEP> You have to set an example. You have to start somewhere. And I think that people know that they're going to get a slap on the wrist they might serve a little bit of time and that they'll be out on the street again. <SEP> An I feel bad for the policeman because he's out there every day facing these people. This craziness people with automatic weapons and all this other stuff and trying to do a job. <SEP> And let's face it. What do they get paid. Not much. Twenty thousand dollars a year if they're lucky. I wouldn't do it for that. And especially not in some of these big cities. In Dallas they've had. They're up in the top five of cities that are getting policeman killed in the line of duty. And that's really sad. <SEP> It is it really is. And they're the first ones that take the brunt of everything. And I'm not saying that they're all good either because there's good and bad in everything. <SEP> But they have three strikes against them when they're out there. Because they'll arrest someone and go through all that paperwork and writing a report and all this and having all kinds of evidence. And you have to even be careful how you arrest them how you talk to them what they say.
sw3633.txt:Return anything. The only things that I have returned have not been faulty. <SEP> It's been because of the size or some problem like that. I really haven't had to return things because they didn't perform the way they were supposed to. Most the time they have a pretty good guarantee. The only thing I've had lately is my kids got all these Barbie kind of toys for Christmas. And it takes them less than a day. And they're broken in one way or another. But I don't know if that's just kids or if that's. Maybe those type of products should be for older kids. <SEP> What age are your children? I have a five and a half and a three and a half year old that play with them. And I don't think they're unduly rough. But maybe they are. I don't know. But a lot of the little Barbie sets they come with real little pieces. And they're easily lost and easily broken. But. <SEP>. My daughter is twenty-one now. So it's been a while since we've had Barbie things. It's been a while since they've gone through the Barbie stuff. <SEP> But we did have Barbies and things. And there. Seems to me that that became a craze when she was already third fourth fifth grade. So she wasn't in it for very long before she was out of it. But I don't remember her breaking a lot of stuff. Don't remember her breaking. <SEP> I don't. But I also don't remember lots of little pieces. They've got so many different things with it now. That's one thing they've got. They've got every type of imaginable. Camping on the beach and all of these come with tiny tiny little plates and little sunglasses. And. My three and a half year old has wanted this Ken doll. And so I finally got her a Ken doll. And less than a week later the arm was broken. <SEP> But they were real good about replacing it. That's one nice thing is they're real good about replacing it. I guess if they'll replace them then they assume they shouldn't have broken. Those little arms are supposed to twist almost any way. And. <SEP> Any direction. She's not that big of a girl that I think could really take a grip on it like a bigger kid could. <SEP>. The main thing that they had when my daughter was playing with Barbies was just clothes. <SEP> That was about it. That was about it. And the Barbie doll itself is usually pretty durable and that kind of stuff. But. <SEP> And the main thing my kids seem to be into nowadays are electronics. My children are twenty-one and twenty-five and twenty-eight. Is that right? And. Do you see that there's a big problem with electronic things? <SEP> Not really. We haven't had that much problem with things that we have bought. They seem to last. In fact when they offer us extended warranties we don't buy them because we find we don't need them. Don't buy them because you don't need them. <SEP> And it seems like it's just an added tack on. Plus a lot of the credit cards now will guarantee. If you purchase on your credit card then they put an extended warranty on it if it doesn't work or if you have a problem with it in a certain period of time. So it seems like it's a waste of money. <SEP> You almost assume if you're going to have problems with it it's usually before that warranty would expire. Any. The first one. And on a recliner once I bought an extended warranty for cleaning and stuff like that. And I never used it. You never even needed it. <SEP> And so it seems ridiculous. And washers and dryers and things like that I've never had one go out. In fact they usually. When they do go out it's either something my husband can buy the part and fix. And we don't even have a repairman come. Or it means it's old enough that it's time to replace the whole thing. It's time to replace it. <SEP>. So. I think these extended warranties are gimmicks really. <SEP> I do too. A lot of it. When we first married we bought one on our T V. And that there's. After the first five years. And it was ridiculous. And they charge you a pretty good price for them too. They're a pretty healthy price. And you're trying to think maybe I'll need this. You always think if I say no then I won't. <SEP> But. My husband finally just put his foot down. I don't know. <SEP> And he said we're not going to buy any of these anymore. And if it goes out. You probably got your worth out of it anyway. <SEP> So we really have been fairly happy with things. But now we take good care of things. And we don't run out and buy a lot of things either. And since our kids aren't little anymore I'm not buying a lot of those little things that can get broken. The little. You probably are real careful of the brands you buy. And when you do buy things you probably watch what type of. You look at the consumer guide. <SEP> And you go around. And you look at the different ones and find the ones that have the.
sw3408.txt:I was going to say my college is Northern State University in Aberdeen South Dakota. And our head football coach Dennis Muir used to be an assistant coach at B Y U. So I thought that was kind of an interesting coincidence. <SEP> So you went to what college? Northern State University in Aberdeen South Dakota. And what did you graduate in? I ju-. In what major or what year? <SEP> Major. International business. And you? <SEP> I'm going to B Y U. And I'm going into nursing. So. That sounds interesting. How long of a program is that? <SEP> Forever. Seems like. It's about five years. But it's probably going to take me longer because I didn't decide to major in that until about a year and a half after I was already in school. So. I read a study once. And it said that like thirty-four percent of college students actually graduate in four years from a four year program. <SEP> That sounds. It took me five years. So you get started. And you change your mind. Or you want to pick up a second major. If you're management you thought I'll take that marketing. It only was three more classes. <SEP> And just doesn't happen that you get out in four years. But. <SEP> What is your advice to picking a college. My advice is look at the student to faculty ratio. If you're going to go to a college where student faculty ratio is three and four hundred to one I don't think you're going to have as meaningful of a college experience as if you're down to the thirty to forty to one. <SEP> What was yours more like? Was there a. It was about twenty-six to one. <SEP>. That's great. Which is. It's interesting. But it's. What I thought was nice is there was always time to talk to professor. And they knew you. <SEP> You weren't just in their class. And so you could go talk to them in their office almost at any time. Or if you ran into them in the student union or whatever you could sit down talk to them about a problem. They're always willing to help you out. But I put that against my high school where we had a biology class of three hundred and fifty students. And. In high school? <SEP> It was a biology lecture class. And it just wasn't the same. You're sitting there. And you're taking notes. And you got a computerized test scores multiple choice because there's no way they could correct a three hundred fifty person short answer test. <SEP> And it just wasn't the same. You'd pass the teacher in high school. And even in high school you could say high to your teachers unless you're in that biology class. And they'd look at you like do I know you? Or should I know you? It's. The classes here are pretty big. So it's hard to get individual help. It's kind of you're on your own. Do you get a lot of tutoring. Or. <SEP> Very little. My. For example I'm in a chemistry class right now. And there's tons of students in it. And there's one T A for the whole class. <SEP> And he only has certain office hours. And so there's only certain times you can talk to him. And. And you could get there. And he could have a nine to eleven in the morning office hours and have forty-two people waiting to talk to him. And you still didn't get to talk to him anyway. What would be your advice to a parent of a child thinking of attending college? <SEP> I think your advice is good. Let's see. My advice would be to pick a major before you get into college. That's excellent advice. Because I didn't. And I took tons of classes that I didn't need to. And I don't know. I just feel like it's going to take me a lot longer than. And not that's always bad. But it's. I don't know. It's frustrating I guess. It does get it. You get to the point where I'm never going to get done. <SEP> I was taking summer classes. And let me get out of here. But. That's good advice. Even if you don't have your major decided on have an idea what you think you might want. You don't want management. But you think you want business.
sw2065.txt:. The question was what is your opinion of youth spending a year or two in public service. I think it would be a great idea. I'm not sure about requiring it of people because people are going feeling resentful. I don't know. But I think it would be a great idea. <SEP> Seems like there's so many kids that don't have any since of what they want to be or do. Or they could learn something and maybe help other people at the same time. And all countries sure need help. So. Would you be more in favor of a local. My only experience with it I was in Central America for a while and in San Salvador in El Salvador. <SEP> For instance everybody had what they called there social year that they had to put in. And basically it was a repayment for high school education. <SEP> And most of them joined the Red Cross. And it was done internally. I just. There was very little external. I think possibly what they're thinking about here more external Peace Corps Type things where we're sending people off shore. <SEP> I think that would be real interesting for people to do. But I guess my concern about that would be the cost involved trying to train people in a new language and ship them to other countries. But I don't know. If you did it internally and it was just people in your own country then maybe countries that are so poor that they wouldn't be able to really send children to do that. <SEP> I didn't know. I don't know how the Peace Corps works. I guess I was of age when the Peace Corps came in and all that. I was too. <SEP> I thought seriously about joining at that time. I thought it was a fantastic idea. Did you ever get any information on it like. I sent off for stuff on it. But I don't remember that much. About it. I know that they trained you in the language. And. That's what I was wondering about was whether they actually. <SEP> You actually got paid too while in the Peace Corps. It wasn't much. But I guess you could put some money aside while you were there your expenses and. Wasn't Jimmy Carter's mama that was in the Peace Corps? <SEP> I think so. But it might be interesting to see what would happen if you took then to another country instead of having being exposed to all the drugs and violence and sex and everything here and take them to some other country that had different moral values like Saudi Arabia where they couldn't drink. Where they couldn't do that. You might end up with a revolution. I don't know which end though. <SEP>. That's been interesting though the kids that have been over coming back right now. You wonder if being exposed to that for a while what percentage of them would actually say that's not a bad way to do it. Because from what I understand from some of the guys I know crime is punishable just almost instantly and public. <SEP> Public hanging. Public hanging and this sort of thing. So you don't have just a whole lot of what we consider street crimes. <SEP> I've heard that in China and stuff there is virtually no such thing as rape because if you rape somebody you'd be murdered on the street. So. I guess that's the price of freedom is a little. The public service thing again. I guess in my own having had the whole three or four minutes to give it a great deal of thought I think I agree with you one hundred percent about it being some sort of voluntary. But when you do that then it becomes almost a. Or it can be. <SEP> There have. People will kind of set up their own little club. That's true. But if. <SEP> People that might benefit most from it might not go in that situation like people that really are trapped in a ghetto or something like that. Might not go if it was voluntary. But I don't know how they'd enforce it. If it was. If they went AWOL what are you going to do. <SEP> Shoot them. Put them in jail. <SEP> I don't know. Send them over to Iraq. Have a vacation in Iraq for a year. I know my dad always talked about. He was in C C C during. <SEP> And he was a rock rib Iowa type republican. And the only good thing he could ever say about the whole Roosevelt administration was civilian conservation corps. Because he was in it. He thought that was great. <SEP> The rest of it was all hog wash. But that was great. It seems like it would develop pride in people if it's in their own country. It would certainly help them to appreciate some of the things that we have here and develop some pride in them if it was handled that way. I. It would take quite a few people. I think it might build jobs for people that were administrating and running and training and coordinating and all that. So maybe that part of it would be helpful too. <SEP> I don't know. The only. To have a volunteer come here and rake leaves and mow the grass and. That brings up the interesting subject too. Who would determine what these people do. <SEP> If it's run by the individual state. C C C was run by the army. And in effect. And the only opposition to it really was that it was starting some sort of a military elitist type special corps of cadre of people and that sort of thing. <SEP> And when the politics get real confusing. Really there could be some scandals involved if it wasn't people that were really fair and in a legal way or something. <SEP> They could send all the people over to one particular part of town or one particular project that somebody had paid somebody to get supported. Or. We've gotten to the point where if the racial make up of the group was such and such they'd have to do that percentage of work and what is perceived to be that part of town and That kind of thing. <SEP> That could be a complicated too couldn't it. <SEP> Suppose they had a group who were construction oriented. And they went and they built a swimming pool or anything. And one you can only build it in one place. And know matter where you build it somebody else is going to scream you didn't build one over here. That's true. Unfair or something. I think. <SEP> It's one of those things on the surface it seems like a great idea. It's like a joke I heard once about elephant foot soup. It's easy to do once you find a elephant foot. It's the logistics of the thing that gets you going. <SEP>. It seems like there's a lot. You don't hear much on the news about young people really wanting to do anything good or anything like that. But I'm sure that there are a lot of young people out there that really do have good hearts and are willing to help and serve and that kind of thing. I saw on the news the other night that the little girl that used to be the littlest girl on the Cosby show Kisha Knight Pullman was starting a. I guess now she's practically a teenager. <SEP> She started some type of national organization for youth to volunteer to tutor other kids to read and do different service projects like that and trying to get youth more directed towards helpful things. And I know everyone in the high schools in Dallas. There's a couple high schools that have wanted to start a minority. I think it was in a Hispanic area. They wanted to start a club for the teenagers instead of all these gangs kids could join to belong. But they didn't have anything positive the kids could be doing helping. <SEP> So they were trying to start that out. So if there's kids that are willing to sacrifice their time and energy. We ought to use them. If they're willing to do it. It's just the. Here you are to the logistics of the thing again. <SEP> Who's going to run it. What. How. It's just so many. Like I said at the beginning I've got so many connections with people in Central America. My daughter-in-law is Panamanian. <SEP> And they have situations like that down there. Where they have the social in some sort of way. If you want to go to school outside the country they'd go to school in Cornell Iowa of all places. <SEP> And when they came back they'd have to serve this year. And it turned out to be kind of a joke. The ones I knew always chose the Red Cross because they didn't do anything. I see. And they had all kinds of things they could go into agricultural and Really good stuff. <SEP> But unless there was a flood or a fire or something like that Red Cross it was so many of them in it that your chance of having to do something it was very slim. And so. <SEP> We belong to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints which is the Mormon church. And there is men and also women. Women aren't nearly as frequent. And also that have elderly couples once their kids have left that can volunteer to go on a mission. And they're all over the world. And it's incredible logistics. They have a training center where they teach them. It's called the Missionary Training Center in Utah. And they have to be taught the language and customs and all those kinds of things. <SEP> And then they go and actually live in that country for the. Young men do it for two years and the young women for eighteen months. Then that's kind of a private organization. I'm familiar with. My instructor pilot was a Mormon. He was a good instructor pilot because he considered himself indestructible. <SEP> He had a direct connection somewhere. He felt that he really had an in. So things he would do with an airplane. <SEP> But any rate that's off the subject. But I. <SEP> They don't get paid for it. But there is funding that comes. They're supposedly saving up on their own. And the church helps them out some. But you know that it is incredible. I see how they were organized in Central and South America. <SEP> And it's.
sw2008.txt:Cynthia. What did you wear to work today? Let's see. What did I wear to work today? Actually I wore corduroy shorts with a white blouse and flat shoes. So can you dress pretty casually? <SEP> On occasion. On occasion. I do vary. I wear suits. I wear skirts and sweaters. On occasion I can wear jeans. How about you? I run a business out of my home. <SEP> So I tend to get up in the morning put on sweats do whatever I want to do with the kids then whenever I have a meeting with a client I'll put a suit on. And then come home and get back into regular clothes again. <SEP>. <SEP> There's no real dress code where I work. You see people wearing all different attire. I don't like to wear heels that really tires me out. I work in a big building. So I predominantly wear flat shoes. In the winter I wear sweaters. In summer I like one piece dresses short sleeves things like that. I've recently tried to update my wardrobe trying to put suits together that I can interchange the jackets and the blouses and all that a lot. <SEP>. That's helped me a lot with having. I can only have a limited wardrobe since I'm only working part-time right now. <SEP>. But still it gives it some variety. Add different blouses and scarves and belts and things like that. <SEP> Accessories. What about your casual wear? Do you like to wear jeans most of the time? <SEP> Mostly. At home I predominantly wear sweatpants and things like that also. It's nice you can wear shorts especially on a day like today when it's so hot. <SEP> They're like Ber-. Dress shorts. They're black corduroy Bermuda shorts. <SEP> And sometimes I wear a blazer with them. And I get really a lot of compliments on them. Where I work is predominantly male. So they. Their attire is always the same. Suits or slacks jeans whatever. <SEP> But. But I'm really the only woman at work that does that. But seems to work for me. But. <SEP> In fact I just got a new outfit as a gift that. It's one of those skorts. Th-. It's shorts but it looks like a skirt. So I think that'll be good for work too. It'll be comfortable. <SEP>. So. I guess down here. We just recently moved to Texas. So my wardrobe has changed quite a bit. We moved from Colorado where. And I have a closet full of sweaters. <SEP> That. I live in Virginia. You live in Virginia now? <SEP> That's interesting. So I'm. Right now today was in about the fifties. <SEP> But I do wear a lot of sweaters and things like sweater dresses. I'd like to be able to wear those here. Today it's eighty-eight degrees. <SEP> Needless to say my sweaters have been hung in the closet for quite a while now. Today was definitely a shorts day around here. <SEP> We're still pretty much in winter as far as that goes here. This is pretty unseasonal. But at least we. It feels good. It gets. Everybody doesn't have cabin fever today. It's nice to get out and about. <SEP>. I guess we've discussed everything there is about clothing. <SEP> Sounds good. It was nice talking to you. <SEP> It was nice talking to you also.
sw2477.txt:What basketball teams are you interested in? I guess I'm a big L A Laker fan when it comes to pros. <SEP> The college ranks I really. Of course I try to follow my alma mater. That's B Y U in Utah. But they don't have much of a team usually. They're more of a football team than they are basketball team. <SEP> You see them in football on T V once in awhile. You never see them on nationally basketball. That's true. I don't think I've ever seen them nationally on basketball. <SEP> Last year they had a really good team. The year that Danny Aines was there. That was about five six years ago by now. <SEP> So they made it to the sweet sixteen once or twice in their history. That's not too bad. <SEP> And that's. And they usually lose in the first round. <SEP> How about you? I'm originally from the Saint Louis area. So the only basketball team in that part of the country is Chicago. So I do pull for Chicago. Of course this year is a good year to be a Chicago fan because they're doing pretty good. <SEP> Is it the Bulls you're talking about? The pro. As far as college teams I know it's really easy to say. But I've been pulling for Duke for about four years now. So I finally am feeling better about myself as far as college teams. Although I've really. <SEP> Is that right? Again being from Saint Louis I pull for Missouri. But they're on probation this year. So you can't do much about that. <SEP> But. Did you watch the final four this year? I watched all three games of that. <SEP> Every game? And I was very pleased with all three games because Kansas. I was pulling for Kansas on the other side. So it was real nice to have the teams that were there. Of course I wasn't really. I. U N L V kind of gave me the impression of being a macho team. They seemed to think they were better than everybody else. And maybe they were. But I was real happy to see them get knocked off. So. <SEP> I watched that game. And it was a good game. <SEP> It was a very close game and hard fought game. And it just. I don't know. It looked like U N L V may have had more talent. But as far as playing together as a team that day Duke seemed to have them off balance. <SEP> And that they couldn't. Aren't they more of a running gun team? U N L V. They play the pro style is what I've always called it. And. <SEP> Fast breaks and things and. The fast breaks and. They shut all that down and made them play half court it seemed. And. And U N L V wasn't used to that. Of course I knew whenever U N L V went in at half time. I don't know if they were necessarily behind. But they weren't ahead as much as they normally are. <SEP> And that meant that they had to play a second half. And they've not had to do that all year. And. They didn't have to go through some tough games during the year. So that's a terrible time to have to deal with that when it counts so much. That's right. Duke's schedule was so much harder than U N L V's that it just made them a much tougher team overall. <SEP> And that had to help them a lot. I think that probably was the difference in that game. <SEP> Because it really could have gone either way. Down to the end. Do I take it that you think though that the Lakers will win. Or. <SEP> I don't know. Probably not. Portland's pretty good. Since Kareem's retired they haven't had a center. <SEP> And they've got Perkins. But I don't think he's really been a super star for them. He's. I don't. I. He to me is not a center. He's more of a real tall forward. <SEP>. <SEP> I think Magic does a. They'll make it. It's going to be a war between Chicago and Boston Celtics. <SEP> That's going to be a war. That sure is. It. It's going to be a great series. I think that's going to be one of those that's won by the home team. <SEP> Whoever has home court advantage is going to win that one I think. One of those two will probably be in there. Let me see. Where does Detroit fit in? Detroit's in that same division. <SEP> So I don't know. Those three. Detroit hasn't been having that great a year this year. But as I heard Isaiah came back this week. So that might help them. <SEP> They have the play-off experience. But. All three of them do with Larry Bird back. <SEP> You can never count the Celtics out when Larry Bird's starting to click on all cylinders. That's true. <SEP> They say he's starting to play. But he's been kind of up and down all year. One game he'll be playing to where everything he throws up goes in. And then the next time he can't seem to hit the side of a barn. <SEP> So I don't know. I'm not sure about him this year. <SEP> Last I've heard is that he's starting to peak right now. That's when you do it. He's starting to be more consistent at the right time of the year. <SEP> Any dark horses I. The dark horses. <SEP> San Antonio is the dark horse that could really flip in there I think. That's. Anybody who has David Robinson has got to have a chance anyway. <SEP> He's got to be pretty much. I use to say Akimo Lija was the dominant player when he. <SEP> Against any team he would dominate. But Robinson's getting up there where every game he's just. That's right. It looks like he's going in for a dunk. And they kind of just scoot out of his way or take a step back. <SEP> Nobody's got enough beef to challenge him when he's driving hard to the hoop. He's. Too bad the Mavericks couldn't get him. That's true. <SEP> With Roy Tarpley they're in big trouble. Then he's gone now. So they don't have to worry about that. For awhile anyway. I thought he was gone period. I didn't read the story. But I read that. <SEP> I heard he was suspended. Because of his. That might have been what it was. But I guess the headlines said something about him that the Mavericks released him or something. Maybe I misunderstood what they meant. <SEP> If they did they'd still have to pay his contract. They may have done it. You never know. <SEP> It was a lot of money. He was making. But. I heard on the radio it was sixty-three thousand and change a month. That's what he was being paid. He wasn't even playing. <SEP> What a good job he had. That's what I think. He ruined his sweet position. <SEP> I'm looking forward to the pro play-off. It's coming up isn't it. L A. San Antonio. Who's the other one that's doing so well this year. Is that Portland? Portland. Portland. <SEP> Portland. I haven't seen them on much T V that much at all. But all I can do is hear about. They have the seeing eye. What do they have. Walter Davis and. They've got the two Johnson brothers. Or they're not brothers. But I mean there's two guys named Johnson on their team that are really good or doing good or something. I forget how that works. But like I said they're doing extremely good right now. <SEP> Phoenix isn't doing too bad. So it ought to be a real interesting play-off. <SEP>. I don't think there's any clear pick. <SEP> I guess the two teams that you can't count out are the Celtics because of Bird and the Lakers because of Magic Johnson. They are two guys that seem to find a way when they. When it's on the line. <SEP> When it's on the line they seem to find a way. So those are what makes a champion I guess. That's true. <SEP> It's been nice talking to you. Nice talking to you. Take care. <SEP> Take care.
sw2584.txt:. Do you go camping very much? I haven't gone camping in years. But it's is something that I've done in the past. How about you? We try to go once maybe twice a summer. Just for a short weekend or something. <SEP> That's pretty average to me. We don't go for the week long thing. But we usually go to a lake area where the campsites are and do that. <SEP> Do you tent camp. Or do you have a camper? A tent. <SEP> That's what I ha-. That's how I camp too. That's how I define camping. Me too. You're really roughing it. The rest of that is really not the same. <SEP> As a matter of fact the majority of the amount of camping I've done has been really roughing it. As a little girl I'd go with my dad and my uncle and my brother. And we went to the Boundary Waters area in Minnesota. So that's really wild. Are you here in local Texas. I mean? <SEP> I'm in Austin. Where are you? I'm in Garland. Right outside of Dallas. <SEP> So we have a five year old. And she was pretty young when we started camping with her. The kids love it. I know. <SEP> They just love it. It's wonderful for them to be outside. I know. And they. There's no T V. And they don't have all these modern toys. And they have to use sticks and rocks and stuff like that to play with. <SEP> And I like that. It's pretty fun. How it. It's really is a good family thing to do. <SEP>. And. We try to go with another couple that have children also. <SEP> And that makes it a lot more enjoyable. Plus we don't have to go out and buy all the equipment and stuff. We kind of split it up. Good planning. Because it really does get expensive if you don't want to rough it all the way. <SEP> Even the sleeping bags those are running a good thirty dollars a pop. And so we've built that up. You're right. But. <SEP> Do you have a boat? Want one bad. Do you? <SEP> Actually you know what I would love? I would absolutely love a sail boat. That doesn't go along with camping. But that's what I would like to have. <SEP> I would too. <SEP> Would too. We usually. Let's see. We try to go to a lake. My husband and this other couple that we go with her husband kind of likes scuba dive? And so we'll go to a lake where they can go do that. We're close enough so they can do that. And the girls can play on the beach area. <SEP> And I would play on the beach area too. That's what I would do. <SEP> That's fun. I'm just sitting here listening to your accent and thinking what a good time the computer is going to have with that. Am I pretty Texan? <SEP> You're pretty Texan. But you know what's really funny? I've had people tell me that I have a Texas accent. And there is just no way I've not picked one up. You don't sound like it to me. <SEP> I've only lived here about six years. Have you? So if I have one it must be very very slight. <SEP> The Yankees can hear it. That's true. That's true. I don't think I do. But a lot of people do say I sound like. I have more of a twang to my voice. <SEP> Are you a native Texan? I sure am. I've lived here all my life. <SEP> Good for you. But. Have you ever been to Austin? We went last summer actually. <SEP> This. How was. I'm wondering I'm really not familiar. I know there are some good places to go camping along the lakes. Is there? We didn't go camping. We drove down to Houston to visit friends. And we went to Galveston and to San Antonio and then up to Austin. And kind of doing the sight seeing type stuff. So we didn't go camping. That would be fun though to go. That's one thing my husband wanted to do on this summer's vacation was to go and camp wherever we went. And I said I'd love that. But. <SEP> It takes a lot more planning. It does. And ever once on my week-long vacation I want to be a little bit pampered by a hotel and a waiter. <SEP>. So we're hoping to do a three day weekend. There's a thing called Pfeiffer Rim. I don't know if you have ever heard of it? <SEP> I haven't. There's a town called Glenrose. I think it's around two hours from here. And it has dinosaur tracks and stuff like that. That sounds great. And it's got one of those wildlife parks. <SEP> I think that'll be fun. So we're going to try to do that on a three day weekend go there. And. Have you ever camped out of state? I haven't. <SEP> Where you should try sometime is Colorado. Where at? It is beautiful. Is it? <SEP> Absolutely beautiful. I've just been up there skiing. And we've driven through but not camping or anything. <SEP> But I would love to camp in the mountains. <SEP> Estes State Park is fantastic. That's what my girlfriend says. She loves that place. You need to go there. She loves that. She says that where we need to go sometime. <SEP> It is. It's high canyon. And there's this little mountain lakes. And it's very peaceful. And in the early fall time. <SEP> I can't remember what type of trees they are. But all the leaves turn yellow. And it's just brilliant. And. I love that. <SEP> You would. You'd like it very much. That's neat. That's neat. I know you would. I used to go camping all the time as a Girl Scout. <SEP> I was too. All the time. I got real used to it then. I felt like we roughed it then. <SEP> We did. We really did. I just don't understand these people that think taking an R V and parking it and sitting inside and watching T V and having your microwave. <SEP> It's not camping. We had to make the fires and dig latrines and everything. <SEP> That is it. You have to get poison ivy and all that good stuff to really be camping. <SEP>. You say you haven't been in years? I haven't. I'm a struggling single mom. Bless your heart. <SEP> And. Thank you. It's. Time is precious. Money's precious. <SEP> And it. I think I haven't been able to do it. And that was one of the things I really thought I'd like to do with my children again. And I'm a little bit fearful of trying that just women. I don't blame you. <SEP> You know? I don't blame you at all. I hope. Years ago it would have been fine. But. <SEP> I really now. I have gone on one little vacation just the girls and I. We drove down to Port Aransas and rented a little efficiency and had a marvelous two nights. <SEP> And that was great. And even at that it was the first time that I ventured out of the city by myself. <SEP> And I stayed in a nice place. But it's real different not to have another adult with you. I kn-. You know. I can imagine. <SEP> I'm just a chicken. I know lots of women would do it all the time. I don't blame you not nowadays. <SEP> I haven't quite adjusted? Are you with T I down there? I was with T I until January. I left T I in January hoping to strike out and find a job where I could make some money. <SEP> So It was a good plan but I haven't yet. Have you? <SEP> I got into sales. And I'm selling telephone systems. That's neat. <SEP> And it's fun. And it's interesting. But it's also pretty challenging. And I haven't started making money yet. It's hard isn't it? So. It's hard. How old are your girls? <SEP> Eleven and fourteen. So I'm old. You're not old. <SEP> You're not old at all. Excuse me just second. <SEP> Honey I'll be wi-. Go ahead. There's someone at the door. Do you need to go? I'm going to listen. We always check and see if we should answer the door at night. <SEP> That's very smart. So I've enjoyed this. Me too. <SEP> And. And good luck. How many have you made so far calls? I haven't made any. I've been just a recipient. Have you? They're all. This is only about my second one I've ever made. I've been a recipient on the others. How many have you had so far do you know? <SEP> I think I've had about four. Four. That's good. Ye-. Very good. <SEP> That's four each. When I had to sup-. This is my Gemini nature. It's like what are you interested in. And it's virtually anything. I'll talk about anything to anybody. I don't. You bet. You bet. <SEP> And it's been real interesting the different personalities. That I run across. I know. I always try to find out where they're from. <SEP> Because it is neat. It really is. <SEP> Then I guess I'll let you go so you can go get the door. And. Thank you. And I enjoyed talking with you. Me too. <SEP> You have a good time camping. When you go next time think of me. Thank you. <SEP>.
sw2893.txt:. Do you exercise regularly. I sure do. <SEP> What do you do? I ride a bicycle quite a bit and work out with free weights. I love to ride a bicycle. I live right near White Rock Lake. So I try to ride about ten to twenty miles a day. But I haven't been doing so well this year. <SEP> That's good. But. Last year I went an was exercising on a bike for a while. And when I'd gotten back I had gotten some sun that day. The sweat had built up on me and built up under my skin and caused me to peel. It was the sweating not the burn. That's weird. <SEP> That was wild. But I don't exercise now. I just had a baby three months ago. I haven't really gotten back into exercising. But I exercised real good for a couple of years. It was aerobics and lifting weights three nights a week. And it was running three nights a week. What's your motivation? <SEP> What's my motivation? A friend of mine always pushing me. This was in Louisiana. And she would push. She was. Let's go do it. And she wouldn't take for an answer. Was it for health or to look good? <SEP> I just wanted to look good. I was think. It wasn't really health related. It was just a side benefit. <SEP> Because I'm not big or anything. But I'm not in great shape. But when I worked out I got in pretty good shape. I didn't build up muscle though. I just got real good and toned. I don't think women look good with muscles. Up to a point. <SEP> Up to a point. It's just some of those women that come up there looking like Arnold Schwarzenegger's sister just doesn't get it. What was the other question. Let's see do you do it as a task. Or do you enjoy working out. <SEP> I guess it's a task'cause I can't make myself do it lately. I think I enjoy it sometimes. And there's other times when I just get tired of it. And I feel like I'm obligated to do it because I've been doing it. So I should keep up. <SEP> You don't want to lose yourself. And there's some days it's the hardest thing in the world to get started. How old are you? I'm twenty-seven. <SEP> So you're still young. Still young getting older. We all are. But. <SEP> It's not hard to stay. If you keep working out when you're young though when you get older your body's not going to look as bad. I seen an old woman today. She was about eighty. And she looked so good. She was standing just as straight and tall. And she had a small waist. And she didn't have. You know how some older women will get the big bulge right in the middle. <SEP> She didn't have that at all. Her lips were a little bit wide. But a lot of. Back in her time they liked women with big hips anyway. So she may be keeping that on purpose. So. I notice if you stay in shape you don't age as bad. <SEP> I think too. I go to school too at night. And last semester I had stopped working out'cause I hurt myself and started smoking a lot. And you just. Those kind of things age you more. Smoking ages you quick. An. <SEP> It puts those little wrinkles around your lips. An you can't. And then it just kind of feeds itself. You smoke. And then you don't work out because you. You get winded. And so. <SEP> I smoke a pack a day. An. I finally quit because all I was doing was going down hill fast. I can't quit smoking. I've tried. I was telling a friend of mine that I'd be almost as bad as being an alcoholic. <SEP> I can't quit smoking. I've tried. I just can't do it. I quit when I was pregnant with my kids. But as soon as I had them right back to it. Right back to them. <SEP> It was. That was the only reason I quit. I didn't want to. That's. And I don't want to quit smoking. I enjoy that. I said I have very few vices. I'll keep this one thank you. <SEP> But did you ever go to one of those health clubs or anything? I went to health club a few years ago. And now I work out at home because my schedule with school and work I don't have time to get down to one. There used to be one that was a twenty-four hour that I used to go to. But I actually prefer to work out alone. <SEP> I like to work out with people. I need. Like you. I need competition is what I need. <SEP> I've got to have somebody to compete with. Or I don't want to do anything. I wouldn't mind working out with a friend and stuff. But when you get into some of health clubs where you just stand around and wait. Are you. I like to start get it done and get out of there. <SEP> Are you married or anything? I'm not. Get your girlfriend to work out with you. A lot of women like that. I'd love it if my husband would ask me to work out with him. He doesn't work out very often. Course he don't need to. He's small. And he works as a laborer on the railroad. <SEP> So he's building his muscles up all day. He doesn't have to do anything. He can eat like a horse too. And he don't gain it like I do. But. Especially having a kid tends to just gain weight because you have to. <SEP> You have to. You can gain too much weight. I gained a little bit too much. But I looked. With my first little boy I did gain a lot of weight. I got about fifty pounds overweight with him. And I didn't loose it until two years ago. And then I got pregnant and ruined that. So. Just have to start all over. <SEP> Actually like I say it ain't as bad this time because I was in shape when I got pregnant. I wasn't overweight when I got pregnant with him. I just wasn't in shape. I don't know the difference. But. Some people are a little bit fanatical about it. I. <SEP> About weight? And about working out and fitness. Exercise. I like to work out to look good and stay in shape. And I know it's good for me. But people that live for it and eat a bunch of different pills and all that kind of stuff it gets a little bit obsessive. <SEP> That's what my friend did. She was with the wheat germ and all the vitamins and everything else. And really we was. Even with her taking all those expensive vitamins and stuff we stayed right on the same track with each other developing and everything. <SEP> There. You can take those. What is it? Steroids. <SEP> Steroids. I couldn't think. There's really bad for you. I was trying to say hemorrhoids. I was trying to say hormones. Hormones. <SEP> Hormones. But. Steroids. But I stay from that crap. It's too dangerous. I could just see hair start growing out of my upper lip or something. <SEP> I had a friend whose brother did steroids. And as soon as he stopped working out he just ballooned out. It all turned to fat. And he just really looked bad. <SEP> But. I didn't know it did that. I don't know if it does to everybody. He was. Just that's how it affected him. And he just. <SEP> But I've been wanting to get me a bike. I've been wanting to get a ten speed to ride around. I'm scared to run for dogs. Course I know dogs can get you on a bike too. But seems like it. At least you got a chance to out run them that way. <SEP> I don't like to run myself. I've thought about it several times. And I like to move a little faster and cover more ground. They. They've come up that running is not as good for you as they thought it was. I would think it would be hard on your legs and your joints and stuff. <SEP> It's real hard on your legs. And it's hard on women. And it just makes stuff move down. But I like jogging. I don't mind that. I can get out and do that as long as it's not hot. I can't. <SEP> If it's hot you can't do that. But I love to run in the rain. Just be careful not to slide. But you can't ride your bike at all in the rain can you. You can't. It's dangerous. <SEP> You slide. At least maybe some of these mountain bikes you could. But a regular ten speed with those skinny tires you slide all over the place. <SEP> When I did ride my friend's bike that one time I don't know what I was trying to do. I was trying to make a U turn. And I never could make a U turn in a bike. I can do it in my car. But I tried to do it on that ten speed and wrecked. And I told her a dog was chasing me. But I wrecked it into the curb. I didn't hurt it too bad. I scratched it on the. She had some kind of fender thing going over the back tire I think. But. Anyway it's been nice talking to you. <SEP> And. Good luck with the new kid. Thank you. She's good. Anyway have fun exercising. <SEP>
sw3727.txt:Do you have kids? I got three. How about yourself? We have two and another one on the way. <SEP> You have got young children then. We do. We have a six year old. He is oldest. And then our baby will be a year on Monday. That is great. <SEP> What kind of mix do you have? A boy and a girl? Two boys. Two boys. Two boys. <SEP> Do you know what is on the way yet? Are you. I am just about three months. And I don't think we really even want to find out. I do not blame you. We like surprises. So. We will take either. <SEP> We have got two boys and a girl also. We have got two boys and a girl. And does it. Are the two boys first? <SEP> Maybe you will get lucky and get a girl this time. Maybe. We kind of like our boys though too. So. <SEP> Our boys one he is in graduate school at A and M. He is in the Navy. He is a lieutenant in the Navy. And the Navy is sending him for his Masters in Ocean Engineering. And we have got another boy that is out in Maryland. He is a wildlife biologist. And our girl is thirteen. She is in the seventh grade. So we have got still all sorts of good activities since. You kind of got a span there. <SEP> What do you do with your seventh grader? She is into a little bit of everything. She loves riding horses. So she goes out riding as much as she can. Do you have horses? <SEP> Just she knows people that does. That. But maybe that riding place that is North of town that she goes to. She rides English and does jumping takes lesson and all that kind of stuff. Does she? She must really like them. <SEP> She is into. She plays the flute in the band and the piccolo. And she is into this odyssey of the mind thing which takes a lot of time for. It. A. What they call peace group. I don't know if you have gotten into that with your kids. But that is where the kind of. It is a program for Advanced kids. Advanced. I have heard about it. Our little boy is in the first grade. And I taught school for six years. <SEP> So I do know about that program. And. My wife is involved. And she kind of heads that up for these kids. And last year they got the state level. They did not win that. But they got one local and one region. And they got a new mix of kids this time. So it keeps them busy. <SEP> It keeps them busy. I bet. So does she go actually out into a different classroom with other kids that are involved in this? But they have. You probably know a peace group that they are advanced type. That they are special classes for peace classes. I think that this happens to be. <SEP> History is what their peace class is this year. So. She enjoys that kind of stuff and does well with it. How neat. <SEP> So. Challenging. <SEP> Always something to do. As far as our activities we are kind of on a different level here. But my. <SEP> You will get to different levels. I guarantee it. My husband is going to take our six year old to the monster truck show tonight. They like to. <SEP> That will be fun. Both boy things. But we do not have any real. We don't really ski. We have not taken our kids skiing or anything. Of course the baby is young. But. <SEP> Got to wait a couple years. Sledding that is what you have got to do. Tobogganing. The what? <SEP> You have got to go tobogganing and sledding with them. We have done that. In fact he just goes right out here. We have got quite a bit of snow. Last week we got a lot. You are welcome to keep that. You would like that. <SEP> I grew up in Wisconsin. I had plenty of snow. And when I was a kid. And we have lived here about seventeen years. But we use to take all of the kids tobogganing and ice skating and all of that kind of stuff. <SEP> It is fun really. It is fun. As long as you do not have to drive in it. I. I do not like that. <SEP> I. Really it makes me nervous. I had plenty of snow to last me forever. I don't care if I ever see any. I don't care if I ever see it. But keep it off of here. I don't mind it. But the winter gets long. <SEP> I get ready that. Come about this time of year I am kind of ready for it to start getting spring. And it is too early yet. You have got five months before you will see that. <SEP> We do we do. We have had a few early springs though in the last few years. They have not been too bad. Come about March it gets a lot nicer. Out oldest son. When.
sw2676.txt:Do you live in Plano or work in Plano or both? Both. Both. Are you a T I -er? <SEP> Are you at work right now? So am I. In which building? <SEP> Are you Summit or are you Spring Creek? I'm Spring Creek. <SEP> This is fun. What building are you in? I'm building one. <SEP> I'm building two. At least we found something different. That's. I've never had a call. Not like that. Neither have I. Isn't that funny? I usually get some place. I got a woman in New Jersey the last time I called I think. That's funny. <SEP> That is funny. So. So how's the weather in building two? The weather in building two is cold. It's been cold. It's been cold in the building. Outside the building it's not bad. Typical T I. Listen I got me doing it. Typical Texas Spring. Are you a native to Texas? I'm a transplant. <SEP> From? From California. So what do you think of the Texas weather? Not as nice as California. <SEP> How long have you been here? Five years now. I've been here pretty long. So. <SEP> You know about August then. I've been through five of those. There's no surprises left. A lot of people try to leave the state for a couple of weeks in August for. If they're going to go out of state for vacation that's the time to go. <SEP> Good idea. <SEP> Real good idea. We went up to Wyoming this last Summer during that time. And it was eighty degrees up there. It was beautiful. Nice to get out of Texas for a while. We went to Alaska. That's even farther away. <SEP> That is really nice. It is so cool you wear a jacket. Even in the Summer time. Or keep one handy. Because it rains a lot in Alaska. <SEP> Is that right? It. They call it their liquid gold. <SEP> But it. You get sunshine. And it's lovely. And then it rains just enough to keep everything nice and moist and very green. And blooming. Green. <SEP> It's pretty. Texas isn't bad. <SEP> Not in the Spring. I have to think every year to try to remember what's it supposed to like this time of year. Spring is nice. Because March we usually get a lot of rain in March. It'll seem the news the Harold Taft on the local news. <SEP> March we typically get a lot of rain. And we've had this many inches. And we're right on target. And just seem like we were getting a lot of rain in March. But I. We always do though. It's hard to remember twelve months ago what it was like. <SEP> It. I just wish it wouldn't come all at once. <SEP> That's right. And then we get all that heat. And. It's just that. When it rains it rains. In California you get these nice lovely rains nothing really like downpours like you have here. <SEP> The other day we had some hail the biggest hail I've ever seen in Texas. I live in Garland. <SEP> You got into that bad stuff. We got hail the size of marbles. Just so noisy hitting the house. And the glass on the windows. It didn't break anything. But we went out there afterwards. And there's ice balls the size of marbles all over our lawn. Isn't that strange. I know I. You pick them up. And they're perfectly round. And I go how did they form so perfect like that. <SEP> I think that's one of the strange strange things. And you very seldom see it though. I've seen hail. But usually the size of tiny tiny pebbles. Really small. But this was really large. So it's a drop of water that had come through quite a few rain clouds apparently. Is that correct? I don't know how hail is formed to tell you the truth. <SEP> I think that's. You don't think it's cold enough to. <SEP> It's not on the ground. But in the clouds it is. Must be. I guess. And then I think all that falling would warm it up and melt it. But maybe that's what rounds it. But tumbling. <SEP> I was dumb. I was in Florida for a week on business. And I had called back to the house. I stayed the weekend. And I called back to the house. My housekeeper was baby-sitting my cats and dogs said something to the effect of now we've made the national news don't get upset and don't worry. It's in Garland where all the bad weather is. I said Okay. <SEP> And I watched the news. And I thought that's Garland that's not Plano. I don't have anything to worry about. I was on the plane heading back to Dallas before it dawned on me stupid you own property in Garland. Felt so dumb. <SEP> Finally I got home and found out my property was okay. There was no problem with it. But I guess you just tend to think of where your house is and nothing else. <SEP> And close to that what's called Duck Creek that runs through part of Garland that's the part that always seems to get hardest hit when there's the hard rain. I see. The creek overflows. And a lot of houses around that creek seem to get flooded. <SEP> The streets and stuff around that area get a lot of flooding. That house that I bought is close to a Firewheel golf course. <SEP> Just going to be blocks off of that new highway one ninety that's going through. That's where I live close to that. <SEP> Not quite. I don't live in that Firewheel division. But I live close by there in far north Garland. Is that a nice area? They're supposed to. It's getting built up with more new shopping centers and things. It's a fairly new area. And they're supposed to be building a mall somewhere close by by ninety-three or ninety-four or something. A brand new mall not too far away from that area. <SEP> So. The house that I bought was really really nice. It'd be nice. <SEP> In the Firewheel Estates there whatever. <SEP> Really really nice home very pretty. But you're not living there right now. I'm going to lease it. I see. <SEP> It's investment property. I see. But it's a very nice place. I would cheerfully live there. Of course it's not my home. And I've lived in my home almost ten years. And I've got everything just exactly like I want it. <SEP> But if I were to live some place else it certainly meets my standards. It's a nice house. That's a nice area. Is it on the golf course? It's not. It's off the golf course. And I'll be honest with you. I'm going to have to get a map to figure out exactly where is the golf course versus where my house is. Is that right. <SEP> But it's in the estates that adjoin it. That's a nice area. It is. That really is a nice area. When they get that highway finished you can hop on that and get anywhere you need to go fairly quick. <SEP> That one ninety is just going to be the outermost loop around. Another belt line just farther out. <SEP> Just continue to do that. Where are you from in California? Southern California. <SEP> San Diego? I've lived in San Diego for six years when I was younger and L A area. And my parents live in Anaheim right now. Lived up north of Los Angeles in Thousand Oaks area where the Cowboys have their training camp or used to anyway. I've been through all of that. <SEP> There is an area beyond Thousand Oaks north of Los Angeles that is really an eerie strange looking area with boulders. I won-. They're not really hills. They're more like just huge boulders with very little vegetation. I'm not familiar with what. Is it along the coast or inland. <SEP> It may be a little bit more inland. That is one of the strangest areas I have ever seen. <SEP> I had to go up to T I on business a couple years ago. Out there. <SEP> And we went up that coastline. And I was just amazed how unusual that looks. Hang on just a second. I've got a Los Angeles map. Let me just quick. They have some pretty nice weather out there in Los Angeles. Valley. <SEP> Valley. I know where that is. <SEP> Beyond Thousand Oaks. I know where Valley is. I've been out there before. You don't think that's strange looking. I didn't notice anything strange about it. <SEP> Maybe I'm used to Texas. Maybe Texas the way. <SEP> The elevation is extremely high. It's got curving roads on it. But the. It's just a strange landscape. There's very little vegetation. I don't remember seeing that part of it. I know Valley. It's just a suburb of L A. <SEP> It's a. And they've built some new highways out to that area and things lately. People can get in and out of L A easier. Maybe it's a place I went to. It was far extreme thought we'd never find the place. <SEP> It was interesting. Because we went out the Ventura highway to Thousand Oaks and on up through that way. Sounds interesting. <SEP> I know exactly that area. It's a nice area out there. I love Thousand Oaks. Texas I don't know. Things. You just have less a variety I guess. I don't think it's quite as green. It's green with all the trees and things out here. But it's just. It's green sometime. But it's just. I don't know. <SEP> It doesn't stay green. The really. And in all honesty. I know this sounds like a Texas story. All honesty you haven't seen the hottest of summers if you've only been here five years. We haven't had a really bad one. <SEP> I missed that one of eighty or eighty-two or eighty-one that had the heat wave. <SEP> It may be eighty-two because we bought our house in eighty-one. And we built a pool in eighty-two.
sw3508.txt:I guess we're supposed to talk about what's being done about recycling. Lots? <SEP>. What do you do now? We have saved our newspapers for years and years because the Boy Scouts our boys have been involved in have had a huge recycling bin over at Resurrection Lutheran Church. <SEP>. <SEP> So we've done that for quite some time. But since the price of paper has gone down. It's about a fifth of what it used to be. So the Boy Scout troop quit doing it when the City took it over. <SEP> Now we just put ours out for the City of Plano. Do you live in Plano? I do. <SEP> And I'm so glad when they brought out those recycling bins. Have you had yours now? <SEP> Although just about a week ago some of my volunteer mothers that work in the library for me said they hadn't gotten theirs. That's why I asked you. I guess it does go in cycles. <SEP> And not everyone got theirs right away. And I was so relieved because I've been making a real concerted effort recycling the aluminum and the newspapers and even got into plastic because Wal-Mart collected it. <SEP> We used to take ours there. And. <SEP> My garage was just getting overwhelmed. I know. And of course I didn't go weekly. So it became quite a big thing. <SEP> And. I'm really glad they do it. I do mostly newspapers and plastic two liter diet Coke bottles. And aluminum cans some. But I don't use as many of those. <SEP> I guess the ones that are hard to convince yourself to do are the ones that are really dirty that you have to wash out. I found out after washing out many a peanut butter jar that they're not a recycling number one or two. <SEP> So it was wasting a lot of time. Wasting all your time and effort and Putting it in there. <SEP> Thinking I was safe in buying those jars as far as the environment was concerned. But it's not that hard now that I've got this system under control. Got your routine down. <SEP>. I guess there are some places in the north in particular that have a real definite way of encouraging you to recycle. Because they charge you for your garbage pick up by the weight. <SEP> So if you recycle things of course then you don't have all that weight in there. I do find that I don't have as much to throw away because all the bulky things are being tossed in with the recycling. <SEP> That's right. <SEP> And I don't know what they could do more of exactly around here right now other than. What are some of the things they don't recycle. One thing I thought about the other day were batteries. Just everyday regular batteries. Supposedly leak and contaminate the landfills. <SEP> And yet what am I going to do when I have a couple double A batteries to toss out. <SEP> And they don't take. Probably going to throw them in your trash. That's what happens. Because. There are places that take car batteries. But I wonder if they would take. <SEP> Not that it would. Kind of a pain to drive over somewhere special for two little tiny batteries. But. But I think the city one could possibly look into that or something. That's true. <SEP> If they've got these bins for all the other little items. I'm sure if people will have batteries quite often to toss out. That's true. When I was home those few days around Thanksgiving and the truck came by we all ran out to watch it because we'd never really seen it pick up our stuff. <SEP> And one thing I thought was interesting was that the driver had something on his belt that he scanned across the little bar code on our bin as soon as he took the stuff. <SEP> Is that right? And he just pulled this thing kind of out of his pocket and just scanned it. I don't know what that was reading it for. But. <SEP> Registering our garbage. They must be trying to keep track of who is doing it or what I guess. I don't know. Another. <SEP> Wouldn't it be nice if you could get a credit back at the end of the year. For those who are really cooperating. That would encourage it. <SEP> Except I know it would just not be cost effective. They've already got all this money out on getting the trucks and hiring people to work them. I'm sure they couldn't afford that. But. <SEP> But the garbage. Now there is just one garbage man that comes on the truck instead of two. <SEP> That's interesting. Also slightly off the subject but our big green garbage thing got stolen. It did? <SEP> And we called the City. And they brought us a new one. And they did not charge us. And they said that between three and four hundred have been stolen. Isn't that sad. <SEP> It is sad. And just. You know. They paid for those things anyway. And they must be really expensive. <SEP> Or our taxes do. Of course we were hoping we weren't going to have to pay for it. But what would somebody do with them.
sw2275.txt:I can tell you pretty much my two favorite shows. And they kind of are in different spectrums I think. One of them is QUANTUM LEAP. <SEP> And the other one is NIGHT COURT. And I think they're real different. I don't think they have anything in common. QUANTUM LEAP is kind of a comedy in its own way I guess. But mostly it's kind of science fiction. And it's adventure and things like that. <SEP> And then NIGHT COURT is just pure weird fun. It's nothing serious about it at all. So I don't know why the two of them happen to be my two favorite shows. But that's the way it is. So. <SEP> It's funny that those are my husband's two favorite shows too. And I enjoy watching both of them. But I used to didn't like NIGHT COURT. <SEP> And I. And the only reason I think I like it now is because I've seen it so much. And I'm involved with the characters. But I used to think Dan Fielding was just too vulgar and too crude for me. He is. <SEP> And I told my husband that's the whole point. But. That's right. I just. It's. I find him degrading at times. I guess that is the point. But sometimes it just. They really have changed him though. If you've watched it this season he still is in his own way degrading and everything. But he's involved in that charity. And it's taking up so much of his time and so much of his thought that he really has. In fact there was one show that he even turned down a date with some beautiful woman just because his mind was on the ozone layer and global warming and all this other kind of stuff. <SEP> And he was too depressed to. So that was part of his character building or whatever. But. I think it probably adds a little bit of depth to his character. I haven't watched. Which of course he needed. <SEP> I think so. Which in QUANTUM LEAP you get. Even though the person is involved in so many other people's lives you still see a real person in those situations. He's doing amazing things. But he's doing them within the bounds of what a normal person would do. That's a good point. <SEP> And I think that's. I like that. What do you consider your favorite shows? I think my favorite show is HUNTER. <SEP> And I like the old series better when Dede was in there. Dede. I agree. <SEP> And then the blond that they took out the one that got killed. I can't remember what her name is. But is. I didn't enjoy her. I. She was too much of a opposite of Dede. And I think that's what they try to do. But I think we wanted to see Dede there or somebody like her. <SEP> But I read an article in T V GUIDE about HUNTER and about his three girls whatever you want to call them. And they say that there was a conflict between her and him that they never really could get her into any character that they could use. <SEP> The second lady? The second one the blond. <SEP> If you think about it they didn't really interact hardly at all. They didn't. They were never partners. <SEP> She would go her way. And he would do his. And I think that's what I didn't like. And even at the beginning Dede and Hunter would decide that one of them would go do this while the other one would go this. But it seemed like it was almost two different organizations. <SEP> Hunter was the boss. And this other girl was not. And you're wondering when did this happen? So. I kind of agree with that. <SEP> And I like the new lady better. But I'd just as soon that they didn't have the romance there. I'd just as soon have the police story without all the romance. I'm afraid that's what they really wanted to do. I think most shows were doing that. And then they went away from it. <SEP> And now they're starting to go back to it. And maybe that's what the public wants. I don't know. But I like the cut and dry solve the mystery. And that's what I always enjoyed about it. There was that spark between Dede and Hunter for a while. But they started it. And then they'd pull it back. And they'd start it and pull it back. And that really made it a very interesting show to where you never really knew which one was going to show up. Whether it was going to where they're going to be real close or whether they're just going to be partners. <SEP> And that I kind of thought was good. But it's. You always kind of sit there. And you see these two people together. And you always wonder why they don't get together or whatever. And so I guess that's what they decide to do. <SEP> Just go ahead and quit the wondering. And. But it's always been a formula for T V that the minute that the two main stars get married that the show ends up dying. <SEP> A good example of this and this is probabl-. Maybe it's not a good example. I've been watching Nickelodeon all last week because they had what they called MAXIMUM SMART. They had GET SMART for ten hours a day from seven o'clock at night until five o'clock the next morning. All the GET SMART episodes you could ever see. The last day all they did was the last season to where the two of them got married. <SEP> And that was the killer. The series died right after that because. I was going to say I didn't ever watch MOONLIGHTING. Go ahead. <SEP> But I heard that's what killed it. Same thing. That interplay died when they got married. And so the show died. The. It seems like you can do so much more of the subtle hints and the subtle little plays on things before they get married. <SEP> The minute they get married everything's supposed to be cut and dried. And of course another one of their mistakes is they have a tendency to change characters or to change the characters' personalities especially after they get married. <SEP> Halfway through. Couple of examples would be like I said this one about Get Well Smart the female character Barbara Feldon. <SEP> She had been at the beginning the intelligent one the one who always solved the things and figured out and kept Max from getting real messed up. In short whenever they got married she got dingy. Why would they do that? <SEP> It made no sense. I'm guess it's falling back into our traditional stereotype which a lot of shows. Unfortunately that's probably true. <SEP> Which kind of. Like in the big soap opera shows which I don't enjoy because of that. But. Do you watch WHO'S THE BOSS? That's on Tuesday nights I think. I've seen it before. But I don't watch it regularly. I hardly ever watch it. <SEP> Usually Tuesday nights I'm out. So. But as I've seen it they've done sort of the same thing to where they started to let them get together. And then they pulled them apart. And I think they're thinking about that exact thing about the idea that if the show lets them get together then you lose part of what the show's all about. <SEP> So. I always thought that was kind of weird. It's funny how we romanticize people. <SEP> For instance where as the teenager you romanticize a rock star. But when he gets married then you don't care any more or something like that. And I think it's the same with your characters on T V. Do you think that's why most rock stars nowadays keep their marriages secret or at least they keep it quiet. <SEP> Probably. I know it affected me when I was younger. I'm not into rock stars too much lately. <SEP> But. Like Madonna and Sean Penn. I don't particularly like either one of them. But their marriage was so highly publicized that there was no way that they could stay together. <SEP> Or at least that's the way I look at it. So I don't know. <SEP> It would have been hard. Wouldn't it. I would think so. I just the publicity in and of itself much less the. When you get married you've got relationship to develop in the first place. So having twenty million people watch you do that. It's. They wouldn't be easy. <SEP> That's kind of interesting. I guess that's about all we need to do isn't it. <SEP> I think we've covered our time. It's been good talking to you. It has been Becky. I really appreciate it. <SEP> You're the first man I've talked to. Everyone else has been a female. So this is a change. I think I've. You're the second female I've talked to. You've had a little bit of variety. It's kind of nice. <SEP> Thanks so much.
sw2259.txt:How do you feel about the immigration laws? At. Currently I think they are a little restrictive. Particularly for certain ethnic groups or from certain countries. I think we should permit more immigration from eastern Europe for example particularly the Jewish people from Russia. I think we could permit more of them in than we have permitted in the last several years. And I think we have too much restriction on the Orientals also. But of course that's just my opinion. I'm not real sure why I got this topic because I don't think I checked it off on the list because I know very little about the current immigration laws. <SEP>. We seem to favor certain countries particularly South American countries. And there is no. I have nothing of course against the South Americans or Hispanics in that sense. But I think we are more restrictive of the so called eastern European countries than we should be. Of course that's from my own bias since my ancestors from eastern Europe. So. <SEP> So I think the embargo we placed on the Russian Jews although we spent years and years lobbying for their release and their ability to immigrate from Russia as soon as that occurred we simply said that instead of the hundred and fifty thousand or so who wanted to immigrate to this country we cut that by two thirds. So. <SEP> I do not quite go along with that. But. That doesn't make a whole of lot sense. And I still think. Again kind of having within this century come from an immigrant family or immigrant families on both sides. <SEP> Both my mother's parents and my father's parents were immigrants. So I'm a little touchy every now and then about that. My family is from Europe from England and Ireland and have been in this country for more than a hundred and fifty years almost two hundred years. <SEP> So I don't have any relatives several generations back that I am familiar with their names and how they fit into the family. They were all born here. So I don't have any real strong ties with the immigration laws. I don't have any personal feelings about them. And I haven't taken the time or effort to learn what they are. <SEP> I think in a way though I also have an opposite point of view which is although I believe we should permit constant immigration into this country primarily for economic reasons I think we should have some quotas. Of course my family and I. Again that was. My grandparents came over during the time when there were quotas. So they had to wait in certain parts of Europe for years before they were permitted to come over. <SEP> So. But I think unrestricted immigration is not best. I agree with that. I think if immigration was entirely unrestricted not only would the United States become more over populated awfully quickly it would bring in a lot of people that are run out of other countries or in trouble in other countries. I think they'd come here trying to find a new market for their brand of crime. <SEP> There's another aspect of this too. They're also diminishing the health restrictions which. I was not aware of that. There were some regulations over. Just recently where people with certain diseases can not be excluded from immigration. Age is one for example. And recently tuberculosis which at one time if you had tuberculosis you could not get into this country they dropped that also. <SEP> So I think in some ways we are becoming a little too egalitarian in that sense. But I think we should be a little more circumspect about it. Again my opinion. Think we've talked long enough? I think so. <SEP> I've enjoyed talking to you. I have talked long enough. <SEP> Thank you. <SEP>
sw2092.txt:The thing is that I. Since I'm in school I don't basically have a monthly budget because I'm living off my dad. But the thing is that I have to keep it under control because for example it's like the beginning of the semester when you go to pay for everything everything is pretty rough. But he controls that part. But then whenever. It's like once the semester starts I'm the one who has to control how much spending there is. And the only thing that I basically spend my money on is just food. So. What about tuition and rent? Who takes care of that? The thing is that I live in a dorm. <SEP> So what happens is you pay six hundred dollars at the beginning or even before school starts. And then the tuition is also the same thing. So the thing is basically that I spend maybe thirty-five forty dollars every two weeks on groceries. And that's about it. But the thing also is that if you want to go out if you want to go to a restaurant or something then I have to moderate that because it's like I can't go eat out at a nice restaurant and spend twenty dollars three times a week. <SEP> You can't do that very often. So it's. For us it's I can spend that money. But it's not what I want to spend it on. Are you working anywhere while you are going to school? <SEP> Because they don't allow me to work since I'm a foreign student. And so the government doesn't allow me to work. <SEP> So all the money comes from home. So you got to make. So how do you keep track of where you are in your monthly spending? The thing is that I basically know how much I have? <SEP> And so the thing is that I can tell. I get all my money out of the teller. And besides one of my biggest expenses is telephone calls since I have to call international. <SEP> Where do you call to? Argentina. Argentina? <SEP> And so the bas-. One of the problems is that I spend too much money on phone bills. Talk too long. That's. They want me to call down there every so often. <SEP> I told my dad Dad listen if you want to save money I won't call so often. He goes we want to keep in touch. So I doesn't matter about the money because we need to hear from you. So you call him collect? Because it is more expensive that way. <SEP> What makes you think so? Any. Basically the United States is the cheapest country to call out of. <SEP> And because it's considered a luxury in other countries. You just call him direct. And then. Since it's his money anyway. <SEP> And you get the bill and send it to him? I got money to pay that too. So it's basically. It's not too much money. And it's not too little money. So I won't have to rush a letter to him or something. <SEP> Because he really wants me to concentrate on my studies. What are you studying? I'm doing masters in computer science and computer engineering. <SEP> And what do you think you'll do with that? With those degrees? I can work here up to a year. <SEP> And? And hopefully get a job after that. You want to get into some kind of manufacturing. Or what's the specialty that you're looking for? Computer communications and data transmissions. <SEP> So you want to find a data transmissions. You're looking for long distance type stuff. Anywhere from local area networks metropolitan area networks all that. And so you have a family? <SEP> I have a wife and two children. And. And does your wife work? She doesn't work. She does. It's kind of hard to say now days other than taking care of the house she does a lot of sewing herself. <SEP> And she gets paid for that. So she brings some money in. She is trying to start her own business where she does that full time. Alterations and sewing. Stuff for the public. <SEP> And do that on a full time basis here in town. And you have a monthly budget? <SEP> Sort of. We're probably like most American families I guess that we sort of have a budget in that we know how much we've got at the end of the month. And we know what bills have to be paid. And we pay as many of those bills that can be paid with the monthly budget. So. You don't have any problem in overcharging on your credit card and stuff like that. <SEP> We're like everybody else. We've got several credit cards that sometimes instead of paying them all off every month maybe you have to slip some and you pay part of it this month and part of it next month especially around Christmas time. That's when everybody goes crazy on charging stuff. Then that's one of the points which I don't see. I don't give a lot of gifts during Christmas. And I don't like to give any at all. <SEP> Because the thing is that it's like if I want something I'll ask somebody. For Christmas my roommate goes what do you want. And I said I want a backpack. <SEP>. I told him if you want to give me a present for Christmas give me a backpack. That's something that you can use. Because I needed a backpack. So he gave me a backpack. And I knew he needed an alarm clock. <SEP> So I bought him an alarm clock. So the thing was that. That's great. Utilitarian. <SEP> But. Necessary things no frivolous gifts. But the thing is especially remember when I was down in Argentina to me it was ridiculous. Because you have to. Once a year you go out. And you spend all this money on all these people. And some you don't care about. It's like. <SEP> That's true. Why bother. But the thing is that. <SEP> Especially being a college student your. I don't know that you need to be involved in a lot of frivolous gift giving. That effects the budget especially around Christmas time. At the end of the semester you've got finals and lots of bills I would suspect. <SEP> What about when you have breaks Christmas or between sessions? For example we had spring break now. And I went skiing. And I spent around maybe two hundred dollars. I expect so. But it's. <SEP> You've got to budget that though. You've got to save up in able to do that? Because it's like we were saying let's go eat out before spring break. I go let's not go eat out before spring break. <SEP> Let's see how much money we have afterwards. And if I felt like I spent way to much then I won't go out. <SEP> And so my roommate went home. I went skiing over the Carolina Mountains which aren't anything. But I guess it was worth it. <SEP> Sure it is. Any time you can get away and get away from the daily grind. It was a nice place. Especially if you live on campus and you don't have a car you just go crazy. <SEP> I know the feeling. So let's see how long have we been talking here. Six minutes and a half. Is that okay? <SEP>. Nice talking to you. Nice talking to you. Have a good time. <SEP>
sw3088.txt:What do you think about it? I feel in light of some of the accidents and so forth that have happened lately that I think there are some occupations such as the health field the transportation field. They're already doing it in the armed forces where they handle weapons and so forth. They do it to prisoners. <SEP> So I feel like it should be mandatory in some professions. And I think if an employer feels that he wants to drug test employees and they don't like it then they should not be employed there. That was. I would not mind it. I especially agree that if it's an area where they could cause somebody else harm or injury absolutely. And I don't have a problem at all with employers testing in the hiring process. But I don't have a problem with them too much testing even after the fact. But I do a little bit where it wouldn't hurt anybody. I don't know. Sometimes I think they carry it a little bit too far. <SEP> But. Unless an employer has a reason to believe that the work competency of the employee is hurting the business. <SEP> Maybe it's. And then it's not a problem. <SEP> Number one because generally if they are involved in that type of thing they are into theft. And as an employer I would think that would be. And the first. It's not going to be wholesale because of the cost. <SEP> There's no way. But my concern is school bus drivers. Tr-. The train drivers. I'm not even. I'm in education. I'm not even opposed to it for that. I'm concerned in the medical field. <SEP> I think they should screen for alcohol in these areas too because I consider that a drug. I wish they would. I wish they would. And that is even probably more widely abused by the masses than drugs so to speak. <SEP>. <SEP>. But when you consider they could be driving an airplane or driving a bus or a train. I know. <SEP> And. And it doesn't take that long. They don't have to be totally roaring drunk. <SEP> Just a little off on their timing could mean life. Just. And. <SEP> T I has the random testing policy. And our names or our employee numbers or whatever are in a pool. <SEP> So I've already been tested once when I was hired and once since they initiated this random testing program. But I work with one girl who was tested her name got randomly selected three times in six months. <SEP> And I think that's the only reason I have a problem with it when there's no reason to suspect someone. Control. That's getting a little bit. That's enough to make anybody paranoid. <SEP> As long as you accept that it is a random testing to alleviate. That way you can't feel like somebody's out to get me. <SEP> If. It's almost like being selected for jury duty. So your name came out of pot when they spun the wheel. That's just the way it is. Either just the lucky or the unlucky one depending on how you look at it. <SEP> I would rather have it that way than to think that somebody turned me in because I think when you let other employees turn in people. There are so many people with their petty axes to grind. <SEP> It could really get out of hand. <SEP> So I would really rather know however. There's got to be some backup to say that. If somebody does observe you at a party using drugs I would think that it would be their obligation to report that. To report it. And I guess you'd report that to a supervisor maybe anonymously or something because I would feel very uncomfortable working with someone I knew was using either illegal drugs or abusing alcohol. <SEP> Personnel or something. I'd feel really uncomfortable. <SEP>. I don't know what kind of work you do. But there would even be a situation where you were at a machine and working with somebody that was that way. We have a lot of people who work on the line. I'm in accounting. So it wouldn't. They couldn't hurt me with their ten key or something. <SEP> But out on the line they've got people working some serious equipment. <SEP>. It's. Especially given today the drug abuse that goes on I just think employers have to have some kind of way to see that they're not being put at risk. Because they're the ones who are going to have the lawsuits the insurance claims et cetera. Put at risk. <SEP> I agree totally. <SEP> And I'm not sure but what some of the insurance claims aren't due to illnesses brought on by drug abuse or alcohol abuse. And in the long run we're all paying for that. So it protects us in the long run hopefully when they do that. <SEP> I was trying to remember there was a court case here where I live just a few months ago. The city workers they wanted to. The city government wanted to institute the random drug testing. And the city workers took them to court to protest saying that it invaded the search and seizure amendment. <SEP> And it's still tied up in the legal channels. They haven't ruled on whether they can test them or not. So I'm curious especially since a local employer is also already doing it seeing what they'll say about it especially since. <SEP> To see how that's. Is it just a small group of the employees that are concerned? It's the whole city. Seems like the whole group of city employees that's raising a stink over it. <SEP> They just don't want to be drug tested. So. My husband and I have never been in a situation where somebody said you have to be drug tested. <SEP> My husband's retired from I R S agents. However this isn't a problem that we have either alcohol or drug. <SEP> And so in our minds we're thinking what's the big deal. That's the way I looked at it. If I had something to hide it's one thing. But I'm. You know you don't. So it's not as big a deal. And you sometimes wonder when these people protest so much whether they're really concerned about their rights or whether they're really concerned about something else. <SEP> And then they say if you give them the right to do this then they're going to take some other right away from you. But I firm-. I don't believe that. I think that an employer has the right to ask you to do anything. And of course one of the big deals now too is that when you come into a company you sign a paper saying that I will go take a.
sw2970.txt:. I do not know. How big a city is Rome? You have heard about Dallas. And the crime here is pretty bad. Rome is pretty small. But. <SEP> I was going to say. We hear a lot about New York City. There is a lot of crime down there. And I am afraid to go down there because you hear about people getting mugged. You leave your car for ten minutes. And it is stripped when you come back. <SEP> Have you ever been there? I have not. Only to the airport. That is probably enough to see. <SEP> Are you in college right now? I work for the Air Force. So there is a base up here. And. <SEP> Are base. That's interesting concept. Are bases safe? Bases are pretty safe because they check your I D on your way in. And. They minimize the access. But even so we had a. At New Years we had some people come in and attack one of the planes. Because they were protesting the presence over in the Persian Gulf. <SEP>. <SEP>. That is wonderful. Dallas. We lived in Minneapolis. We moved here about ten months ago. And Dallas is pretty. We live in north Dallas which is near a suburb called Plano. So we are out of the city. But it is bad everywhere in terms of the handgun situation the number of rapes the number of muggings. Just I would not say it is not as bad as New York. But it is pretty scary. <SEP> People put bars on their windows in certain neighborhoods. And. They call them ornamental grates. But they are still bars. That makes it bad for getting out during a fire. <SEP> It really does. And if you are a little bit claustrophobic. But. I do not know. The jails are crowded. I am not a criminal justice specialist. So I do not know what can be done. I am. I do not know. It seems to. I think it is getting worse. Because I keep hearing things. When I went home. My parents live in Boston. <SEP> But I went home. And we were watching T V. And this thing came on where a group of five or six guys went and filmed themselves beating up people in the street and robbing them. <SEP> And it was really disgusting. And my mom was `` They should just be all shot right now. ''. And you he-. Were they teenagers. Or? <SEP> Like that girl in New York that got beat up. When she was jogging in Central Park a couple of years ago? <SEP> I think they were early twenties. They were young men. <SEP> So they weren't. And were they obviously poor or depri-? That is really stra-. Like I say s-. I know it. How deprived could they be if they had a camcorder? Those are a thousand bucks. Unless they stole it. And that is one big thing down here. They have. And they are not all young. They are eighteen to twenty-four some of the young men and women. But you can see the Crime Stoppers ads on television. And they are. Sometimes it is the same people that have been observed. And they still can't catch them. <SEP> And you are wondering how. We lived in Minneapolis and Wisconsin. There was all kind of. I know it is getting worse. I do not know what the world is or is not. The dimi-. In a small town in Wisconsin near Madison a young boy somehow got a hold of a shotgun. And killed his parents and his three brothers and sisters. <SEP> And the child had. And they said that he was twelve years old. And he had not displayed any tendencies deviant or disturbed or whatever. And you are thinking to yourself. I wonder where. <SEP> I know. I do not know. I wonder where he gets it? You must. I think T V is bad. Because they show all sorts of violence on. That. And I do not think a lot of parents. I do not know how it is in the Air Force base. But I just do not think a lot of people both need to work. I just do not think a lot of parents are that involved any more. They do not talk to their kids and take them out. And are not there all the time. <SEP> So the kids are off to their own devices a lot. And discipline. I do not know how your folks were. But I sure knew as heck when I was growing up that my parents were the superior. And I was the subordinate. And. It was sort of like there were boundaries. <SEP> And I do not know I think today a lot of parents are ruled by their kids. I. I think so definitely. When you go to a restaurant and kids are running all over the place. They. They are not learning boundaries. I see it in work place too sometimes. I do not know how old you are. But you sound a little bit younger than me. But I am in my thirties. And I see even people that work with me that are ten years younger. That they kind of have an attitude that I hate to say it. But that's just what it is. It is an attitude like the world owes them something. But they. <SEP> I see that too in the Air Force. Espec-. <SEP> Do you? A lot of. Especially since a lot of us are engineers where I work. Are you in the Air Force? I am in the Air Force. <SEP> And so people outside the Air Force doing engineering get paid a lot more than we do. And so all the young engineers are I am just going. <SEP> Get it for all it is worth. And that. And I am you are the one who signed up. If you did not want to do it. And. <SEP> And the Air Force is one of the better military experiences. It is. I like it a lot. <SEP> Pardon me? I like it so far. That is. Are you going to be a career person? I'm digressing. But I do not talk to many people in the military. <SEP> So I am. Probably not. But they pay for my college. So. <SEP> That is the way to do it. And that's. At least the Air Force is. I do not know I am nervous in Dallas. I go to an aerobics class or something. And seventy women in a Jazzercise class in a public parks and rec building. And you are supposed to feel safe. But then there are all these. It does not matter race. But it is an inter racial mix. And you see these guys standing there watching you jump around in your leotards. And I do not even think that way. But you just. Nobody can think that it can't happen to them. It. <SEP> No matter who they are. Or where they are at. And you never know who is watching either. Did you. I do not know I was in the grocery store this morning. We went to New Orleans for four days and came back late last night driving. And it is about seven hours. <SEP> And that is a very. We had never been there. That is a very very neat town to visit. In terms of the French Quarter and all of the things you hear about. <SEP> But the crime is so bad there. In all the tourist brochures you read about what you should or should not do. How to carry your wallet. This is New Orleans? <SEP> New Orleans. I would hate to be there during Mardi Gras. Let me tell. I would never. You just do not. Do not even bother. It is not worth it. When we came back I do not know if you have seen. I was in the super market this morning. And on the cover of TIME magazine there is a girl she is in Boston? She is on the east coast somewhere. Real attractive young girl. College freshman college coed. I think she is a freshman. She had been dating a fellow for several weeks. <SEP> They went back to her dorm room. And date rape. And it just. She looked anguished. It was really just sad. Did not pick it up and read it. But I should have. But I just looked at the picture and thought what a world. I know. <SEP> I do not. You can't trust anybody. I do not have any cure. It is really scary. <SEP> You really can't. We lease out a really nice two story town home in north Dallas. And they have a real big thing here. Even dry cleaners knock on the door and are soliciting. Everybody wants your business kind of thing. And my husband is the kind of guy he's sometime. He was raised on a farm in southern Ohio near Dayton. And I think sometimes it is just he and I are very different in terms of that. I basically have started not to trust anybody in general street smarts. <SEP> We. And he opened the door. I came downstairs. And I was real upset. And I probably got more nasty than I should have. But I just said Howard. <SEP>. I would not. You hear about people opening the door and getting blown away. <SEP> Or people. And it is not a reason. I have been to New York. You should not deny yourself going to visit and all that. <SEP> But it is not any worse. I used to work for a mortgage company that was owned by. Are you from Boston? <SEP> Home Owners Savings and Loan in Boston. And I know I never felt. I have been to downtown New York City. And I have been to downtown Boston. And I never felt any safer on Milk Street in Boston staying at the Meridian. <SEP> I did not pay for. But I never felt any safer there than I did in any other city I have been in. <SEP> So I would say one thing. Do not deny yourself the New York experience but go with people that you know. I would not want to go by myself. But I do not know. I guess I could go on and on about what to do about criminals. I think the handgun. I am not real big on guns myself. <SEP> So. I think our justice system needs to be stricter. Because they do it. And then they get out in a couple of years it seems like. They are booked up. <SEP> Are the New York. I do not know how the New York state prison system is. But Are they booked up? <SEP> That is a way to put it. They are booked up. Are they paroling murderers. And here it is just a real big deal. They parole people that have killed police officers. And then they are out doing it again. I do not know. Because I am not real up on a lot of news things. But you just hear about that. <SEP> It is a lot of repeat crime. And you are why are they repeating? They should have been in there longer. Or. I know. And then you think I can remember I have not been out of school that long. But it has been at least ten years. And you think to yourself was it that bad back then? Or is it just. I think that like you said television? Is it just that more people think there is excitement in it? People that may have been close to the edge just go over because they see something or read something. It seems. That it is more in Boston. There was a case of a couple of kids fifteen year olds. They wanted to see what it was like to kill someone. <SEP> So they picked on this kid who was new in town. And they were no one was going to miss him anyway. And it. <SEP> That is horrible. How can you even think like that? Isn't it something? I am originally from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. And I have a niece and nephew. And I just. My ten year old nephew says things that he is aware of that I am just going Michael how did you hear about that? <SEP> It is just I think kids get too much too fast. And all those sort of things. <SEP> In Atlanta where my inlaws live they had that thing the high top sneakers the Air Jordans et cetera. <SEP> Kids killing each other and beating their brains out. For the sneakers. Or the jackets the team the Raiders and the caps. <SEP> Stealing the hundred dollar jackets. It goes from the most petty like that to what you were saying that they in Boston. That is crime where they videoed. That is probably one of the most bizarre I have heard of. <SEP> Where they videotape themselves. It seems like crime is turning into a pastime instead of be.
sw3062.txt:We've talked a little bit about the Plano school system. I really have been pleased with Plano. I have a child who. My son is learning disabled. And I thank God every day that I have the resources that we have tapped into. <SEP> Is he the elementary school? He's in elementary school. And he's not severely learning disabled. <SEP> He's being helped. But he is being helped. He was in resource from second grade till fourth grade in math. <SEP> And they recently released him from resource which I was thrilled. I really was. I just thought that was so neat that they got him over that hump. And he's in the Herman Method of Reading. I don't know if you're familiar with that. <SEP> That's something new to me. I'm. It is something new. And basically what they do is they start right from the beginning relearning the sounds of letters. <SEP> I think I read about that in the paper. It's wonderful. Doctor Haggard is heading that up. And it's wonderful. He didn't have a problem with reading. As a matter of fact he's reading on level. The problem was his spelling. And in watching the way he has struggled. <SEP> It's interesting because I'm convinced I have the same learning disability that was ignored. And. <SEP> So you learned how to solve your problems on your own. That's right. And so it's not an intelligence problem. It's just a problem with learning. Has he had this since kindergarten. Or is this something that maybe learning phonetics. And then he just didn't learn the right way? It's funny. When he was in first grade he had trouble with spelling. <SEP> And I would say to the teacher it's amazing. He will be able to. You'll say to him spell cat. And he'll say C A T. And then he would go to write it. And he would write C O T. And I kept saying to the teacher something is wrong here. Something is wrong here. <SEP> You're right. And the teacher kept saying he has a May birthday. He's just immature. Second grade it was. I will. These teachers as far as I'm concerned are absolute saints because in second grade I went up there. And I requested a conference because all year long they kept telling me I was crazy. <SEP> That's great for parents to be involved. I was. And I went up there the second week of school. And I said something is wrong. And the head teacher the team leader was a special education major. <SEP> How great. It was. And She had picked it up. So she was able to zero in. <SEP> She had already picked it up. And she said we were going to call you if you hadn't called us. We think there's a learning disability. And we think he needs to be tested immediately because once the first report card comes in they have all these people being tested. And she said I think we can get him real fast. <SEP> And sure enough they tested him. And he qualified for the help. And it's been great. And I thank God I'm here because I know I have a sister who has the other extreme. She has a child in Connecticut who is extremely gifted. And because of the cutbacks in the economy they have nothing for her. <SEP> And to me that's the same thing. It's like having a child who has a learning disability that's being ignored this poor gifted child is being ignored. <SEP> But that's something that parents are able to help the gifted child in the home more than they could help the learning disabled child. That's true. Because that's something you can do by just enrichment types of things in the home. That's true. <SEP> But learning disability unless you are schooled in the types of things and ways to help a child like that then it makes it real difficult. <SEP> And this to me is the benefit I see in public schools is that you do have government money to fund the kinds of programs that these students need. <SEP> And I'm not sure that the private schools or parochial schools address that problem they test kids before they take them. <SEP> And They don't take them. And if they're a behavior problem they're out. That's right. <SEP> That. And this is kind of a rejection type of thing. <SEP> And we get it even at our level in. I work a nine ten school. And we get students that come in that have been kicked out of the parochial and private schools. And they come in. And their attitude is `` I'm a bad boy'' and proceed to prove it. <SEP> So I really hate that for them. I would rather they not have that attitude. But that's. When comparing test scores. Recently I was in a discussion. And they were comparing test scores between private schools and public schools. <SEP> And that was one of the points that I made is that you're not comparing apples to apples. That's right. You can't say I know Steven probably would not be accepted because he has a learning disability into a private school. Which is too bad. <SEP> But on the other hand I can't necessarily blame them they are a private school. And they can do whatever they want. <SEP> That's right. They can be selective. And they. That's right. They have the ability to be selective. But you can't say then public schools are not as good. <SEP> Perhaps they are because they're. If you choose the select top group out of the public schools and tested them and then compared them to the private school group then I think you would have a more equitable way. You're right. <SEP> And I have a problem when they compare the kids in Japan or Germany to the kids here. In honesty the kids in Japan they have to try out to even get to which kindergarten they're going to get into. And then after. And if you only. In fact they've had cases in the past where parents have committed suicide because their child has not gotten into the top kindergarten which means they probably won't get into the top elementary and high school. <SEP> And if they don't when they reach a certain age that's the end of their schooling. And they don't ever really go on. It's only their top ones that go on like ours do. <SEP> So that creates a problem. And you can't compare because they go so many more hours. The other thing is that the priority in the family is that child's education and is that child. <SEP> You see that with the foreigners that come here. That's right. I was talking to somebody recently or read somewhere where they said that these children they had to be the best. And they put off all social life all everything. <SEP> That's right. That's right. Is that good? The child is very bright. But on the other hand I feel like my children who are kind of middle of the road are more rounded. Better coping skills. <SEP> I think it's real important to have friends. I think it's real important to play sports. I think it's real important to be part of a team. And so that's why I said their childhood is extremely different from mine. We didn't do all that. <SEP> We certainly didn't carpool and run the way I do. And you don't see the parents encouraging those students to get on athletic teams or drill teams or band. <SEP> It's strictly stick to the educational. And it's interesting to see them as they get older then that is the type of adult they are. <SEP>
sw3246.txt:Do you see anything wrong with public school systems? I do. I think I'm concerned about the large number of children that each teacher is expected to deal with in some quality way. I think maybe we've given our teachers a almost impossible job. I agree. <SEP> Do you? Do you have children in the public school system? And I taught for fourteen years before we moved to Texas. Is that right. And the one thing I see is changing is I was held accountable so much. I had to document and create a paper chase for all of my students. And instead of spending my time coming up with creative learning stations and things like that I was filling out all these forms for all the children. <SEP> You were a bookkeeper. Everything had to be documented. And I had file cabinets that weren't filled with neat stuff for kids. It was filled with documentation. <SEP>. I have three years toward a teaching degree and am trying to get headed back. And I'm just really in a dilemma if that's what. I love to work with children and to teach them. Me too. <SEP> But I'm really having questions if I can deal with that system and have a good conscience about what I do. I don't think it's the teachers. I think it's the system. I think so too. But. They're so worried about lawsuits and the scores the children get on tests now and teacher competency. <SEP> And it's not like the teacher can just get in there and do her best. She's always worried who's looking over her shoulder. And. What child's going to say something some parent's going to overreact to. That's right. <SEP> I know. That's true. It's hard on the children too. Because the teachers are overworked. And just like a mommy that's overworked you're not at your best. That's right. <SEP> Do you have children in the system? I have two. I have in the system. One is in ninth grade. And one is in seventh grade. And them. I'm home schooling my kindergartner this year. <SEP> We live in a district that has open classrooms. And I wasn't particularly comfortable with that for her. Are you in Plano? I am too. <SEP> You too. And I have one in ninth grade at Clark. And one at Hendrick this year. And my sixth grader came from an open classroom at Matthews. And the very first year I taught back in seventy-three we had open classroom. And it didn't work then. And when we moved down here I was just appalled that they were still doing it here. <SEP> Still at it. The explanation I was given about. They seemed to admit that it wasn't working. But they didn't have the money to restructure. But looks to me that it wouldn't take really that much money to at least come up with some kind of partitions. Partitions. <SEP> Or just to face the children different directions or to do something. Just. I know last year my son had to eat in the classroom because there was no cafeteria at his school. <SEP> So he spent all day in this one large open area. So I didn't really care for that. It seems like the schools in Michigan were much better than they are down here. <SEP> Were they? That was our last tour in Michigan. We were from North Carolina. And of course North Carolina has a terrible reputation as far as education. I think they rank about forty-ninth. <SEP> But our children got a very good education there. They were in the magnet school program. From the time they were about third grade they changed classes several times during the day which has its pros and cons. But a lot of their classes there were only eight or ten children in their classes. <SEP> And it was wonderful. So I'm coming to Plano thinking it's going to be really great. It's ranked so much better. That's right. We heard wonderful things about it until we actually got in the system. <SEP> Isn't that interesting. I don't understand how they get this reputation unless it's just that they spend a lot of money. I don't know. Probably so on publicity and letting realtors know and key people how wonderful the schools are. I guess so. <SEP> My son is at Clark this year too. So we're. As a freshman? <SEP> And he's pleased with his classes. I don't guess I've been in the high school long enough to know what to expect really how to judge it. My daughter seems to be having a good time. She was absent with strep throat the last three days. And I ran over and picked up her report card. And she did very good. And she seems to be studying and has just about the right amount of home work I would expect for a freshman to have. <SEP> That's good. She's not bogged down. But yet she has some every night. <SEP> Eric seems to have quite a few nights where he doesn't have any. So that's interesting. But his grades I haven't seen them yet. But supposedly they're good. You always hear how good. My son's at junior high and says that his grades are going to be wonderful. But who knows what he's going to bring home. <SEP> That's right.
sw3238.txt:. <SEP> My name's Gail. I'm calling from Texas. I'm Sandy. I'm in Texas too. What a deal. <SEP> Took long enough to find you. Seems like they take forever any more. Did you hear what the topic was. <SEP> Did she tell you. If you're ready then I'll just go ahead and start. <SEP> Hold on. I guess we're supposed to talk about the changing roles of women. Seems like to me everything is just changing so much that it's almost like you can't keep up with things any more. And everyone's striving so much to make it equal between men and women. Personally I'm a stay home mom. And I like it the way it used to be. <SEP> So am I. Are you. I think it's kind of coming back around to that don't you. I mean that there's a lot more people that stay home now than before. But I guess more than anything I think maybe people were just kind of wanting to have the choice of what they could do. <SEP> I don't know. I think sometimes some of the women's lib though is kind of like they wanted it all. And you can't have everything. There's no way I could have a career and then be the kind of mom that I want to be. <SEP> And to me that's more important. How many kids do you have? Two. Two? <SEP> Are they young. Or. Five and two. Five and two. I have two. And mine are two and nine months. So being home is real. I just am fortunate because I don't know a real lot of moms that get to stay home. And it's just weird that I was just talking to somebody this morning who's a working mom. And these people have secretaries and these high power jobs. And it just seems like. She told me now her daughter took her first steps at the day care. And I just don't agree with that. I think it should be that people should get back to staying home and being more family oriented than not. It seems like everybody's always so busy with everything that they're doing that there's no time for this and that and the other. And I hope it just doesn't get to where there's more and more women going into the work force. <SEP> I agree. But I hate for them to make people feel bad that have to work too saying you should stay home otherwise your children aren't going to turn out or whatever because that's not fair to the single moms that have to work. Or if they wouldn't be able to make ends meet not working or whatever. <SEP> I think it's got to be a personal choice. And it's nice that we could have the choice to stay home. I find that whenever I'm in a group of people and we're discussing things. Just over the weekend I visited my family and some cousins I hadn't seen in a long time. And everyone's all interested in what everybody's doing. And I had my baby with me. And I found that all I talked about was my baby which was fine with me. But it's like here these people are. They're going to school getting degrees making all this money. And they kind of looked at me like I was from the dark ages because I didn't have really all that much to talk about where career and things like that were concerned. And you kind of feel little bit like an outcast for a while in social situations sometimes. <SEP> Which is too bad because obviously I don't get paid for my job. But I should get paid at least double what my husband makes working in an office for staying home. That's what I figure. I'm worth a lot just for what I do every day. But I don't know. This is kind of a. At least here I've noticed. I'm not from here. I'm from Colorado. But I've really noticed that there are a lot more people that are more comfortable at least with some women being home at least in the circles I've travelled and in the church that I go to. That. Men don't treat you like you don't know anything generally speaking. <SEP> And I think a lot of companies are realizing this and offering more opportunities as far as job sharing or even having a day care on site and that kind of stuff. And I think that's really important that they do that. <SEP> And they realize there's a need for that. And I don't know. I found when I did do some work when my son was young it was contract work. And it wasn't where I had to be there every day. But we were going to the doctor once a week. So I don't know how you could have a full time job and ever have any vacation time to do anything besides go to the doctor. I can see where that would definitely hinder the problem.
sw3269.txt:Real excited when I heard this. So far I've been trying to call all day because I keep getting these subjects like capital punishment. So football I love this. This is great. We're from Colorado. So we're Bronco fans. And we just moved here two years ago. And they went to the Superbowl when we first moved here. And they lost again. That was pretty pitiful. But they seem to be doing pretty good this year. <SEP> I was from Illinois originally. And I grew up a Bear fan. And then we moved here. Even when we knew we were being transferred here we became Cowboy fans. And we had some wonderful wonderful years there under Roger Staubach. <SEP> And we kind of got spoiled. We expected it to continue forever. I think they're doing pretty well this year though. Have they just lost one game this year? <SEP> I think two. Two. I know they lost to Washington and Philadelphia. But they're not doing bad. People are pretty surprised that they beat the Giants. <SEP> And wasn't that fun. I went to the balloon festival in Plano and carried my little portable radio with me. And I must say I attracted a lot of attention. I bet. <SEP> People running up saying what's the score what's the score? I bet all the men that got direct down there were just right on it. That's right. And that's exactly what they said my wife dragged me away from the television. <SEP> But I wasn't. I had forgotten. Or I probably wouldn't have been there. I'm a big football fan. I never wou-. My father was a football fan my whole life. And he used to have the football pool at the office and all this stuff. And I just hated it. And I think I was just mad because he spent so much time watching football on Sundays. So when I met my husband he was watching football. And I figured out that I couldn't see him all weekend. I couldn't see him until Tuesday because MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL if I didn't like football. <SEP> So. That's exactly where both of the wives came from I think. <SEP> It was. It's easier to join them than fight them. And if you want to see them you might just as well enjoy football. <SEP> And I used to tease my husband sometimes and say did you bet the house or something this week to get so excited about these games. I do. I love it. I just think it's such a fun sport. And I'm just hoping that the Broncos can get back on their feet. We're not convinced that we're going to be Cowboy fans yet. But. <SEP> It takes a little brainwashing first. I guess we'll first have to get to used to the idea that we're staying here. That's even harder. But. <SEP> Are you transit usually? Do you stay not in one place too long? We're just. This is only the second place we've lived. We've only been married for five and a half years. And we have two small children. And he just got transferred here to E-Systems. So. It will take you a little while. But you'll probably always have a soft spot in your heart though for Denver. <SEP> I tell you this. The weather here and there's no mountains or anything. And when you go to a football game in Colorado there's snow. And it's an adventure. And here you've just got to drive down to the stadium. I know. And. <SEP> If they close it in we'll have the best of both worlds then as they're talking about doing. But Dan Reeves is a pretty neat guy anyway. He's from here. <SEP> That's right. So. He was one of our boys. That's what I hear. <SEP> So we never cheer against Denver unless they're playing the Cowboys. Which is rare. Which is good. But I. It's funny. In Colorado when the Broncos went to the Superbowl three times in the last five or six years. They have these songs on the radio. They take popular songs and change them to fit the Broncos and stuff. <SEP> And they had. I was just thinking about one the other day. If I saw a picture of John Elway in the cafeteria at school. But they did the Johnny Angel. They did Johnny Elway to that. Johnny Elway. And I was trying to get my son to sing that. My husband was just having a fit don't have him sing that song. But they do a lot of fun things. I think football is kind of a sport that I think it's hard not to like it. Because there's just. <SEP> There is so much about it to like. It's exciting. It's so exciting. <SEP> And when the Cowboys won the Superbowl here of course they put together some real cute songs. And we all ran out and bought the records. And now we feel like they're kind of a collector's item. They probabl-. I wish I would have bought the tape when I was in Colorado. Because I think about that a lot. But when I first moved here they did this. This interstate seventy-five song. Or whatever it was about Central Expressway and getting it done in nineteen ninety-five and everything. That was kind of a funny song. But they sure do. It seems to me like they really love their Cowboys here. Even when they were losing pitifully people still support them. We drive by some houses everyday that have big signs. We love the Cowbo-.
sw2035.txt:Diana. Have you all been able to do much as a family these days? <SEP> Pardon me. Have you all been able to do much as a full family these days all of you. We've gone all kinds of places. We go out to dinner. <SEP> We take the kids to the park. And whenever my husband has time off or something we take them to the zoo. Or we do everything we can possibly as a family. Do you work outside the home? I don't. I don't either. It makes it a little bit easier that way. <SEP> It does. An then my husband enjoys spending time with the kids. He'll take them out just to be with them. So they can have time with him. So you have a break too. <SEP> And we try to teach our kids as much as we can at home we try to spend Monday nights and have little lessons with them and just see how things are going in our family and teach them about their grandparents or something like that. Bring out pictures of them so they get to know them. And we just do all kinds of fun things like that. An. We have family that's far away. It sounds like you might too. <SEP> We do. So the only way they know their grandparents is by pictures. And. And phone calls that's about it. <SEP> And we go to the park. Or we go in the backyard and sit down. An. That's what we mostly do pretty simple things. Especially since my youngest one is only fourteen months. <SEP> She's really getting to the age where she's playing and likes to go places. <SEP> And with me being at home and just having the one income you don't have this lot of extra money to do a lot of extra things. That's right. So you make more fun than. The kids just think it's wonderful just maybe to go get an ice cream cone or or go get a bag of M and M's or something like that. That's a big thrill for them. <SEP> They think that's a lot of fun. So we try to spend as much time as we can. We. Our whole weekends are devoted to our children except for we might go out one evening or something. But during the day it's all devoted to our kids. And they go to church with us. And so. That's true. <SEP> So. Have you ever been to the Science Place? That's what. We haven't lived here too long. And we went there a couple of weeks ago. And. <SEP> The kids thought that was wonderful. We. I guess there's Science Place One and Science Place Two. We've only been in Science Place Two. I'm not sure which one we went into. It was about a year or so ago when we went. The one we went in had. The thing that sticks out most in my mind is a kid's place area. <SEP> They really seemed to go wild in there. They had a lot of fun in there. And there's some petting. I think it's Owens Country Farms has a free petting a farm that you can go to. And the kids can pet animals and stuff. Where's that. <SEP> That's on Plano Road. It's in Richardson you go up Plano Road. It's a little bit past Campbell and Plano Road. And that's a lot of fun. <SEP> They have tours going through there. And the kids think that was a lot of fun too. That does sound like fun. It's a little bit of a ways. Whenever we take them to Showbiz. Or they think it's wonderful just to go to McDonald's. They don't go for the food. They go to play around. And There's another place in Mesquite called Monkey Business. That's right. <SEP> And it's a indoor fun park. And it has a bunch of different rides for kids. That's sounds fun too. <SEP> And parents get in free. And during the week. It's five dollars admission per child all day. And you said about Plano and Campbell is the petting. The petting farm. That sounds fun. I think maybe we'll try to do that. <SEP> And the one in Mesquite is Scyene exit. And it's. The kids just had a wonderful time there. You just pay that admission. And then all the rides are free. Of course they have all the little video games and those little quarter rides to and stuff like that. But they thought that was lot of fun. <SEP> You can have birthday parties there. An I think that was better than Showbiz Pizza cause there's more for them to do. Because they can just do. You don't have to have tokens for everything. <SEP> So they had a lot of fun. That does sound like fun. I've gotten some good ideas from you. We try to do a lot of things as a family and inexpensively as possible. So. I think I don't know if we've done five minutes. But I'm sure that will be good. <SEP> That will be good. It was good talking to you. It was good talking to you. I really appreciate your suggestions. <SEP> No problem. Take care.
sw3254.txt:. Where do you enjoy dining out? I generally go to the quickie places just because they're cheap. Do you have children? <SEP> We have four. But most of them are gone now. So there might be. But we were taking four five and six people out. That makes a difference doesn't it. <SEP> What area of the country do you live in? I'm in Texas. I am too. But. <SEP> And we lived in Ohio prior to this. I did too. I'm from the Dayton area. <SEP> We were up near Cleveland. But I look for service even at the quickie places type things. <SEP> I don't like to go to the drive-thrus because sometimes they get your order wrong. That's right. And then you're stuck. And it's a pain to have to stand there and see what it is before you leave. <SEP> So I really don't like the drive-thrus that much. I like to go and eat there. But I would say service atmosphere and whether the food is good. And on going out I like steaks. So we try to hit those places when we can. When we travel we look for Wendy's because we have kids. And my husband and I like getting the salads or the lighter meals. And then that way they can get their burgers and fries. And we can have a salad bar. <SEP> So sometimes we drive for a couple hundred miles until we find a Wendy's because it's all either McDonald's or Dairy Queens. <SEP> And in the countries unless it's a large city I guess Dairy Queen and Wal-Mart are their main. That's right. That's what you find. I know. <SEP> My husband likes Dairy Queens. He likes their milk shakes and their chili cheese dogs I guess. So he's a fan of Dairy Queen. And we'll go even in town here at times just as a change although I'm not that excited about it. <SEP> But we eat out so much it's gotten so I don't like to really eat any place. But yet I hate to cook food at home. So that might be why I look for inexpensive places just because we're eating out probably five nights a week maybe. <SEP> Or we eat junk food at home. <SEP> My husba-. What are some of your favorite inexpensive places? We'll go to them all. We sort of take turns. And we. I sort of favor the ones. If I have a coupon we can go there. And if not we can't because it's cheaper. <SEP> So mine is strongly monetarily based. We'll go get pizza at Little Caesar's although the kids prefer Domino's. We are Little Caesar fans here. That's where we always go. <SEP> But it's just a lot cheaper than Domino's. So that's. We go to Grandy's quite a bit I would say. We like Grandy's too. McDonald's we've sort of been off of that for a while. And no particular reason. And I. Maybe we avoided Wendy's the last few years because our daughter worked there. And she never wanted us to show up there. <SEP> So we don't go there that much. Where do you go if you like to have a nice meal out or a big meal? A nice meal. Where do you go for steaks? <SEP> It's usually when we're out of town. And I'll order steak or steak and lobster combined. <SEP> So it's really not in town. You ever been to Houston's on Belt Line? That's where we go to get steaks. <SEP> They have a teriyaki steak there. And when we have something to celebrate we head to Houston's. They don't take reservations. And you wind up waiting about an hour. But the food is good. And they've got a nice patio area that you can wait and get something to drink unless you get there at five o'clock. Then you can go right through. <SEP> But they have real good signature salads there and nice steaks. So that's our nice place to go. We don't usually take the kids when we go there. But we don't go out that much. I guess we do go out without kids. We're usually picking things up quickly. Though we just don't dwell on food too much. <SEP> And with my husband traveling he can get all he needs of that during the week going to those places. That's right. <SEP> So it doesn't really matter to him. He'd probably just like to stay home. That's the way with my husband. He's gone during the week and likes to eat at home on the weekends. And I've been eating at home all week long with the kids and would like to go out somewhere. So we have a conflict of interests on the weekend. <SEP> I think I never have liked to cook food. But I think it all began eating out when we had the boys on baseball tea-. It was mainly baseball teams. <SEP> And my husband would coach. So we were never home at the same time. I'm not one that's going to fix the meal at two o'clock in the afternoon so they can eat it all day whenever they're there. <SEP> If they're not there in between five and six then I guess we don't eat today. Or you fend for yourself. You go somewhere else. So that really snowballed when we got down here when I started to sub make money I went I'll just sub to.
sw2120.txt:Back by that. The. There are so many ramifications to this entire thing of how women have changed. <SEP> Look at them. In England Margaret Thatcher was prime minister Indira Ghandi in India. So many women are heads of state. And we keep saying we feel some day a woman will be president. But I have some question whether or not they will ever really get around to that. I think we'll have a black president before we have a women president. <SEP> And I don't know whether that's bad or good. It's just a point that I have observed that we. I. I truly believe that before that we have to address the racial issues in the United States before we can go anywhere. <SEP> Because it's. A friend of mine traveled to Balise and into Honduras. <SEP> I think we're supposed to hang up. It wasn't the matter of wealth. It was the matter that they were not wealthy that made them equal. I'll talk to you later. <SEP> Thank you.
sw3334.txt:What do you know about Latin American policies? I think they're kind of ambivalent really. I just have a feeling that we've kind of talked out of both sides of mouths down there like we do in some other situations. <SEP> Are you relating this to the affair we've got going on in Haiti right now? Half the time we don't know who to support. <SEP> That and maybe it's tough for a big powerful nation to deal with countries like that that depend on us so much without running their country for them. But. That's just it. <SEP> It's got to be tough. But you still have to let them know how you feel. I guess my concern no matter which side we take we're going to have supporters and we're going to have antisupporters I guess for lack of better term. And like you said they're such small countries that we're bound to upset somebody. But we seem to be lacking the ability to take a stance. It worries me that the economy of so many countries in South America and Central America depend on something that damages people like cocaine from Columbia. <SEP> And of course I'm sure we have some enemies down there who wouldn't care what happened to us. But that's a tough deal. That's true. <SEP> And it. I don't think that. Maybe it's I'm reflecting how I feel about it. But I have a feeling that we really don't understand basically the competing factions in lot of those countries. And they've been hammering for the last ten centuries. And it's still going on. And we dabble in it just enough to make both sides angry at us some how some times. <SEP> That's about the lump sum of it. I was speaking with a woman. From the Honduras or Guatemala or somewhere in there. She was from El Salvador. And she was from a relatively wealthy family. And when the Contras came into power of course with. What's his face. He's in Florida jail now. Marcos. <SEP> Marcos is Philippines. I'm blank on it. You know who I'm talking about. <SEP> I can see his face forget his name. I know it. When he came into power he basically just took everybody's property just assigned it to himself. Kind of nationalized it for himself. <SEP> So she's been a real strong supporter of the Sandinistas and has been trying to back the U S government in that respect. And in that respect I have to agree that I think we're taking the right stance because they were a democracy turned. <SEP> Dictator. Basically a dictator fascist. <SEP> And it seems like those countries are so easily susceptible to that kind of thing. It just unstable. What do you think of this U S free trade agreement we're working on with Mexico? <SEP> I think it's long overdue. I just. There's so much difference in the economies of the two countries I have a problem with whether it's going to work or not. It seems like there's. And I. This may be unfair to Mexico. But it seems like there's a lack of honesty in foreign policy a lot of the times. Mexico. The Mexican government is trying. And a lot of the larger Mexican businesses are trying to make themselves Americanized which is great because that's what they basically need to do. <SEP> The big problem with the United States is we have our basic nine to five schedule. And we don't have the Siesta. <SEP> And the cultural differences it's what's really hurting the Mexican people because they've had their way of life. And we've had our way of life. And. I think their version of the good old boy network going that. Has a lot.
sw3497.txt:How is the weather out there? It's really cold. And supposedly for this time of the year it's unseasonably cold. And they've gotten more snow than they've ever had. <SEP> You have breaking records for coldness and all that kind of stuff. How about you guys? It's about same. The usual I think. Nice for skiing and all that kind of stuff. It's good. <SEP> The weather let's see the snow here is different from Utah's. Because I have lived in Utah for like ten years. What part? And. Provo. I was going to B Y U. <SEP> And the snow is really cold. It's really humid. So it seems wetter or something like that. It's. It's more humid in Utah than there? Or there? <SEP> It's more humid in Iowa than Utah. <SEP>. And it seems like when the winds blow it goes right through you. It's really different from Utah's weather. I thought Utah was cold. But I think Iowa is a lot colder. That's how it is in Texas too. Because when it's cold it's really cold. So. <SEP> I don't think there is any mountains to stop the wind. What's that? I don't think there is any mountains to stop the wind. So the humidity is what does it. <SEP> I think that's true. Because I noticed when I got here too. Because I'd. When it would snow in Texas we'd be really cold. And we'd have to get really warm. And here you can almost not even wear a coat outside when it's snowing. And you don't feel super cold. <SEP> That's true. It was weird. So how long ago did you graduate? Or did you. Or. <SEP> I graduated in nineteen eighty-seven. My husband got his doctorate at B Y U. So that's. And so he just graduated this past year. So you just barely moved away? <SEP> We really miss Utah. Do you like it out there? We miss the mountains. You do? <SEP> Because it's really flat here. Not flat but hilly. But no big mountains or anything. So you just moved away a year ago? <SEP> In August. Really recent. But what else can I say about the weather. Today was warmer. It was forty-five. Warm. <SEP> So what's the temperature today over there? It's probably fifty fifty-five maybe. Maybe not that warm. Probably about. It's not that cold really. <SEP> And whenever I remembered the weather reports in Utah I never really remember them talking too much about wind chill. But they talk about wind chill here all the time. That's a big deal in Texas too. <SEP> They said it could be like six degrees out and negative forty-one wind chill. So that's what we're not used to. That's true. That makes a big difference. <SEP> So I. So did you used to ski when you were out here? What's that? Did you used to ski when you were in Utah? <SEP> I've only skied in Utah once. I only skied once my whole life. <SEP> But do you do a lot of skiing there? Not tons. But I like to when I get a chance. I've only been once so far but had the opportunity a couple times since then. Just saving my money for Christmas things and that. <SEP> So is this your first year in Utah? This is actually my third year. <SEP> And you're going to school there? <SEP> At U of U. Or. At B Y U. <SEP> But I'll be here a long time at this rate. What's your major? It was nursing. But I'm in the process of changing it right now. <SEP> Because it's really really competitive at B Y U. You have to have a three seven to get in. So It's really. <SEP> That's true. I'm going to look into some other fields. I'd like. All the science classes and that I'm just not really enjoying too much. So I think I better get into something that I can enjoy the process of going to school. So. <SEP> That's a good idea. Did you graduate in a certain field. Or. Education. I got a double major. In. <SEP> Elementary and special ed. That what my sister did. <SEP> You might know her. Here name is Lori Bird. Maybe not. I think she graduated around then too though eighty-seven probably. But she got her doc-. I can't. There are so many girls in all my classes. I can't remember how many people. <SEP> Because they since stopped that program. Where you can get it double pretty easily. Have they? <SEP> It's really.
sw2945.txt:Where are you from Tina? I'm from Maryland. And I have one son who's almost sixteen months old. Are you married or. <SEP> You are. I have two children. I have a seven year old and a three year old. So I try to spend as much time as possible with them. <SEP> That's good. What kind of things do you do? We do a lot of things with them. Taylor my youngest is. Or my oldest is in school. And so she has a lot of school programs and things like that. Was it a big change in your life to have a child. <SEP> It's really nice. My husband is working most of the time. He's working long hours. But I'm staying home. <SEP> I'm just working a couple days a month. And. What do you do during those days? <SEP> We spend a lot of time at the playground. And we go to the zoo. And we go. And we wa-. You said you worked a couple days a month though. What do you do? <SEP> I'm a nurse. Are you? It's real easy to work out my schedule to still stay in with that and to have enough time to spend with Matthew. <SEP>. <SEP> He's just now really starting to get interested in a lot of things. I understand that. They really grow up quick. Especially at that early age. But my wife was. She worked part-time when my oldest was little. And now she's staying home all the time. But that worked out really well because it's a big transition to have children. <SEP> To go from nothing. If you want to do something every night that's fine. But when you have children it doesn't work that way anymore. That's right. And I think a lot of people are realizing that. But still there are so many people that have their careers first. And I think it's really hurting the kids. <SEP> But. I agree with you. I think that my wife leaned that way. And I'm really glad she did. And I'm glad she's staying home. But I know there are some days when she wishes she was back at work. I know. <SEP> That's why I like to work a couple days. I think it gives me a break. That's why I'm glad my wife did too. 'cause she worked either two to three days a week. And that got her out of the house. And yet she'd get to spend three or four days with. <SEP> Most of the time at home. And. We had started out like that. And I think that was really ideal. I do to. I agree. But then when you start having two of them it's a little bit tougher because you've got to make a little more money to make that payoff and stuff. <SEP> It's. It's difficult. But. Are you from the Maryland area? <SEP> I've lived here forever. I live in Germantown. And. Where are you from? I'm in Dallas Texas. <SEP> In Dallas. I've lived here eight years or so. My wife's from Fort Worth. But. I work for Texas Instruments. <SEP> So that explains. That explains it doesn't it. I don't know. We do a lot of things on the weekends together the family. <SEP> But as far as during the week it's usually just my son and I. And we're. What's your husband do? He works for Coca Cola. <SEP> He manages a plant out here. And it takes a lot of time. I'm sure it does. <SEP> But it. We take walks and go to the library and try to fill our day with things like that. <SEP> But. What. My wife did some teaching at a private tutoring place. A Sylvan Learning Center this year. And so that got me to be able to spend more time with the kids at night and stuff'cause normally if they need something they just go to mom. No matter what it is. <SEP>. I'm perfectly capable of doing it for them. But it's so much easier to go to mom. <SEP> I guess they get used to it. But we'd go to the library and do things like that. But. <SEP> That's good. That's good. I know my husband was real. In the beginning when he was transferred to a larger plant. And he works about an hour and a half away from our home. So it takes him a little bit of time. <SEP> And I'm not able to work during the week because of that. I was working in the evening. And he was coming home. And I could go to work. But their relationship when I was able to work in the evenings really grew. <SEP> He. Just the time that they were spending together. <SEP> I think it really helped to have that time together. It really does. Because I think you grow closer. Was your husband naturally a child. Had he been around children. Or. He has seven other brothers and sisters. <SEP> And we have thirteen grand. His parents have thirteen grandchildren. So there's a lot of kids in the family. And he really enjoys it. <SEP> But right now it's kind of a difficult time. But. And the cost of living here is just so tremendously outrageous. <SEP> It's difficult to do it any other way. I understand. I. It's hard because. Then you're not getting to spend as much time at home. Your husband is not getting to spend as much time at home as he'd want to. <SEP> That's right. That's a tough situation. But then again some. You got to do what you got to do to get along too. <SEP> At least I just consider myself blessed that I can stay home. It. Like I said my wife normally feels that way. There are days when I come home and she says take these kids. I'm getting out. I know. So she's had about enough during those days. But for the most part I've really feel like that's led. <SEP> I know. The way that we- jus-. Like what you said with the cost of living and everything I think a lot of people can't afford to get by on just one salary and won't. <SEP> And so I think that's tended to lead to a decline in families and family values especially. It has. And I really think that that's one of the problems the nation's facing that we need to do something about. But I don't know what. <SEP> I believe that too. And I think the kids are where they need to. They need to really focus on the children in this country. Would you have said that a couple of years ago? <SEP> I didn't even really think about it that much. I was vaguely aware of it. But it wasn't really that important to me. And. It's amazing how your whole focus on life changes after you've had a child. <SEP> It really does. I. Just the whole. Seeing how you really are forming the mind. In the next year or so you'll see so many instances where he'll mimic something that you've done. And everything I'm doing he's learning from. <SEP> That's right. And you think if I wasn't here he'd be learning that from a baby-sitter or from a day care. That's how they're developing their patterns. And I think a lot of people either don't care or don't realize it. That's. <SEP> Or they just put it in the back of their mind and let it slide. I've seen a lot of people just say he'll learn everything when he gets into. Eventually. <SEP> It's true. But it. I know. Even just this first year that I've been with my son here he's. I can just see how much of a difference it makes staying home with him instead of. <SEP> Plus I think it becomes part of you too. You get to stay home. It's not just for him. But it's also for you because you're both kind of bonding together there too I think. <SEP> That's true. It's been nice talking to you. It's nice talking to you too. Good luck. <SEP>.
sw3150.txt:How do you feel about capital punishment? It's. I am pretty much against it. <SEP> How about you? I'm pretty much for it. We can have a debate. We'll have some interesting discussion I guess. <SEP> I don't know. I think that I. One of the reasons that I'm against it is that I'm afraid of someone losing their life wrongly. Wrongfully. <SEP> And another reason. One of the arguments that I really actually have been kind of ambivalent about it but one of the arguments that really made me feel kind of strongly against it is that someone said to me once imagine if the person you love most in the world like your mother or something if someone killed her wouldn't you want to see them killed for the punishment? But then I thought about it. And I thought the loss that I would feel at losing my mother someone else would feel that about that person no matter how rotten they were somebody loves them. It would never be equal. <SEP>. <SEP> How about you? I guess I can see it from several different perspectives. But when I hear about things like what they've been reporting about in Milwaukee to me I don't see any way of rehabilitating the guy. Maybe there is I don't know. That's true. And he's never going to be to me a functioning part of society. He's already been either paroled or whatever for child molestation. <SEP> I don't know. I really have a hard time with that because he really sounds like a real sicko. And for the things he's done. I don't know. I guess it's either put him in jail for the rest of his life or capital punishment. That's true because a lot of these conversations I've had on this program these telephone conversations have revolved around criminal justice. And-. <SEP> <SEP>. Or whatever. And most of the time I hear myself saying we don't have enough room left in the jails. And people crime is still climbing. <SEP> And we need to have different punishments. But I just am scared of capital punishment I guess. I can underst-. <SEP> You know there is always that chance. But I guess to some people it'd almost be better to die to them than to spend life in prison or whatever I don't know. But that would be a situation where if somebody you know was gon na be. You really throw a lot on the courts hopefully that they won't do that for any situation really. But when you find somebody just like that situation it was disgusting when I read about it today. And when you find someone like that that you know is guilty I guess I have a hard time feeling merciful toward him. And. <SEP> Especially when it's so far removed. If it's no one that I know then you have to think about the taxpayers paying the shelter and feed and clothe them for the rest of their life. <SEP>. <SEP> And trying to rehabilitate him too. And. Letting him out again. And nobody wants that. <SEP> Everybody would be just as scared to death. We've had a real problem here in Texas with prison overcrowding. And they've been releasing people left and right. And they've committed murders and rapes and everything else. And you just think where's the justice here. They're not even having to serve out what they should be serving. <SEP> That's true. I just recently moved to Massachusetts. I'm not sure what their policy is on capital punishment. And that was one of the questions. But I do know that they are notorious for paroling people. When. And then having them reconvicted for violent crimes. <SEP> And I guess they said do you think it should be restricted? I guess if. Because a lot of states do still practice capital punishment. <SEP> I guess violent crimes would be the crimes where I can see it making the most sense. Violent crimes with just malicious intent. That's exactly I'm not saying I think capital punishment is the perfect solution in every case especially because there are some cases when you just don't know. And I think there's a shadow of a doubt like with this guy in Milwaukee. It. He pretty much confessed to it. They. Just everything cannibalism and everything else. <SEP> I really would have a hard time especially if I was on a jury not wanting him to be executed. Hang? Because that's just awful. <SEP> And what is he going to do prison to the other people? I have a hunch that the other prisoners aren't going to be too happy with him anyway. Either. They. I don't know. From what I hear about jail life is not any way to live. But I don't know. It's just. <SEP> I saw on a human interest story or whatever today there was a woman who was just being paroled and trying to make it back. She was off drugs and everything. But she said in prison you can get anything. You can any drugs you want. There's. It's just like being outside. People find ways around. <SEP> And there's a power structure that you have bow to. And for some people who have been there for over and over and over it really isn't as bad. There's. It's not that bad of a life as it should be for the punishment aspect. <SEP> But the society is turned against punishment and more towards rehabilitation. And maybe that's one of the reasons why crime has gone up because it's not so scary anymore. That. Especially like repeat offenders. It just appalls me that they even get a ten year sentence and be out in two or three or four years. That's scary because I think we're paroling them without even knowing if they're going to be committing any more violent acts or not. <SEP> And what they're going to be doing when they get out. And it's really scary. I me-. I don't know what the perfect solution to that is. But I know that especially with violent crimes where you're nearly a hundred percent convinced that they're guilty and without much repentance or anything else then I guess I just really don't see much use for this guy in Milwaukee. For instance that's just. I could see capital punishment in a case like that. And for other people too that do things like that. But when. My wife and I are both participating in this survey. And she picked up the phone. And when she heard the topic she said capital punishment. So she was. <SEP> Handed it to you? Luckily it was for me. Because they coordinate the times so it can only be one or the other. <SEP> I see. So she tried to enter her number. And it wouldn't work. So she said it's for you. But I don't know. I struggle with it. But I really think that in terms of like this I think that it might not be such a bad thing. Because I don't know that anybody would feel good if you let someone like that loose in your community. I'm su-. You'd have to be scared to death. <SEP> Maybe. If they had more money or more resources to work more on rehabilitation. Deep down I think every human.
sw2349.txt:. I understand that it's being proposed as a requirement for young people to go into public service. <SEP> I think. All young Americans they did not specify exactly what young means. I think that it probably would be a good program. I think probably two years is too long. <SEP> I think maybe a year would be the longest. <SEP> You're probably right. Two years might be a little too long. And there will be a lot of rebellion in that. And when you get people who have no desire to be there in the first place I don't think that they're going to be serving anybody. That's right. That would be the problem. Sure would. <SEP> So I think it would be a good thing though to encourage other people who aren't even aware that they can do such a thing. To get out there and do so. <SEP> Or maybe offer them some sort of an incentive to do it. College credit something. <SEP> I'm not sure what. But. College credit is a good idea because. <SEP> I'm not sure they need to be paid. A super do salary of any kind. But that kind of takes away from public service. That's right. They probably couldn't do anything monetary. But I think giving some kind of college credit. <SEP> But just to receive a letter in the mail that says you need to report somewhere by next Monday. I'm not sure that would be a terrifically good idea. I don't think so either because a lot of people depending on how the public service programs are set up. And I'm not that familiar with them to know. <SEP> I'm not either really. But if a lot of people flat can't afford to. That's right. You know. <SEP> That's right. And most kids these days have gotten themselves into financial situations where they have to be working all the time. <SEP> That's right. They need young families whatever. So it's a really tough question. That's right. <SEP> They just couldn't take off to do that. And if you put them in public service right out of high school then that postpones their college for a year. <SEP> That's right. And that would upset a lot of people too because they just want to get on. It sure would. <SEP> It would have to be a lot of thought given to something like that I would think. I think it would be good for a lot of people to get involved in that kind of program. But I think it can't be something that's mandatory. <SEP>. It has to be something that's voluntary. Which is pretty much the way it is now. They might. That's right. I'm not even really sure at this point in time what programs are out there. And that's the other thing is that instead of making it mandatory they maybe need to publicize it a little bit better. And go to the schools and do programs and tell them that we need your help and volunteer for such and such a time. <SEP>. <SEP>. And you've a choice of where you want to go. <SEP> And handling it that way they could probably get some results out of it. Maybe if there was something they could do in their own town or city and not have to pull up roots and go somewhere half way around the world or something. In their own community. <SEP> That's true. Most of them probably wouldn't do something like that. Although there are a lot of kids who would do it just to get away from their parents. That's right. <SEP> That's true too. That's true too. But they would have to be supported in some way. And I'm not sure that those programs are available to do that. Me neither. And you wonder what kind of quality job would they do Just sit around for their year. <SEP> Or would they really make a contribution of some kind. It's tough. It's tough. It is tough. It's. And I don't know who's even proposing it or how they plan on implementing it if they do. <SEP>. <SEP> I'm not sure either. But I think there would have to be a lot more information disseminated before you say let's do this. I think going to the schools would be the easiest for them. <SEP> It be. It would take up more time than anything. But it wouldn't take up a lot of money. They wouldn't have to spend money advertising and things like that. <SEP> That's right. You go to school. And you have a kind of a captive audience. Get them all in the auditorium. And you give them your speech and maybe a little slide show or something. <SEP> And I think that they could get some results from that because there are a lot of people who are volunteer and community minded. But they don't know where to go to do anything. <SEP> That's right. That's a real waste too. It really is. It is. It really is. <SEP> I don't really see the emphasis on things like Peace Corps like we saw back in the Carter administration. That was a big thing with him. <SEP> And as a matter of fact I guess Kennedy may be the one that actually started the thing or was really interested in things like that. I just don't hear much about it anymore. Like I say I don't even know what programs are even ongoing now. I don't either. That's one. <SEP> Anyway it's a tough question. It is a tough question. Thanks for your time. I enjoyed talking to you. Same here. <SEP> Take care. You too.
sw3144.txt:You ready? What have you seen lately? <SEP> It's funny when I tried to make the call the other days. I thought. <SEP> I hadn't seen anything since DANCES WITH WOLVES. But today I went to see REGARDING WITH HENRY. I'm dying to see that. It was really good. We. <SEP> Jeff Wariner just got out of the hospital. And Jeff and Deeanna went and another friend in the neighborhood. And we all liked it. We had both moms and fifteen year olds and a twelve year old. And everyone enjoyed it. <SEP> And. I am just dying to see it. I went to dinner with some friends last weekend. And they said get a baby-sitter. And we'll all go see REGARDING HENRY. And I said I want to see it so bad. <SEP> My son had gotten to see a lot of movies this summer on choir tour and visiting friends and one thing and another. A lot of the ones I had wanted to see. And so since he had this friend up from Houston and his friend had already seen so many and I thought they decided on this I thought I want to see this one too. I. <SEP> Finally it's my first summer movie. Let me see. Was it. We went to see ONE HUNDRED AND ONE DALMATIANS last weekend. And that may be. Right before I went in the hospital my girlfriend said come on. We're going to the movies. And we won't. She goes all the time. But I go maybe once every couple of months. And when I go I go see two at a time. So we went to see SOAPDISH. And. <SEP> Was that good? Cause. Hysterical. We laughed so hard. It was just you couldn't hear half the dialogue because everyone in the audience was laughing so hard. <SEP> I want to see that and CITY SLICKERS both. I love comedies. <SEP> But that's what I was. That's the other one that we went to that night. Was it? And my face hurt so bad from laughing because I love Billy Crystal. <SEP> And course growing up on the back of a horse and being on ranches and stuff so much of that was so true. And I was absolutely rolling in the aisles. It was so funny. Both of them were great. <SEP> Good. I'm glad to hear that because they. They are. We just laughed so hard. And like I said with SOAPDISH it is so cornball. And it is so overacted that you're just hysterical. They just carried it off to the tee. <SEP> I don't know if you got to see WEEKEND AT BERNIE'S that was out a couple of years ago. <SEP> They had a free showing at the Berkeley United Artist. How neat. And I don't know who was here or whether Jay called a friend. And we didn't think we'd have much chance of getting in. But we thought we'd try it free movie. <SEP> It was so funny and it sounds like what you were just describing SOAPDISH too. We hurt by the time we came out. And the whole theater was hysterical. And it's just goofy. It's. If you have a chance to rent it at least. Or it should be out on T V I would think. I think it is. I think it is. <SEP> Cause it's just a fun summer light comedy. Make your cheeks hurt laughing. Especially in the theater it was contagious. I imagine the way SOAPDISH was but with everyone laughing. <SEP> I never laughed. And people were just screaming and applauding. And it was just hysterical. I'm glad you did that before your surgery. Me too because I don't even know if I could live through it now. <SEP> I'm getting around real good. And I'm just still real sore. And today course I went back to work two weeks after. <SEP> But I don't have permanent work. Right now I'm working with a temporary agency. And so the second week I was out of the hospital I went up and worked half day on the computers cause you can learn all the software for free. So I went up to do WordPerfect cause that seems like that's what everybody wants. And I was up there half a day and came home and collapsed. <SEP> And then they called me to see if I wanted to work a day. And I said yeah. And I went. And of course it took me the whole weekend to recover from that. And I worked about three days a week ever since two to three days a week. And so I went to my doctors last Thursday. And this was my fourth week checkup. And he said you're just healing really well. I just can't get over this. He says in two weeks you can go back to doing your crazy normal things. If you want to play ball you can go play ball. He says I'm not going to say you're going to feel like playing ball. But you can if you want to. <SEP> And he was teasing me. And he says. You'll be out there waterskiing. I can just see it now. And he says so you just take it easy for two more weeks. You've only got two more weeks. I said I will I will. Whatever you call easy I'll do it. And I've been out trying to find a job because this is just not cutting it. <SEP>. And so I'm real glad that we didn't go see those funny ones when I'm still sort of on the sore side. But. What's your next. Have you seen ROBIN HOOD yet? <SEP> That was one Jay got to see with a friend. And so I. And to try and find time it's hard with Jim's schedule too just to get a time that we can both go. <SEP> And I'm holding out for CITY SLICKERS for the two of us because we had friends that went to see that and said it's just perfect for our age group. Because I think he needs a comedy too. And that's what he would have liked to have seen REGARDING HENRY too. But knew that. We've got a lot of company this summer which is wonderful. We're really enjoying it. But some of the different things we're doing there's just not enough time to do it all. <SEP> And realistically he knew he couldn't get them all in. But Jay really liked ROBIN HOOD. When the choir group went to see BACKDRAFT they thought that was it was funny cause he sounded like the critics. He said the plot line and the characters aren't real big. But the fire scenes and that action part is fantastic. <SEP> But he thought ROBIN HOOD was great. It was real different then you'd expect. But he enjoyed it. And so. I went. Course I am a Kevin Costner fan. <SEP> Me too. And. Supreme. I really like him a lot. Which is why DANCES WITH WOLVES was the last movie we had seen for several months. <SEP> But. Was that wonderful. It was. I. In fact a friend from Germany was visiting in March. And we wanted to take him to see it. We were going to sit through it again cause we really wanted him to see it too. <SEP> I just thought that was terrific. And I really enjoy Harrison Ford which is one of the reasons I wanted to see. I do too. I think he's really good. And he's very good in REGARDING HENRY. That's not an easy part to play I don't think. I wouldn't think. My kids are going to their Dad's tomorrow night. So I sort of think I may go do that. <SEP> That one won't your sides. It. Was this the first time you got to see ONE HUNDRED AND ONE DALMATIANS? Or. I hav-. My parents took me when I was probably somewhere between Ashley and Jamie's age. <SEP> And we went to the.
sw2305.txt:. The first thing. What do you think you would offer as far as information about selecting a school? First I think they've got to have a pretty good idea of what they want to do. <SEP> Once they have that then they can start looking in all the various publications that give out all the information about schools and write to the schools themselves and start finding out about the different requirements for the programs and what kind of job assistance and all that other kind of stuff they offer. Do you feel that the. Depending upon the field I know there are some fields which a person should go to that school all four years. But I know there are some fields where it's really not necessary. A lot fields are. Most of your liberal arts degrees and stuff aren't really concerned with your first two years anyway. It's your core education your general education requirements. <SEP> If they want to get a liberal arts degree I don't know what advice I'd give them. Go to the school you'd like to go to. That's what I did. <SEP> I didn't care about the program or anything else. I went where I wanted to go. What was your degree in? Political science. Political science. I know I'm going to school right now. And I have a friend. <SEP> Where are you at? U T D. University of Texas Dallas. I guess everybody's in Dallas that I talk to. I'm in North Carolina. I know. <SEP> That's where Texas Instruments is. Something that I think that I've noticed that. I have a friend. I think if you're going into law or medicine a very particular very specific field even engineering you can meet a lot of the requirements at a public institution. <SEP> And it's a lot cheaper. My parents made a mistake in sending my sister to a private institution for the first two years. <SEP> And she found out after that. She said my parents they really wasted a lot of money. This is about twenty years ago. But right now I just. As far as selecting a school I feel that a lot of it depends upon the major. <SEP> It does. I didn't know what I wanted to do after I got my degree. Originally I had planned undergrad degree in political science and then a master's in public administration. And I went ahead and pursued that. I got as far as the thesis and decided To hell with it. I didn't want it. And from that point I went to law school. <SEP> And after a year and a half of that I decided I didn't want that either. Haven't figured out what I want to be when I grow up. <SEP> But I really did enjoy the law. That's where I wanted to be. But I didn't want to go through the hassle that the law schools put you through because I never did want to be a practicing attorney. I just wanted a law degree. And I've since discovered that I would be far better off being in the paralegal field. Because that's the nuts and bolts of the law and that's what I like. <SEP> And you don't have to put up with all the B S that the lawyers have to. So that's what I'm pursuing right now. <SEP> And I'm pretty happy with it so far. I'm pursuing what's called an interdisciplinary field. I'm a speech therapy major. And fortunately I have a good medical background. <SEP> And. That's probably very useful. It's actually turning out to be more useful than what I thought. <SEP> And I also have a good languages background linguistics. And some psychology. It's all working together. <SEP> The only field I'm not familiar with really is education which requires about four or five different fields really. So it's a. <SEP> I thought at one time I wanted to be a teacher. But I quickly dispelled that idea when I became a substitute teacher for a while just to get my feet wet. I said I couldn't do this everyday. <SEP>. Maybe being a tenured professor would be one thing but being a public school teacher is entirely another thing. You are a disgruntled graduate student. <SEP> I am just a disgruntled person all around. I'm the original Mister Scrooge I guess. <SEP> I just. I think. There is. I think law would be a fine profession fine field to go into. I know one time I was in a political science class. And talking about fields people going into different fields I made an off the cuff remark about lawyers about their integrity being questionable. And that was like a can of worms. <SEP> You probably got everybody on you because they were probably all going to law school. There was a woman. She said my best friends are lawyers and all this. And it was just. That remark in itself is a slam. My best friends are lawyers. I know. <SEP> My best friends are blacks. Or Jewish. It used to be Jewish. Jewish. Now blacks. <SEP> And I guess Iraqi now is the. I know. It's. But. Law was a lot of fun until you get to law school. <SEP> And it doesn't become fun anymore. I have a friend. She's going into law. Another friend going into law. And she's. I'm really concerned about. She's just going to be. What's going to happen when she gets there. You going. All of her dreams will be dispelled. <SEP> If you've ever seen the program PAPER CHASE it's very much like that except worse. I think it's probably more embarrassing and very painful. <SEP> It is. I see that happening. Very much so. <SEP> It's a lot of that. It was enjoyable for a while. But it's such a grind. <SEP> And you begin to wonder. If I'm not. You really have to be dead set on being a lawyer to do it. If you have any doubts whatsoever you better not get into it. <SEP> I wasted a year and a half of awfully hard. And I aged ten years. But I wouldn't trade the experience for anything in the world. It never hurts to have some kind of a grounding in law. I went to a language school. And it was an United States institution. I was military at the time. And I think probably the biggest. <SEP> What branch were you in? What branch were you in? I was in the Air Force? <SEP> I was too. For myself I think that military experience was fine. I just wish that there was something else that I could have done with. I got tired of the service after a while. It. I had a terrific job really enjoyed it. What was your job? <SEP> Command post. I was a linguist. I was just wondering were you in SAC by any chance? <SEP> Were you in SAC? In Tak? SAC. I wasn't. <SEP> I thought maybe you might have had some experience with the R C one thirty-fives. I didn't go flight crew. Matter of fact I didn't make it completely through that field. I was in intelligence school and about three weeks short. I didn't make it. I sort of washed out. <SEP> After about eighteen months of talking about the year and a half training it's something. <SEP> I think that's why children really need to think about the field they're going into and spend a lot of serious reading not just thinking about. <SEP> They actually should do some reading. That's right. And if it's possible even get some experience at it or at least watch some people do it. And they should study it. <SEP> I think there's a lot to be said for kids working after school. <SEP> They find out just how much of a people person they are. That's true. I found that out when I was in high school. I worked at McDonald's. And I tell you what. I worked at McDonald's as well. And I can tell you one thing. There are just some people that I. You just came to the point where. And I eventually worked as a lab technician. And I worked front desk. And somebody could walk in the door. And I knew exactly what they were going to do and say. <SEP> I was the same way too. I'm not a people person. I hate having to play such a nice guy. Especially when it's all phony. Especially when you got some jerk coming in. <SEP> I. It's just not for me. I deal much better in research and books and stuff like that which is why I'm going to enjoy the paralegal field a lot. <SEP> That's good. I was just wondering getting back to the school thing so I almost wish that there was something.
sw3051.txt:There you go. First question. Do you own your house? We try. It's a big mortgage in the sky. And someday maybe we might even own it. But for all practical purposes I guess we hold the mortgage. Our name is on the till. <SEP> So that implies ownership. No one else has offered to pay for it. That's right. I would not object if anybody did. <SEP> Really they could move right into the spare room. We have had this one for five years now. Before that we lived in Garland probably about four blocks away. Liked the area chose to stay inside of Spring Park. It's a. I don't know if you have been up here. But it is a residential homeowners association. <SEP> So there's a lot of activities a lot of pluses and common land. But we thought we were buying at the bottom of the market. It could not possibly have gone any lower. And so we were wrong. Five years ago. <SEP> I think. What. It bottom out about a year later. It. Just recently I would say I would give it two years back when it was bottomed out. Oddly enough two years. I think that. <SEP> But maybe not in your area. It was just different areas. Not in this area. Cause this is about the. That's a really nice area. <SEP> Besides it's not Richardson. Is it? It's still considered Garland. It's Richardson. It's Richardson. And hold on a second. Paul I can hear you perfectly perfectly well. I don't want to hear you. You are being rude. Whatever you ask or scream when I'm on the phone the answer is no. Do you understand? How does that sound? <SEP> There you go. Write that one down. There I go. It sounded good to me. I hate to say how long that will last too. This area up here is all custom homes. And it's. <SEP> I don't think that many by the builder that built this house. And we were not the first owners. I think we are the third owners. It was built by the architect for himself who never moved into it. Who sold it to a couple who had no idea that homes ever needed upkeep. <SEP> Caulking windows was a great mystery to them. So they just watched the water pour in on the carpet. But it's a Sharif Myneer Homes if that means anything. It did not really mean anything to me except I liked it. <SEP> I kept thinking of Omar Sharif every time I saw that name somewhere. So. He builds eight hundred thousand dollar houses now. I think he got out of the lower end market. And decided. <SEP> But the houses here in this class of housing never dropped below two hundred. But still I know that this one was built for two ninety nine which is nowhere near what we paid for it. <SEP> And I think somebody told me it's also on a creek side lot heavily wooded off the golf course. And the guy around the corner is being transferred. So he said he did comparables that it's about eighty dollars. Let's see what. I don't remember if he said it was sixty dollars a square foot off the creek and eighty on the creek or if it was eighty and a hundred. <SEP> <SEP> Probably eighty. I think it was sixty eighty. Sixty eighty. I think. <SEP> Because I know our little house over here stuck in the middle of the subdivision is fifty five. So I think the high end is definitely somewhere there. Try and think if it was a hundred dollars a square foot. It could not be. Because this house has around thirty four hundred square feet. And it would never sell for three hundred forty thousand dollars. Just never. <SEP> Maybe that's pretty close to what it would have sold for brand new. Or that's pretty much what it was built for. It's got an awful lot of nice things in it. But I think it's going to be a long time if ever when nice things and really quality construction and all the other additional amenities are really desirable. It's seems like people go for square footage only now. And. Have you been back to the Perry Homes back here? <SEP> The ones that look like brick houses? The one that looks like Monopoly apartments. I think those are awful. I'm sorry. I just don't see the designer's. I just see him as trying to squish as much house into the space as possible. They are huge when you are inside them. <SEP> They are very spacious. They are. I was in one today. It was forty two hundred square feet. <SEP> That's. The house that we got is small enough so my husband and I. Because there's just the two of us. And the two cats can yell at each other from one end to the other and be heard. And we thought that was important instead of getting swallowed up in something that. When you have kids you like to be able to send them some place where they can yell and you won't hear them. That's true. But I have been watching these houses go up. And I don't. Somebody was telling me. I know somebody who lives back there. I have always questioned the quality of construction. And I don't think they exceed more than twelve nails per house. <SEP> When you watch them go up you are just amazed that they do not fall over. And it takes them something like thirty days to complete a house. <SEP> That's amazing. Right now in fact even as we speak we are having a deck put on in back. And these guys are phenomenal. They are doing such a terrific job back there. You pay for it too. But it's really worth it. They are putting in a deck a redwood deck. And it's just they are doing such a fine fine job. We have got three different levels of decking because this lot slopes way back down. <SEP> I'm really excited about it. And the house is built around the trees. <SEP> And with these decking that a corporation and a large area for the trees to come up. So it's real real shady. But that's one of the few things that really immediately pays back on return. But what I was going to tell you these Perry Homes back there. When the people from M C I come down. And they are used to the Virginia area metropolitan D C. <SEP> They come down here and those houses that look the colonial look what the. Looks like the George Town brownstone. <SEP> And the idea of ever owning anything that has four thousand square feet in it for less than two hundred twenty thousand dollars which is probably about what their equity is that they got out of selling their house. Must be a dream. <SEP> Because those things are selling like hot cakes. But one of the people that was living back there was telling me that his air conditioning bill per month last summer was in excess of five hundred dollars a month. And I thought. <SEP> I can't. And he was talking about how you keep up with the utilities here. And I was thinking I know why your God damn bill is so high. He has no insulation probably. It's because there's no insulation in those things. <SEP>. What a trap. Any yet. They show very well unless you have lived in a lot of houses around the area or looked at a lot of houses around here. <SEP> And you ask the right questions and can research. And I think that makes a big difference. But I like this area. And everything that I have been saying says that it's. <SEP> I do too. I think if we had to sell now we could come close to breaking even. But still it's worth it for the area and for the school and things like that. You're in the.
sw3202.txt:How would you go about organizing a family reunion? A-. For. I grew up in the deep south south Alabama. So whenever I think of family reunions. My family got together almost every week. <SEP> And there would be thirty people. So people talk about big family reunions. And I think. I have a friend who just went to Wyoming to some big ranch where there were four hundred people for their family reunion. And I. So how I would go about doing it is I would just call all my relatives. <SEP> Since I came from. My father has five sisters and two brothers. And my mother has four brothers and two sisters. So I ca-. Both of my parents had big families. And we always got together just always. Now it's different because I live here. And I. When I go home I try to see as much of the family as I can. But it's real different. And I grew up in a real not normal setting. With all of you living so close together. <SEP> Sunday dinner was at my grandmother's. And like I said there would be thirty people. And everyone would just bring things. And my grandmother would cook and cook and cook. And i-. I come from a very small family. And we planned a family reunion this spring. Where we are from Texas. And my family is from Ohio. And we met in Florida. <SEP> So the seven of us went on a cruise and then went to Disney together. So that's all the family. So planning our family reunion was very easy. I guess so. It really sounds like it was fun. We had a wonderful tim-.
sw3342.txt:Not be a very good conversationalist on fishing. I don't do a lot of it. I do love to fish. Good. Maybe I can learn something. <SEP> I don't know how much you can learn. I'm not so sure I'm good at it. But I do enjoy doing it. Do you? <SEP> It is fun what little I do. Of course I don't. I think when they refer to different kinds of fishing. I told my husband last night when I had called and they had told me that this was a topic I said I can tell them how to fish with a minnow or how to fish with a worm. He said I don't think that's the different kinds of fishing they're talking about. I hope it is. <SEP> There's not a whole lot of different kinds. That's about the only kind I know how to do. I don't do a lot of deep sea fishing. Because I get seasick. But we have a lot of lakes here in this area. <SEP> And I do a lot of fishing for bass. We have a couple of lakes in our area that are just filled with good sized bass. <SEP> And then when I get tired of them outwitting me I fish for catfish. And we use worms and shiners which is pretty much like minnows a little bit bigger than minnows. <SEP> And then I also use spinner baits and plastic worms. It all depends on what I'm fishing for and the time of day. It sounds like you do quite a bit of it. <SEP> I do. There's a lake maybe two or three miles from here. And it's very convenient on afternoons when I want to just get away and sit and think. Fishing's a good way to do that. And I have a lot of friends who like to go fishing. Do you have a boat? <SEP> I don't. I have a friend who has a little inflatable raft. And we use that sometimes. <SEP> I wish I had a boat. But I don't. I think the lakes are probably different in Michigan than they are in Texas. The ones around here are so big that you can fish off the dock. But unless you have a boat you can't really get into where they call the good fishing holes. <SEP> That's the same way here isn't it? Is it? You have to get back in the sticks in the. My in-laws live on a lake a little bit east of Dallas kind of in the Piney Woods. And the lake is beautiful. And I like to go out and stand at the end of the dock and fish. But actually catching fish to eat per se you don't really do much of that right there. I catch a lot of little old perch. <SEP> And then the turtles try to eat up all my bait. So it's so close to the dock that I think all I do is feed them a little bit. <SEP> We don't have a big problem with turtles. But it's kind of fun. But we do have a awful lot of snakes in our lakes. I would be afraid of that. <SEP> And I can't think of a time that I've been fishing that I haven't run into one or two of them. Do they ever get on your hook? <SEP> We. Occasionally I'll catch an eel on a hook but never the snakes. They just kind of. Are they poisonous snakes? <SEP> We have a lot of cotton mouth. So. They are definitely. And they live in little coves that I like to fish in. So I seem them swimming by every once in a while. I think I'd be a little bit afraid of those. <SEP> They're certainly ugly. We saw a large snake right off the dock there at my in-laws' place last year. It was probably four inches in diameter or something like that. Great big snake. And of course it scared the women to death. But the men come out and said that's only a king snake it won't really hurt you. But it looked so bad. And it was so big that it might not would have hurt us. But we sure felt like it was hurting us just being there. <SEP> Definitely. But they're scary looking. Do you have bass? I think that probably around here people fish for bass and crappie and catfish more than anything else. <SEP> That's pretty much the same way here. I. They have a lot of bass tournaments. <SEP> We have those. I don't. Inevitably if I enter one of those I never catch a thing. <SEP> I just go out there and sit and watch other people do it. That's kind of. We've never entered a tournament or anything. We're not that big into fishing. But I see a lot of people. Early in the morning there'll be all the boats going out. And they'll say there's a big bass tournament this weekend. And all those people are here for the tournament. So I think there's a lot of people that have really I guess that you'd call it really sport fishing. They're really into it to try to win. <SEP> Definitely. My. Certainly here they are. But it's a very relaxing sport to be able to just be out on the water and looking around. The peace and calmness is really relaxing. <SEP> It's a good thing to take a nice book and sit back and read and fish. That's what I do a lot. I've never tried taking a book with me. I'll have to try that one of these days.
sw3574.txt:Up there maybe you guys don't have as big a problem with air pollution as many do you? We have a terrible air pollution problem. Do you really? <SEP> Our summers are extremely hazardous. And during certain wind directions because we get the Gary Indiana Chicago pollution. <SEP> And we can look out on the lake and just see the brown haze coming up along the lake. That's horrible. <SEP> And they do post warnings for people who have heart diseases or respiratory problems during that summer season. <SEP> In the winter it's not as severe. But if the wind comes basically from the south it can be really bad. <SEP> The State of Wisconsin as a matter of fact started some litigation against Illinois because of the air pollution we were getting. I don't think it's going to go very far. But it was a way of triggering awareness. <SEP> So what's the conditions like in Dallas? In Dallas I haven't seen air pollution quite on a level that we had in Denver. I grew up in Denver. And I've lived there most of my life. And we used to have the posted warning days. However in Colorado now they have the emissions control law which has really cut down. Probably only once every couple of years do we ever have pollution so bad that they have to post warnings now as far as health concerns. Due to the emissions control on the vehicles seems that all of our smog was caused by vehicles rather than industry. <SEP> Wisconsin has a law in which we need to take our cars in every year when we apply for a new license tag and they are tested for their pollution control equipment. And if they don't qualify then they have to take it to a mechanic and have it gone over and then verify that it is drivable. <SEP> So they've tried to do a lot of that. And I thi-. There seem to be at least in certain little pockets. And we were talking earlier about Madison. <SEP> Madison has one of the nicest bike road sharing programs of any city in Wisconsin. And all Wisconsin has probably the most extensive number of bike trails for recreational use of any of the states. <SEP> And there is a real promotion of biking. <SEP> But there are still a lot of people who insist on driving their own automobiles to go everywhere. I find that a little irritating because I don't think it's always so necessary. <SEP> It becomes. Maybe to you and I who have grown up in some more beautiful parts of the country I think that we become a little more aware rather quickly of what's happening with air pollution and how horrible it really is. I notice people in Dallas seem to say there's air pollution but how bad could this problem really be. Send them to Wisconsin. <SEP> And we'll let them try to drink out of some of the lakes and try to fish in some of the lakes that have been suffering from the acid rain. <SEP> And they may wake up. How'd you like to own a piece of property where your lake is going sour because of acid rain. <SEP> It's really a serious issue for those of us up in this sector up here. Or do you hypothesize that most of the smog or air pollution comes from vehicles. Or does it come mostly from industry up there? <SEP> I think it's mostly vehicles although it does come from some of the industry of the Gary area. <SEP> And I don't know exactly where it emerges from when it's up in the northern sectors of Wisconsin. That causes the acid rain. That I'm a little uncertain of. But I do know that it is a problem. <SEP> I had talked with my parents. I was born in Muncie Indiana and grew up a little bit in Terre Haute. And I had asked them before. I went back to visit recently about a year ago. And I asked them. I said did you ever realize the air pollution that was.
sw2800.txt:I don't. Guess we got our first credit card back in the early seventies when I first got married. Was a Visa card. Issued out of a Liberty Bank in Oklahoma City. <SEP> Because my sister worked at some Bank Americard center there. So we were still in college. And had she not worked there I'm not sure that I would have qualified. <SEP> They've come in handy over the years. And they have become also a real bother sometimes. <SEP> Tell me about it. Especially if you catch yourself short on cash or if you're on vacation it's just easier to put everything on a card. <SEP> And I find if you're not careful you wind up a month or so staring those bills in the face. And you go I don't remember doing all that stuff. And it adds up. They add up quick. So sometimes especially traveling with T I everything goes on American Express. <SEP>. And it makes it a whole lot easier for bookkeeping. <SEP> But as far as personal life goes I guess I really try to use them as little as possible. I kind of like having them for gasoline purchases. <SEP> We like to keep one on hand just for emergencies. But. But other than that I guess over the years tried to avoid the national credit card syndrome of just putting everything on there day after day after day. And then you really get socked to it if you don't watch it. <SEP> How do you look at counting credit cards? We just quit using them. That's. <SEP> And they got us in trouble. We took a loan and paid them all off. We keep one gas card and Visa just in case there's an emergency or something. But other than that we don't use them anymore. That's kind of the way we were doing. It's. <SEP> I guess for that very reason that if you're not real conscious of what you're doing it's just too much by the time you get. If you got a bunch of cards you get a bunch of bills every month. <SEP> And for some strange reason those people think they need to get paid. I know. Isn't that funny? <SEP> And I give them. Maybe they're not really concerned about getting paid. Because they're. Know if you don't then they're adding on eighteen nineteen twenty percent. Sometimes it's twenty-two percent interest. <SEP> And then some of them add late fees on it if they don't get paid. <SEP> And. I guess that's one of the motivations behind the American Express card with T I. <SEP> There's no. With the American Express card from T I there's no late fee. <SEP> There's no interest rate. You either pay the thing off. Or they come get it. <SEP> And it's turned into personnel. And they come get you. So they've got quite a bit more motivation to get paid then some of the others do. <SEP>. But that's the one that your call center manager sees every month. <SEP> So you're a little bit more careful about what you put on that even though you can use it however you want to. <SEP> Can you use that one for personal use? You can? You can use it like any other card. <SEP> But you know that somebody every month. I see. And who knows how many people are looking at those bills that come in and those statements. <SEP>. You're not the only one. <SEP> So you want to make sure that. Is that okay that those people see what it is that you are buying. And most of the time it is. <SEP> But most of the others I've sent back all you get is card offers. I've got three card offers now from gas companies and Visa Gold and some other bank. Citibank is always sending the Visa stuff out. And I usually just throw them away because I don't want another one. <SEP> I do too. I don't even open them much. I throw them out. I don't want to have to mess with it. You carry around a wallet full of credit cards. And one of these days it's going to all be full. <SEP> A girlfriend of mine found a. It was a Visa or MasterCard. She found an ad for one in a GOOD HOUSEKEEPING magazine for eleven percent. That's not bad. I need one of those. If they don't say no annual membership on them I'll throw them away. Years ago I had my Visa card through this bank in Oklahoma City for probably fifteen years. <SEP>. <SEP> And then they started charging annual membership fees. And I said I'm not paying you. Why do they do that? It's just another way to make money as far as I can tell. <SEP> They get enough on the interest. They've been. And I guess they figure they've got enough people out there with cards. They're going to get cards at twenty bucks a pop. <SEP>. There's going to be that much more. <SEP> So then a couple years ago I found a bank here in Plano that if you kept a minimum balance in any kind of account whether it was a savings account or what it was you can get a Visa card through them and no annual membership. So I went over and just stuck three hundred dollars in my son's savings account in his name and got my Visa card. So as long as they have no annual membership fee it would be okay. <SEP>. But I can't see paying someone to use their card. <SEP> I can't either. Be charged their eighteen percent interest. So. I think you're right. The best philosophy is have them if you need them but otherwise leave them tucked away somewhere. <SEP>. Gets a lot of people in trouble. It sure does. Maybe they're counting on that. I don't know. I guess that's it. <SEP> Thanks for talking. Nice talking to you. <SEP>
sw2079.txt:. I'll let you start first? I'm presently living in a house. First time. We had the house built. And so this is our fifth year in it I guess. And it was a real excitement to go out and select the house and have one made and built. And like you wanted it we were the fourth to build out of three hundred and forty houses. And as we did with probably ninety-five percent of the people here in Dallas-Fort Worth we bought a Fox and Jacobs home. And they're good for about five years or four years. And after that they start falling apart. So I would not recommend F and J house for my dog to live in because they're overpriced. But they're a cheap house. If you can't afford something good. They're good for that. And you can call it a home because it's a place to go home and keep the rain off your head. But as far as the costs for what you're getting the longevity of the house is not worth it. How about in your case? In my case my husband is not a carpenter. But in fact he's in electronics. But he knew the only way we'd ever have a new home is if he would build it. So it took him about two and a half years. But he built us a house. It's. We have thirty-two hundred square feet. And it's a brick house. And price-wise it was great because he did it all himself. So that way we could kind of control it. <SEP> And we live in kind of a small town. And it's nothing fancy. It's a house. It's nice. And it's real pretty. And we're all comfortable in it. <SEP> That's great. That's great. That's. I've heard. I have another gentleman friend of mine who had a house built. As a matter of fact another guy is building one now. He's been doing it for three years. And the city's a little upset with him. But I understand you save a lot of money off by doing that. And. You can because that way you're not having to pay the middle men and everybody else. Nothing wrong with that. You know. <SEP> I'll vouch for that. But of course my husband did everything except. My brother's a trim carpenter. And he came in and did the inside for us. And that helped. That was a big savings. And. And we had to hire the plumbing and the brick and everything else nothing. He did everything else. We've been in it six years. <SEP> That's great. Have you been in it long? Have you any plans to maybe expand or move onward? We're. Our kids are kind of still small now. And we had thought before maybe a lot older we don't need such a large house that we'll sell it. But he will not build a second one himself. Because he says age-wise he'll never be able to handle that again. <SEP> I see. First one is always a bear. <SEP> We're having an architect friend of mine design a house for us. And that can basically be put in any state. So that's kind of we just got with him and told him what all we wanted. <SEP> And he's charging us about a buck a square foot to design it. And he's certified and registered. At least we know it's not going to fall in or something if it's built. But I have heard that your approach is right. You can actually go out and sub it even if you don't want to get hands on. <SEP> You can even just sub it out to concrete and those kind of things. And that's kind of the plan I have. So I'm. Everyone I talk to I file in my little book and do other things with it. That's great. That's great. But like I said otherwise the expense. But we could not have one as large as we have if we hadn't did it ourselves. <SEP> I can imagine. It's not an Eldorado house or anything like that. But it's ours. If you're happy with it that's all that counts. That's right. That's right. <SEP> That's all. You only have to satisfy yourself and no one else. Apparently the appraisers likes it because our taxes sure is high. That's an encouraging sign if you ever want to resell I guess. Isn't it? It really is. Because I'm always shocked at what they have it appraised at. I think my goodness. <SEP> That's great. I guess that about does it. And it was nice talking to you. Nice talking with you too. <SEP>
sw3294.txt:Let's see. So what gets you? As far as I'm. <SEP> The thing I think that annoys me the most is I have young children a baby in the house. And inevitably as soon as they're asleep someone calls on the phone trying to sell me something. And I think that that is probably the most aggravating. <SEP> It invades my time. I'm the one that pays for the phone. If I want to buy something I'll take the initiative and go find it. And that just really does aggravate me. What do you think? I. That's exactly the kind of thing I would have said. Although in my case it's my wife and I both work. We come home. And just as we're preparing dinner or eating dinner the phone rings. <SEP> And it's one solicitation call after another. And. Your time is valuable. It's like you say very annoying. And. <SEP> And why do we let this happen. I. That's interesting. I. The market seems to just be growing too. I guess enough people are not speaking out. I'm not speaking out that's for sure. I just get aggravated about it. And. Would you. If you could legislate something what would you legislate? I really don't know. I'm not into heavy government legislating of a lot of different areas. But I don't know. I do particularly find it annoying. I'm really not sure. I haven't given that a lot of thought if it should go to be. <SEP> It seems to me that we should have the ability to designate with the phone company that we don't want to receive calls like that. That might. <SEP> And the people making these calls would be obliged to compare their lists that they're going to call against this list of people who don't want to be called. Identify themselves. <SEP> That would be an interesting way. <SEP> And that way those who want it can have it. And those who don't want it don't have to have it. Sort of like an unlisted number where you haven't gone to the trouble of enlisting yourself. You're. <SEP> Except even unlisted numbers aren't safe now because they have these things just sort of dial through all the numbers. Automatically. Is that right? That's interesting. And. And they just get everybody. <SEP>. I do wish that it would stop on my end because it seems to happen at the worst possible moments. And I guess the next one is door-to-door solicitors. <SEP> I don't mind the children when they're selling things for school. I have kids. And that's just kind of part of it. But when it's adults selling a variety of things and especially when men arrive at about ten o'clock in the morning it makes you not feel particularly safe. <SEP>. And it's annoying as well. <SEP> And these people may in fact be just looking to find an unoccupied house to rob. You really don't know. So I find myself being a bit abrupt and a little bit ruder than I might normally be. But I do feel like it's an invasion of my space. <SEP> And. What about these telephone callers. Who want you to basically help them fill out a questionnaire. I've never quite understood the purpose of that. I. <SEP> I think these people were hired from different sources. Just be-. With. And so therefore there's no one answer. But. Basically it's a market survey. Just a survey. <SEP> But they never say who they're really working for or what questions are. There have been a couple of times when whatever the subject was caught my interest and I went along with it. And then there have been several times when I just said I just really don't have the time to deal with it at that moment. <SEP>. But I don't get too many of those. <SEP> I've had just a few. Generally someone's trying to sell me something. Or. <SEP> And sometimes this is just the lead in to a sales pitch too. Other times it's wasting your time to collect the data they want for their marketing purpose. <SEP> For which if they would just pay me enough money I would be willing to consider. <SEP> That's right. But a dollar isn't it. It's. <SEP> And I also sort of worry that sometimes people giveaway personal information. When the call comes and they sort of seductive to. Somebody is asking me my opinion on all of these things. And so I start answering. And then you go down a path. And you don't know where it's going to end. <SEP> In fact you don't even know the totality of what you've revealed. We. And This is most likely not going to be used against you. That's true. <SEP> But it could. And that seems to be something that should really be outlawed. Because it's subject to abuse. You just never know I guess. That. I. <SEP> And it. Asking for information is. I can't really see that. I think if nothing else they ought to spend money for a postage stamp. And when it arrives at your house I.
sw2910.txt:I think I get most of my news in headlines from the radio. And then I follow-up by reading the newspaper and news magazines about things that attract my attention. I do about the same but in a different fashion. I'm from New York originally. And now that I live in Florida. I live in the Florida in the winter and then go back up north in the summertime. <SEP> And I feel that the only legitimate paper although it might sound a little elitist is the NEW YORK TIMES. I've always read the NEW YORK TIMES when I was younger. And I try t-. Now that it has a national edition I read that. I guess I do watch MCNEIL LEHRER on P B S because I lean to that coverage. <SEP> And I guess I'm. I like them. But they take so long. I don't always have time. <SEP> There. It's a whole hour show. Actually it's an hour show each evening. And we turn it on when we start dinner. We seem to start dinner around six and finish it up. I find that I'm leaning on. I travel a great deal even overseas. And I find that I lean on C N N quite a bit for concise and quick stuff. And I'm quite satisfied with the way they put it out. I don't believe everything they say. But it's coverage. I think C N N does a pretty good job. I had not watched them very much except when I was abroad until the Gulf War. <SEP>. And they seemed to have the best coverage. They had more information sooner than most of the other networks. <SEP> I. Peter Arnet was reporting direct from Iraq. I think this is scandalous the way everybody's picking on him. <SEP> I think he reported what he saw. And if you didn't like it that was just too bad. I know that the coverage he was allowed to present was slanted. But I think they said that frequently enough. That you shouldn't criticize the man for giving us one perspective. <SEP>. <SEP> That's right I think so. And I guess when it comes to magazines I don't read. I used to when I was younger. I subscribed to TIME and U S NEWS AND WORLD REPORT. I have seemed to slide away from that and rely more on the local paper. Or I also subscribe to something called WORLD PRESS which is a magazine that only talks about other excerpts from the WORLD PRESS. Which sort of gives you a different slant than. It's not as slanted as the NEW YORK TIMES or as biased perhaps as the local paper. <SEP> But that and the radio. I listen to P B S radio a lot. And I also listen to these twenty-four hour news stations when I'm driving. I. We have a C B S twenty-four hour station that I listen to on the way to and from work. And. <SEP> Do you read. Are you from Southern or Northern California? Northern. I'm from the peninsula. <SEP> What is that. Palo Alto. The San Francisco paper out there is the major paper? <SEP> It's horrible. And that's a terrible paper. The San Francisco paper is just wretched. <SEP> So I subscribe to the SAN JOSE MERCURY NEWS. Is that pretty good? Palo Alto is about midway between. It's a whole lot better than that San Francisco paper. And. <SEP> What is that the CHRONICLE isn't it? There's the CHRONICLE and the EXAMINER. But they're both run by the same peo-. <SEP> They really are probably the worse papers I've ever read. I. They're just horrid. So we read. <SEP> Can you get the L A paper up there? That's a pretty decent paper isn't it. Or. We can. But I don't like it. So we subscribe to the NEW YORK TIMES and the WALL STREET JOURNAL and MERCURY NEWS. <SEP>. <SEP> That's another one I read. I forgot that. I read the WALL STREET JOURNAL. Not as in depth as I used to because their articles seem to be getting even longer and longer. But. Again I read that two columns on the front. <SEP> I agree with you that the problem seems to be they don't have enough time to do all the stuff. I feel pretty well versed in what I'm doing because I do spend more time on that than I do on sports. I spend a lot of time reading about these things. I'm quite interested. I find it very exciting for the coverage we have now today. And I think we do get pretty good coverage. I don't feel that the American people is being shortchanged by the news coverage. <SEP> If anything I think they list-. We almost have too much. I don't know. I hear a lot of criticism about listening to the Dan Rathers of the world and taking their word for it or their comment. Actually I think they slant things. But. I can not stand Dan Rather. <SEP> I remember him when he was a local newscaster in Houston. No kidding !. And I hated him then. <SEP> I didn't know that. And I would not watch that man for money. And he and Barbara Walters just really turn my stomach. <SEP> Was he. So I watch Peter Jennings and Tom Brokaw. Sort of alternately. <SEP> How do you feel about it? I guess I got to say if the subject is do I feel that we're well enough equipped to. I don't know. If it said that. I feel I'm well enough equipped. Do we get enough news or something like that? To. Do we get the news that we want? <SEP> And I do. I really think. I think I do too. I think you got to segregate some of it. <SEP> That's about all I have to say. Nice to talk to you. Nice talking to you.
sw3023.txt:I have. I used to have the opinion that there really was not any more crime in America in the cities anyway than there was in previous centuries before. Simply because. The reason there seems to be so much was the fact that the police now had advanced reporting methods with computers and other devices. Compile more statistics. That's right. And those statistics in turn got them bigger budgets. <SEP> However I have been persuaded lately simply by the overwhelming data that seems to be available that there is indeed a lot more violent crime. More especially where you are. Are you in Washington D C or Washington state? <SEP> I am in Washington D C. I was going to say. It. I do a lot of business here. And I come here quite often. And that again is a sort of media perception there's some absolutely lovely and marvelous and peaceful areas in Washington. Regardless of the racial makeup. <SEP> But it's real. There's pockets of violence that is so violent that they. It just really grabs your attention. <SEP> It just makes the whole place seem like that. Just to focus on that a minute. When Bennett became the drug czar for President Bush he was going to focus on this area and do something about it. And I see that even he was met with little success even though quite a bit of money and other planning efforts went into that. <SEP> What do you think is causing all this. Because it seems that there. Even though. Crime though I think it is increasing in number it sure does seem to be increasing in intensity and violence too. <SEP> I have three theories about it three things. I have one theory. And it's brought to us by two things. One I believe that this is a function of the violence that young people see on television and the movies. And I am not just talking about role models of tough guys and gangsters and things like that. I am not even convinced that maybe things like football hockey and even baseball games where everything is settled with a fight. The immediate need to show some sort of violence to settle the argument. <SEP> And then I am an advocate of hand gun control to some degree. So I think that particularly. I was reading the other day about Corpus Christi Texas which has the highest. I think it's Corpus Christi that had the highest rates per hand gun death in America per capita. <SEP> I have not seen that. But. The Saturday night special stuff. So. That's what I think about it. That's some of the things I think about it. Plus I do not know. What are your views? <SEP> I tend to agree with you with. It seems anymore a movie can not be considered good unless there's just some sort of violence or something in it. And along with that. And then you start making a movie and there's no call for something violent. So they just throw something in there just to say they have it. Exac-. That's the impression I get. <SEP> And I imagine that it just feeds upon itself when we have this sort of violence in society. People want to. It conditions people to it. And you have to amp-. It has to be even magnified to attract people's attention. To have them spend money on something like that. You become callous. <SEP> And I am sure that it does form role models for young men and young women. And. I read now where we are. Young women are arrested fighting with knives over. Whatever reason which is kind of unheard of when I was young. <SEP> I do not want to sound like an old fart. But that's what. Seems that those things did not happen in that manner before television. <SEP> And I have to think that it has some influence on it. But. I listened to a radio talk show today at lunch time Rush Lynn Bottom. <SEP> I do not know if you listen to him or not. He's on A M. But there's a fellow that had called in and was lamenting about the. There was an interview done on the assistant chief of police for Los Angeles the guy under Gates. <SEP> And they were just really coming down on him because of just some of the things that he believed in some of his morals. For instance they asked him if he spanked his kids. And he said `` You bet I believe in discipline''. And people I guess they confused discipline with punishment. <SEP> And just. It seems anymore that if you have this type of a moral stance that people come down on you. It's everybody has to be free to do their own thing. And I disagree. And I think that's really contributing to this high rate of crime. I guess what I wanted to say and I stopped was that there's so much of a return to prison that the rehabilitation programs seem to be a failure. And that is not emphasized. I recognize there's over crowding problems. And since we have decided to put everybody in jail that commits a crime now that's complicated the entire process. What I also think that. I guess it's the reflection of the society where we have so much more mobility and less attachment to. It does not seem to be any responsibility to the community where you live. Or. I do not mean attachment and responsibility. I guess I mean any sort of. <SEP> Nobody feels responsibility to do something. It's I wish they would stop doing that. That's right. I do not know how that's. I do not think it's done by. The changes come simply by statutory nature. I do not know what it really will take. <SEP> And I do not know if I have solutions except to. I am sort of an advocate of having free speech. And I guess to curb. The violence on television and in the movies would be contrary to my beliefs in that. However there does seem to be a. Right now in verbalizing. It does seem to be a higher need for something of that sort. <SEP> And then how many. And the sacrifice is not that great. How many studies have to be done to show that there is a link between what you see and how yo-. <SEP> What you see affects how you think and therefore what you do. I think that's correct. And. But as soon as you start. Texas has always struck me. I have lived in and out of Texas both in the service and short business stints. And it seems to me they are a pretty tough law and order state. But that's a. But yet that does not seem to have effected the amount of violent right in the state. Just citing that. <SEP> Unfortunately you have got a lot of the. A lot of it can be contributed to the racial differences just that we are so close to the border with Mexico. We have got a lot of that influence.
sw2650.txt:This is really ironic that I would get this subject today because just yesterday our dog ran away. And it's just been tearing me up all day. <SEP> I bet. Because we have just been looking all over for him. We've been to the pound. We've been to the humane society. We've been to the adoption center. We've just been all over the neighborhood. We've been calling neighbors. So this is just really strange. I guess so. Have you lost him before? This is the first time. He's gotten out before. But he's always stayed right here. <SEP> He's never gone away. And so this is just really strange because. What kind of a dog is he? He's part golden Lab and part Alaskan not Alaskan. I always forget. <SEP> Australian shepherd. And. <SEP> He's a big one. He's pretty big. That's why it really surprises me that he hasn't come back because like I said he's never gone away like this before. And I would think he could get hurt by a car or something. I don't know that he could really get killed that easily because he is so big. But I don't know. <SEP> I hope he comes back. That's too bad. I do too. How long have you had him? About two years. So he's. <SEP> That's tough. It's really. You get very attached to animals don't you? Isn't that funny how we do? <SEP> We just really. They're always there for you. And they don't talk back to you. <SEP> And it's kind of pleasant. They're companions. Do you have any? <SEP> We have a dog a little white Lhasa. And her name is Angel. And we have a cat a white cat. He's just a Tabby just a. And his name is Dominique. We call him Neek. But. How do they get along together? <SEP> Pretty good. We had the dog first. And she's kind of a wimp. And the cat kind of rules. But she likes him all right. We had another cat about two years ago. It got leukemia feline leukemia so we had to have it put to sleep. <SEP> And then we got this new cat. So. I have two children. And they really enjoy the animals. And then my mother who's very elderly lives with us. And she's really good friends with the dog. They're very good buddies. That's what are so neat about animals. Like I said they're really companions. And they're friends. <SEP> That's right. You can love them all you want. And they love you right back. And they don't. That's right. They don't care what you look like or what you act like. <SEP> They just love you unconditionally. I know. <SEP> It's wonderful. It's just so neat. It's. That's. I don't know. This is just so hard. I know it has to be. It's like I said we've had him for two years. And he's never. He's gotten out. But he's always been right there. He's never been gone at all. <SEP> He's just always been right there when he gets out. It's the first time he's ever been gone like this. <SEP> That's really too bad. That's awful. I just knew today that we looked at the pound and that we just went all over the place. And I knew we were going to find him. And when we didn't it was. So I don't know. I hope you'll find him. You most likely will. We keep. They told us at the Humane Society and the adoption center don't give up hope. And then not yet. <SEP> Have you put any posters up or anything like that? We were talking about that tonight since he just got out yesterday. We were just talking about that whether. We were trying to find some pictures of him recently. We've got so many when he was a puppy. But we just don't have a whole lot. We have him on film on the video camera. <SEP> But you can't put that on the. You sure can't. So I don't know. <SEP> We will put. Some posters and stuff up. That's good. And hopefully that will help maybe around the neighborhood. But we know a lot of people that live in this neighborhood. So that helps too if they can keep. <SEP> They can keep their eyes open. So. That will help. I think that if somebody else picks him up. I think that if he gets out he'll come back. <SEP>. I really do because he knows exactly where he lives. So. He will. I bet he does. <SEP> I know that it's hard on you. I know that I'd be worried too. I know. It's just so ironic that this would happen. And I would get this kind of a call. Isn't it though? I know. <SEP> That's. It's very strange. But. I know sometimes our cat will stay out all night. And when he's not right at the door in the morning I really worry that something's happened to him that he's got in a fight or somebody's hit him. And if he doesn't come by mid morning then I really get scared. But he's always come back eventually. So. That's good. That's one thing about cats though. They're so small. <SEP> And they can get hurt a lot easier. They can get hurt a lot easier. <SEP> They can. So that would make you really tend to worry about them if they're not right there. <SEP>. But he's a real feisty guy. He fights with other cats in the neighborhood because he doesn't want them on our property. Is that right? <SEP> He's. Cats are really almost more territorial than dogs are. They just really do not want other animals on their property. They're very very. He just. Any cat that comes near and even a dog he won't jump at them or anything. But he'll sit. And he'll watch. And I think maybe he would if it came real close. But he's very protective of our property. That's really. I guess I really don't know cats that well because my mother never liked them. So I never had them growing up. <SEP> So I never really had them around me. So I've never owned one since I. They're really a lot different than dogs because they're very independent. And he's very affectionate when he wants to be. But if you want him to be and he doesn't want to be he'll either scratch you or run away. <SEP> But when he wants to be he's really affectionate. He likes to lay next to you and have you scratch his head and snuggle up to you. But if he's not in the mood you'd better stay away from him. But dogs seem to be always in the mood. They're always right there and like you to pet them and loving. That's true. I like the way they come up. And they'll put their head underneath your hand. <SEP> That. And most dogs do that. They do. I don't know any that really don't. They know exactly how to get that attention. <SEP> They sure do. They just come up. And they put your. Or they'll rub their head against you. <SEP> Do you keep him indoors most of the time other than to go outs-. He's outside during the day. And then we get home at night we do bring him in. You have a fenced yard or. <SEP>. The backyard it's really big too for him to run in and stuff. That's why we couldn't understand why he would want to get out because he's had all this room to run in. But. <SEP> How did he get out? He dug a hole under the fence. He did it a couple weeks ago dug a hole. And we filled it back up put him back in there. <SEP> He did it again. So we chained him up. <SEP> But we really didn't want to keep him chained up because we feel like that's just too restricting for him. So we put dirt in the hole and then put some chicken wire around it so that he couldn't get out. <SEP> He kind of ripped through the chicken wire. So I can't. I just have not. I don't understand because it's like he's got a good home. He's got. We have two kids that just love him a lot. <SEP> It's like we can't understand why he kept wanting to get out. We just couldn't. You know that animals are like that. They like to roam and investigate. And see what's going on. I guess that's. <SEP> I guess that's probably true. I don't think it's anything we did. Least I hope not. <SEP> I'm sure that I know. He really does have a good home. I think that's what really bothers me the most about it. It's like. <SEP> How are your kids handling it? I don't know if it's quite hit them. I have two girls. <SEP> And they just been real. I don't know. At first they seemed to be upset. But now it's if he doesn't come home can we get another dog. That sounds like kids. It's wait a minute. <SEP> Poor Buddy. I said he's only been gone a day. And you already want to replace him. What's his name. Did you call? Buddy. <SEP> Buddy? That's was our cat's name that died. Is that right? <SEP> We named him Buddy after Buddy Bell the Ranger baseball player that used to be here. And we used to. We were really into that when we got him going to the Ranger games. And we named him Buddy Beaner for some reason. <SEP> But Buddy after Buddy Bell. So. That's funny. But he was a good cat too. We miss him a lot. <SEP> And I feel real guilty because we had him for six years. And one year I forgot to get him his leukemia booster. And he got it. And I just felt so bad. It's real contagious. And it's. And the vet said it runs rampant in this area. I didn't know that. <SEP> And if they don't have their booster any kind of saliva or anything from another cat if they get in a fight it automatically. They get it if the other cat has it. So. I had no idea. I did not know that. <SEP> It was. I just felt terrible. I knew something was wrong with him because his appetite was. He was just getting real skinny.
sw2366.txt:I don't know. I grew up in the sixties. And at that time it was a changing time for the whole music scene I guess. And I grew up with the Beatles and the Rolling Stones and the whole pot culture during that time and went through that phase and kind of stayed with it for several years after I graduated from college and thereafter. But have since. I grew up in a small town in southern Oklahoma. I have kind of gone back to more of a county flavor in music. I'm not quite sure why that is. And it seems like almost a opposite. But I guess I got away from what I consider to be the pot sounding music. It didn't have what I was looking for at the time country tells more of a story. It kind of reminds me of my roots of growing up. And I've become more of a country fan over the years. When you say that you grew up in the sixties I take it that was the teenage type years. Or. That was my teenage years. I was born in fifty. And. <SEP> We're very similarly aged. So we probably have an interesting perspective on the music on the times. So I'm just a couple years older than you. Essentially I was one of the nerdy types in high school really which meant that for one reason or another I didn't pay much attention to music. But as I look back now I realize it was very formative for me. My early popular music interests were in Simon and Garfunkel whom I saw perform when I was in college. And I became attached to that style of urban country if there is such a thing. <SEP> I think in a way one could talk about Simon and Garfunkel that way because they do tend to have a dramatic or story approach to their music usually tend to have some good or bad moral to it. Over time I became very interested in baroque classical. And I think that was just through experiencing contacting college and the fact that I found it very relaxing for me. My tastes now run to a upbeat Simon. It's something that interests me combined with the classical tastes I had mentioned. And my classical music tends to be confined to the seventeen hundreds early eighteen hundred music. I'm not a music. I'm not particularly schooled in it. I know what I like to listen to as far as classical music. And I spent a good deal of time listening also to people from the late seventies really Neil Diamond for instance. People of that particular time. That's kind of the way I am. <SEP> I listen to some country and western. But I'm not schooled in it. And I've enjoyed the times when I have listened to it. I played a little bit of piano. I continue to do that. I want to do it. And I never have the discipline to stay with it. But when I do play and begin to reacquire skills I inevitably fall in love with country western music which tends to be in some ways easy to play for a new piano player. It's got basically an easy rhythm and tone. <SEP> And it's easily something to fall into. I'm kind of the say way. I've gone through different periods of life in music from pop to classical. I guess one of the things that influenced me was that I've worked in radio stations as a D J for all my college years trying to support my way through there. And. Was support. I was influenced by all different kinds of music. But basically because that's where I worked. And I've developed a real love for classical music in probably junior high and high school because my band instructor was heavy into classical type music. He said he used to sit on Saturday mornings and watch cartoons just to hear the music that they were using behind them because they used a lot of classical music behind the cartoons. And so consequently we wound up playing a lot of classical music there. And I think that got deep seated into me. One of things I especially like now in music regardless of what kind it is are those that call on those classical roots I guess Barry Manilow comes to mind for some reason there's not a whole lot of his stuff that I'm real crazy about. But he does have some things. Chicago had some things. And I think even Electric Light Orchestra had some real influences by classical music. And I'm still. My favorite. In fact most of my C D -s are classical music. <SEP> I find it very interesting that some television shows that I enjoy I particularly like the music. I don't know which is chicken and egg in that situation. A good example would be. I have connections but not particularly deep ones to the Vietnamese war type situations. And I found that I really like CHINA BEACH. And I particularly like TOUR OF DUTY. And both of them I had as much fascination of the background music going on as I did to the theme of the shows. <SEP> And THIRTY SOMETHING I'm particularly interested. But it's the music almost that I find myself listening to. I'm kind of thinking that's maybe. Our generation was so in tuned to music of that time that we identify goodness or badness now with the music that's behinds them. <SEP> That could well be. I spent my sophomore and junior year in college when I. A song by the. I think the title of it was just Downtown. And if you recall how it goes downtown. <SEP> All I have to do is hear that song and I get strongly evoked memories of difficult times in school being behind on work. And my family now knows if they come into my study and I happen to have had a tough day at work and maybe I'm trying to get a project done at school and I'm humming or whistling in a sort of mad crazy way the tune to Downtown they know to just stay away. <SEP> That's their signal. They can hear the unconscious music signal behind it. <SEP> That's right. When did you first take your first piano lesson? Probably about first grade. <SEP> And I have returned about every four or five years to thinking that I would like to do something about it. I usually get to the point where I can play some of my favorite themes. And then inevitably I am swept away by the pressure of other types of things. It is a time consumer. <SEP> It is. In order to continue to grow and. I always think that I'll be able to do it. And then I inevitably discover that I have no innate music talent relative to composition and that I struggle and really can't quite understand what is that other people take for granted in composition themes. And I. Keys and things are something to me that remain a mystery no matter how many times I bang on them. I have a pretty good mathematical concept for what's involved. <SEP> But in a innate music sense there just seems to be something missing there which is always frustrating for me since I have pretty high math aptitude. And I keep thinking I thought that all the math and music people are supposed to go hand in hand. But it doesn't for me. It's making that connection especially with the mechanical parts of it. I was never able to master all that. In fact my brother and sister both they were thirteen sixteen years older than I they went through the parent thing where you've got to practice or you're not going out to play thing. <SEP> And when it came to my turn the folks said we're not going through that again. They sold the piano. And turns out I was the only one who really had an interest in it and never got to. So I. That's one of things I felt like I missed in life. And I really. In fact one of my favorite things to do now is sit down and listen to Chopin that is played on piano. I can just drift off into some other world just listening to that for hours if I ever have the time to do that. <SEP> Maybe one of these days I'll. I'm kind of like you maybe one of these days I'll get around to it. I'll do something with the piano. But probably not. So we both have a secret background that says somehow or another we just knew we were piano players and never got a chance. Just never got a chance to come out. <SEP> That's the most fascinating thing. It's a pleasure talking with you. And you sir. Best of luck in your graduate school. <SEP> Take care.
sw3338.txt:Tell me what you like to do. I collect antique tools for one thing I'm sort of in an antique business. But it's a little sideline part time thing. <SEP> And I'm building a log house at a farm that I have in East Texas which is a hundred miles from here. <SEP> It's really neat. And course I've been working on it for five years. But. But how wonderful. Are you close to getting it done? <SEP> It's getting real close to. Of course there's still a lot of work to be done. And then when you get the shell finished you still have a lot of stuff to do inside. But. Are you going to move your whole family over there then? <SEP> Actually I'm not even sure. I may. I'll probably always have a place here in Richardson or Dallas. Kind of your getaway place. Escape. But it's beautiful. It's Eastern Hardwood forest. There are a lot of pine trees. But it's mostly oaks. And. How beautiful. And it's pretty flat there? <SEP> It's kind of hilly. But it's low hills. It's not. I've only been to Texas once. I have two sisters in Texas now one in Austin one in Dallas. And the one in Dallas is the one that got me to doing this. And I thought Austin was beautiful. <SEP> You. I liked the hills and the trees. In Aus-. <SEP> It's really different because that's the chalk hills down there limestone hills. And you've always lived in Texas have you? <SEP> Except for time in service. Born and raised Texan. I had never been there. That's pretty neat. My sisters both seem to like it pretty well. My brother-in-law works for the University in Dallas. <SEP> At which one? He's admissions director. University of Texas in Dallas. <SEP> It's just north of me here. He's got a job there. And this is his first year. So it's been a real interesting thing for them. <SEP> That's great. But they seem to like it okay. I think they're too far away from me. But maybe some day they can get closer. We'll see. <SEP> Pretty good trip. So what kind of hobbies are you in? I'm mother of four. So basically I'm just real busy with my kids right now in sports. And we have a little Halloween talent show tonight. And I substitute at the schools part-time. <SEP> That's great. I am a travel agent at heart. And my hobby is just. I love traveling and being involved of that and finding out more. But it's real hard to work in the summers and holidays and weekends when you have four children and a husband. So I reluctantly gave that career up and am just substituting at the school. So I've been librarian all this week which has been real interesting. And I'm enjoying it. I'm around my kids. And. <SEP> That's pretty easy substituting isn't it? It's great. It's great. And what else do I do. I do lots of cross stitching when I have time. <SEP> And I enter things in our little state fair. And that's pretty fun. That's great. But actually my hobbies mostly is my sports. Tennis. I play tennis. <SEP> I love tennis too. Do you? And I ski. Do you ski? We snow ski. We snow ski at Mount Bachelor mostly in Oregon. <SEP> That's great. Have you ever been there? Wonderful place. <SEP> I've skied in Colorado. And we usually go to New Mexico because it's a little cheaper. Where in Colorado? <SEP> I've been to Telluride which is on the west side and Copper. Copper is kind of my favorite up there. Breckenridge and Keystone. <SEP> I guess those are the only places I've skied up there. I would love. I can hardly wait to get up there. <SEP> Me too. Are you guys getting snow? We. It is snowing right now. We're to get one to three inches tonight. <SEP>. I heard Aspen got three feet. We are on the dry side of the mountains. Seattle is only about two and a half hours. So of course I'm a real Seahawks fan. <SEP> And going over that pass is just a real nightmare. I can imagine. And we're on the colder side. They're on the rainy side. We're on the snowy side. And we ski. My children all ski. <SEP> And we have been to Whistler in Canada which is just a marvelous place. Whistler and Black Home is in Canada. And then we've gone to Sun Valley several times. That's just a great place. But not in Colorado. Since I went to school. What about Utah? Haven't been there. I keep hearing these marvelous things about Deer Valley and. <SEP> Haven't either. City. Always want to go to Canada to Banff or somewhere like that. <SEP> And your kids all ski? Not all of them. <SEP> My kids are all grown. But my youngest son is a skier. That's great. My boys are at the point where they scare their mommy to death. <SEP> When they're skiing they're fearless. And they go off.
sw2220.txt:I was trying to think about some of my favorite people that I liked in music. And none of them are recent. I like Gordon Lightfoot. Do you know who he is? <SEP> And the Moody Blues. And I like to listen to piano music a whole lot. And Willie Nelson. You like a variety. <SEP> Sort of easy listening because you like country. But then. But not all country. I don't like that when they start. I don't know. I just like Willie Nelson because he's such a character. <SEP> I like some of his songs though. They're not so sad country all the time. They're just kind of sweet sometimes. They're not the typical country where they're just my wife left me my dog left me. My truck is broken down. <SEP> My truck's broken down. And my house just burned down. But. There's a guy. Have you ever heard of George Winston. He plays piano. <SEP> I think he's dead now. But he plays wonderfully. I like that. <SEP> Do you play the piano. Is. Or you just like it? Very badly. I've got a piano. <SEP> My mother got a piano. And vowed that someone in the family was going to learn. So we all had to take lessons. And I was the one that did the least poorly. So she gave it to me. And it's sitting here mostly taking up space. But sometimes it makes you feel good to sit down and play it. It is real relaxing. <SEP> It must be fun to be able to play it. And if you can play tunes that people can sing along to it'd be kind of fun I think. Because I play the flute. And not many things you can play people will sit there and sing along to. And you can't sing along either. But I like a lot. I like classical music just because of the. When I don't play. I like jazz music. But. So do I. <SEP> What's that? Forgot about that. What's that? I said so do I. I forgot about jazz. <SEP> I like a lot. I like is it the New Age music with the. I don't know if you've heard Neurotic Collection. We've got about five of those. I love them. I love those too. They're just so relaxing. I'd never heard them before until I went in a music store. And you know how you put the headphones on and listen to it. <SEP> And I heard a piece. And it was just so wonderful. And then even my eleven year old boy loves to listen to it. <SEP> Isn't that nice. It's nice when you have a piece that is so peaceful that everybody likes. And it has pieces that are uplifting. But it's mostly relaxing. And because it doesn't have words you don't feel like there's anything you have to remember as far as singing a song or something like that or interpreting what they mean. But. You can just sit. You know those little booklets that come along with it. <SEP> And you can just see the things that they're trying to show with music. My little boy has gotten so into it that. He's identified the people that have written certain songs. Then he buys the pieces that have that person. On it. <SEP> I see what you're saying. <SEP> I don't even know who did which ones. But he does. I can't identify them either. I just like them. I know which ones come next. But I don't even know their names. Most of them I don't know their names of the song. But I can identify them. But I like that. And course I like classical music. <SEP> And. Were you in the band? I was in the band. So was I. <SEP> And I was in chamber music groups and stuff. So I'm used to pieces. And I played classical flute. I didn't play jazz flute or anything like that. So. I can relate to it I suppose. And I'm like you I like the older stuff too. Because I like Chicago. And I like. I like Hebert. You don't know Hebert Laws. But Hebert Laws a flute player. He's a jazz flute player. And I like Chuck Mangione. Do you know who Chuck Mangione is? <SEP> I like Chuck Mangione. Trying to think of all. What's his name plays the trumpet. I like the Moody Blues. Did you like them? <SEP> I like Moody Blues. I like mostly the older groups I think. C-. But we do have. I like Simply Red. We got Simply Red. I figure all our C Ds that we have what I really like. And I like Breeze. I like the group. I think just because they sound a lot like Simply Red. If I'm going to listen to that kind of music nowadays it's easy listening. What type Simply Red. I've never heard of that. Is it just instrumental? <SEP> It's got people singing. But it is instrumental. But it's got people singing. But it's got a whole bunch of people singing. You know how many people are in Simply Red Stuart. He can't hear me. I don't remember how many people. But it's got men and women. And it's nice. I mean it's pleasant music. It's not where it hurts your ears to hear it. But it's not like Chicago where it's got that much instrument to it. It doesn't have all the brass and everything. <SEP> My husband is telling me we have to hit the road. We're going to go to Commerce and see a friend. And then I'm going to go to Sulphur Springs. <SEP> You must live in this area. Where are you? We're in Sherman. We're in Garland. <SEP> You're going to Commerce? For East Texas or something? <SEP> Just because there's a friend up there. Not because there's much else. They're having a lot of recruiting this week in all the different areas. That's why I was just w-. For colleges? <SEP> East Texas is recruiting for their fall semester. They're not c-. And they've been doing a lot of that in the area. They're not going to recruit me anymore. I'm through. <SEP> No more for me. No more. What do you do? <SEP> Right now I'm just a homemaker. But I'm going to school for legal assistant. And that's what I know. And just nothing basically. Are you going to go to East Texas for that? It. I don't go to East Texas. I got a degree from T W U. But I'm really interested in the legal environment. But I don't want to be a lawyer. So I said I think I'll go back to school and see about being a legal assistant. That'd probably be pretty interesting. I was summonsed down to the courthouse last week. They had summonsed eight hundred people. About four hundred showed up. And it was for a murder trial. <SEP> This guy had supposedly strangled this woman and stuffed cotton toweling down her throat and up her nose. Anyway this is happened in nineteen eighty-three. And they had us fill out a long questionnaire. We stayed till about one thirty. And they're going to call the ones that they're interested in from the questionnaire two to three at a time. And the trial won't take place until June. <SEP> That's how it works. And they say it's going to last about two to three weeks. And this guy in front of me said I can't believe I was summonsed. I was an investigator. And I was tailing the woman that was killed. Then I have a friend at school that has a boyfriend that's a lawyer. And he said that this socialite in Plano had hired four guys to kill her husband. And the one that's accused was the one that actually did it. And she has since taken off with another lawyer who had been getting cocaine from his client and then selling it. And he had skipped bail. And they finally extradited him. And he's going to testify for the State against her so he'll have his sentence reduced. And this is the man that was in front of you? <SEP> They'll weed him out. The investigator. He got off right away. <SEP> And I wrote that down on my questionnaire that he'd told me that. So I figure that that will make me biased. And I won't be chosen. <SEP> Not necessarily. Hopefully. But there's probably something else that might make you. Because you could know about the crime but not necessarily be taken off the jury not be accepted for the jury. <SEP> Pretty much a lot of people would know about it and know some of the different things about it. But they might weed you out some other way. If you don't believe in death penalty you're not going to be picked at all. The death penalty. <SEP> But. I said that I could believe in it in certain instances but I'd find it hard to levy that against somebody. There they would have a doubt about you that. <SEP> Because if that's what the punishment is in that instance then you're always going to say not gui-. You're not going to want to have him have that punishment. So. But then when you're picked. I was picked for another murder trial before. <SEP> And it's so hard because everybody is wanting to go on and get the sentence done. And if you're trying to hold out there's so much pressure on you. And you've got to come up with a decision. Especially with something where you have to find it beyond a reasonable doubt. You have to find whether they're guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. And it's like do you really feel that sure about.
sw2372.txt:How about you. Do you use P C -s? Constantly. You and me both. <SEP> It seems everything I do is computer related. And if it goes down then we're stuck all day. And so I like the I B M P C personally. <SEP> But that's pretty much everything I've worked with. And I've become so accustomed to it that it's second nature. What do you use? <SEP> I have an I B M P S two model thirty. It's kind of getting too slow for me. But my job I'm an E D P auditor. So I audit computer applications both on the personal computer and the mainframe level. <SEP> And I use my personal computer constantly. Not only do I do P C type things like using lotus or word processors. I also use my P C to emulate a mainframe terminal for our I B M mainframe and also to emulate a deck terminal for our deck machine. <SEP> So all I have on my desk is my P C. But I'm getting not only our local area network. But I'm getting two separate mainframe machines also. So we use an I B M P S two also. <SEP> And every now and then the file gets so big that it moves slower than I'd like. But I do mainly graphic work on it. And a little bit of word processing and then lotus applications to it. <SEP>. And I don't know. I enjoy working with them. <SEP> There's so many capabilities out there. The things you can do are endless. I've become kind of the P C guru in our audit department because it's mostly financial auditors with an accounting back ground. <SEP> And there's three of us E D P auditors. And one of the three of us has an accounting background. And so she's not real proficient in P C's. And the other just has not used P C's that much. So I ended up taking on the load of making sure everybody knows what they're doing. And I'm the administrator for our local area network. And I need to keep that going. And So I couldn't live my life without a P C. <SEP> I don't have one at home. We have one at home. But I just don't find the time that I can use it. Right now I would rather not have one at home because I would work at home. <SEP> We've got a couple of portable lap top P C's at the office that I end up bringing one of them home a lot to do work. If I had a machine already installed at home I would probably work just about every night. One of the reasons why I got mine was before I went on maternity leave. They didn't know how they were going to do without me at work because I am pretty much the guru in the office with the different programs and any trouble shooting that there is. <SEP>. So they didn't know how it was going to work. They knew they were going to have to get a modem in the decks machine in my home so that we could make it through this eight weeks or so. <SEP> But it's almost like we could become too dependent on them. And we use a lot of free lance. <SEP> And that's pretty much takes up a lot of our day so for as producing transparencies and things. And it. Compared to the way the things Have really. <SEP> What's the word I'm looking for. I'm just totally drawing a blank. But the way things have changed over the years with the P C and the different programs is just great. It's remarkable the things we can do now and compared to a few years. Just the power. <SEP> I'm trying to get an updated machine. Mine is just putting along. And it's not fast enough for a new four eighty six chip. But I don't know if my boss will spring for it. <SEP> But I'm determined to brake mine. So he has to get me another one. <SEP> We think about that a lot. That's what I do. We had a printer a Hewlett Packard Ready Writer. <SEP> And we had about ten people sharing this printer. By it was attached to a central P C. And you had to take your diskette to the P C to print something. That's awful. So the first thing when I started working at this bank is I said first of all we need to all be able to share this P C without getting up. So I talked my boss into investing in a it's not a real elaborate local area network. <SEP> But we can share the printer. And we can send files to each other. And we can send mail messages to each other which is good enough. <SEP> It's what we need. And then I talked them into buying a H P Laser Jet. <SEP> And that was a major ordeal to get him to buy it. But once he bought it he has been so pleased. It's fast. It's quite. It has good copy. The copy that you can with one of those as compared to one of those dot matrix printers. I've got a little I B M Pro Printer on my desk. <SEP> And I can use either the Pro Printer. Or I've got my P C configured to where I can use either printer. The one that's on the network or my own. So if I just need something real quick and I don't feel like getting up and going and getting what I printed. I can just print it in my office. We're just trying to talk ours into getting a laser printer. <SEP> And it's just so. The budget restraints and things like that makes it difficult. And. They have gotten really cheap. Hewlett Packard makes it's actually a dot matrix printer. <SEP> But the quality is almost laser quality. And I think it's called the desk jet. And I think they're about five hundred dollars now. And we got a quote on some laser printers the other day at six hundred dollars. <SEP> I don't remember what kind they were. But we do a lot of transparencies. Sometimes the color would take too long to plot out. <SEP> So they just want black and white which we can just run them through the laser printer real quick. Because it will only take a minute to print one of those out and then run a thermal copy of it. <SEP> But it. So that's all you need for charts and stuff. You don't need them in four colors. If it was a customer presentation then that would be different. <SEP> We would want to razzle-dazzle a bit. But it's. We have one in the office. And in our area if we want to use it like you said you had to change it put it on a disc And carry it over to there and see if they're not using the printer. <SEP> You use the sneak- system. And wait for an opportunity to use it. <SEP> You'd have to just sit and wait while someone else was using the printer. Until they got off the machine. I know. I know. I understand. <SEP> That was. I was amazed when I came to work. I worked at the. It used to be the largest bank in San Antonio until N C N B came up and bought the rival. And now N C N B's got a little larger market share. But it's the only. It's part of the bank holding company and that bank holding company of the ten largest banking holding companies in Texas. It's the only one that's still alive. <SEP> Any way I work in a big prestigious place. And I couldn't believe when I walked in the door on my first day and here's the audit department of this huge holding company sharing a H P Rugged Writer. <SEP> I was going wait a minute. Come on guys. This is crummy. So how are you supposed to expect to stay number one when you're behind the times in technology. <SEP> We're pushing real hard though. We're trying. The entire bank is not like that. We. The bank philosophy is one of innovation and Lead the market. It's just the audit department happened to be just a little behind the times because the senior vice president over audits is cheap. <SEP> And it's real hard to pry money out of him to do these things. But I was able to convince him that it would be cost effective and that our board presentations would be much better. And. We find it hard to believe sometimes or hard to understand when we work for a computer company and how are we supposed to present the imagine that we're supposed to present with equipment that's outdated That's obsolete. <SEP> And some of the guys that run this place are very tight. And it's why do we need this. Can't you do that with what we have. And when we try and then they complain about this doesn't look good. Unfortunately the computer equipment and related peripherals are changing and improving so rapidly. For instance we bought a.
sw3135.txt:. Have you ever had to put your children in child care Mary Dell? I'm an old experienced hand. I started back when it wasn't stylish to do that at all. <SEP> My daughter that's seventeen now I worked even when she was a baby. <SEP> And I had private care for both my daughters until they were two. And then I was really lucky to have put them in a Methodist day school at Preston Hollow Methodist right off of Walnut Hill and Preston. <SEP>. <SEP> And it was a wonderful environment. I just wish all kids if they have to be put in day school could have that kind of place. I see. <SEP> So it worked well. How about you? I have a nine year old and a six year old. And neither one of them has ever been in day care for the reason of me working. <SEP>. But they both went through preschool. <SEP> And we've just been real lucky anyway. To not. <SEP> It's not hard to find anything that's part-time. So many of the churches have really strong preschool and children's day out. Half day programs. <SEP> But it was a nightmare back when Cheryl was little. And this is one of the few churches that did it. There were a couple downtown Dallas. But they seemed cold and impersonal. I just couldn't hack it. <SEP> And what I liked about Preston Hollow is that the people that were there when Cheryl was two which was fifteen years ago many of them are still there today. So there was real continuity. She went back as a teenager. And these people that had changed her diapers when she was three were still there. <SEP> So it was really neat. But it was because they had a director that had always done it as a labor of love. And she just kept good people and real cheerful place lots of arts and crafts. <SEP> And I'm really glad my kids had it because Plano schools do so little of that. That if they hadn't had it before they hit first grade they were never going to have any art or music or any of the interpretive stuff. That is a big drawback in the public schools out here. To. <SEP> You're lucky to have an art teacher. And if you do you get them once a week or something. Or pay for it after school. Our Emily's in the third grade over at Huffman. And they started a pilot program where we can pay private tuition so that they can take French and music and art. And I willingly did it. Is that right? I had no idea. <SEP> But I thought this makes me angry. This is something that ought to be in the schools rather than some of the other stuff they do. <SEP> And with our budget cuts I'm sure that's not going to change anytime soon. <SEP> That's the only way they're going to be able to do it. And parents who really want their kids to have any humanities are going to have to do that. So in some ways the day schools do serve those purposes. That's true. Even the preschools they get so much of that in preschool. And then when they hit kindergarten it's. Culture shock. <SEP>. It's just. Put the colors away. Get the computers out. <SEP> Which is too bad. And. That's hard. <SEP> It's so difficult for them. Did you have your children in private care. Was that in your home or in someone else's home? Until they were two. Both times they were at our house. So you were able to have somebody come there. <SEP> And that was hard too. I lucked out with really good people both times. But I know so many people that are never able to find that. And I'd practically give my paycheck away to do it. Did you have a nanny. Or did you have someone that lived in with you? <SEP> She didn't live with us. The first one was an elderly lady who was putting a daughter through nursing school just purely on baby-sitting money. <SEP> And she kept Cheryl during the day and then did more baby-sitting at night. <SEP> And she was neat because she was like the grandmother that my kids never had because both our parents are dead. <SEP> So that was a plus from that respect as well. And then with Emily it was a neighborhood friend that kept her. <SEP> I have. <SEP> I just can not fathom putting a little bitty baby in a commercial care center. I was just listening to a program this morning. I guess it was on the HOME SHOW. But they were talking about a new. I can't even think of the name of it. I was halfway listening while I was painting. It's some kind of advisory board they've put together for parents and children. <SEP> And they've now moved it to Washington D C. And the doctor that was on there the pediatrician said I can't imagine leaving a three week old and taking them to a nursery day-care and leaving them there. <SEP> That would be hard. They give a lot more leave. I work at N C N B now. And our benefits for maternal and parental care and even for elderly people are really expanding. <SEP> We have more options now then we did when my kids were born. With being able to take off full-time longer you can phase your schedule in so that it's not full-time for up to six months. That's great. <SEP> It's really neat. I've had a couple of assistants that came back just three days a week. Or they've whatever schedule they want from a pay standpoint. We try to work it with their hours. And that helps because you don't have to just wean yourself cold turkey and say I never get to see my baby for eight hours a day again. <SEP>. And the bank has a lot of programs now for child care referrals. I've. Of course it's too late for me so I've not tried them to see how effective they are. <SEP> But I think we're finally beginning to make progress but just not very fast. It's amazing. <SEP> And for our age group it's too late too little too late. But I do think it's an area that needs to be looked at and improved because more of us are going to have to work. <SEP> Two income families are here to stay. And I would think since big business is supposedly why the government makes the decisions they do the people that work in big business have families. <SEP> They have children. So it's only to their advantage that they get these programs going and working. <SEP> And. You retain employees and keep them longer. That was the rationale they gave when they were giving us information about our Employee Assistance Programs that they want us to be happy and want us to be able to cope with trying to split ourselves in fifteen million pieces. <SEP>. <SEP>. So I hope it helps. It seems to help the new mothers not have to come back full-time. That's good. <SEP> Because that's hard. That's good to know. I have a couple of friends that have found a private home to take their children to when they're young until they hit the preschool age. <SEP>. And they. Usually you'll find a woman that's keeping six children or four to six children in the home. <SEP> And my future sister-in-law's mother does that too full-time. In Plano though the problem is you find. And this is what I found with Emily. From the time she started first grade I wanted her out in Plano area. <SEP> And I kept finding neighbors and friends. And they'd move. She ended up being in a different home every year. Too transit. <SEP> And I finally decided I didn't like that because it was traumatic to her to get so attached to a family and then have them move. And her surroundings. So this year I tried Kinder-Care. And then she's old enough to. <SEP>
sw3188.txt:Have you done any painting projects lately? This is a great topic for me because I just did my first two painting projects ever. <SEP> Was not a big deal. What kind of painting was it? <SEP> Two little deals. The first one. I helped someone repaint an apartment. And it was very easy. Was it? <SEP> And I've never painted anyth-. I always thought it would be. So you'd have to hire someone if you needed to paint inside your house or something. But I know I can do it. <SEP> And the second one was I bought some toys at a craft fair. They're unfinished wooden book ends and stuff for a little girl for Christmas. And so I decided to paint them. And that wasn't as easy as painting the apartment. What kind of paint did you use for the bookends? <SEP> That's half the problem right there is that it was a oil base. So I had to get. And when I painted them I didn't realize that we didn't have any turpentine or paint thinner or anything in the house. So I had it all over my hands. At first I didn't realize. I had never painted anything. So I didn't realize that I needed that. I kind of knew in the back of my mind. You can't use oil on wood? <SEP> You can use it on wood. But I just had it all over my hands. And I went to wash the brushes out and wash my hands. And you can't wash it off with water. You have to get a solution. And. You had to go around with paint all over you temporarily anyway. I had to drive to the store. <SEP> I had to drive to the store with paper towels all over my hands to go buy some paint thinner and everything like that. And then downstairs in the apartment we just used a latex base. And so you can drip it on. If you dripped it on something as long as you wiped it up it was real easy to clean. Is that what you usually use in the house is latex? <SEP> And it just. The same with the toys. It's just important to look for one that doesn't have lead in it. It says Safe for Children and all that. I heard about that. I guess a friend of mine had a. She just started up a day care center. And one of the real strict restrictions was the fact that she had to have a special kind of paint that was fire proof and lead free and all that other good stuff. <SEP> So she had that done. But. Have you painted anything recently. I had to paint the inside of this warehouse thing that you keep some farm equipment in. <SEP> Was it huge? And what I had to do is just coat this bare wood with a sealer. And I had this big five gallon jug. And it was like paint thinner. It looked just like it was the viscosity of paint thinner. <SEP> But you just took a roller and put it on there. And if you saw that the wood was getting wet that was all you needed. So. It was. It used all of it. I guess it was about three hundred yards worth. So. I guess it worked out. It was pretty easy actually. <SEP> I think though we're lucky that we didn't have to do any detail work because I don't know if I could. I don't know. I don't know. Must be difficult. What about the trim in your house? Did you have to do that? <SEP> It was really easy. I just. We had a couple of different size brushes real easy. I went around the trim. And if it. And there was wall paper. I was just doing just the trim around the doors and windows. And there was wall paper. And if we got it on the wall paper a little bit we just wipe it right away before it dried. <SEP> It came right off. So there was no major mistakes. There was. Did you have one coat or two? <SEP> Two actually. And it. There was. Around the windows if you got it on the glass we let it dry and scraped it after that. But that. That would be really a time saver. <SEP> If you just. We didn't tape anything. We weren't that careful. But it wasn't. I don't know it's funny. It's like if you just go slow at least I didn't get that many mistakes. <SEP> I didn't make that many mistakes. Me I would have had to have taped the whole thing and then brushed around the edges. And then I'd have probably rolled it on. It would have taken me forever. Why? Just because you'd be afraid to do it or have you done it before. The first time it probably would have taken me forever. So. <SEP> It wasn't. If it was my own I would have. But my friend said just go ahead you just go ahead it's easy. I said it's your place. How long did it take you all? <SEP> A couple of week ends. We would go down two or three hours on the weekends. And. So there was two of you all? <SEP> They were doing all sorts of repairs. And I was just painting because I don't know how to do anything else. That's easy enough. So there's a whole bunch of people. <SEP> So now I feel like if I ever buy a house I can probably paint if nothing else. I think I could probably do it as long as the hardware store told me what to buy then I could do it. <SEP> But I went in to a hardware store to get paint for those toys. And the guy said get this it's a nice shiny gloss which was true. But I didn't realize what pain it is to clean the brushes and everything if you don't have latex. I don't if. It's worth the shine.
sw3068.txt:Steve did you go to college? In fact I'm still going. That's good. So you probably could give some great advice. <SEP> I don't know about that. But in fact I'm in the process of trying to choose a P H D school. What's your interest. Your. <SEP> Computer science and cognitive science. So. That's similar to what. I'm in a P H D program right now. <SEP> I see. And my area of expertise it's information systems which is a little bit less technical than computer science. But my area of expertise is human computer interaction. And I think that's one reason why I'm part of this study because I'm working with voice systems. <SEP>. So good luck. I guess we should talk about giving advice though. What type of advice do you think you'd give to a parent? To a parent? <SEP> The thing is when you're a kid and the kid at that age especially if they're going into undergraduate it seems like they think they know what they want. <SEP> And choosing from my experience I thought I know what I want a lot more than my parents know what I want. But I don't know. At the same time you have to decide what is important about the school. The size of it or. I think that's more important probably than even the career vocation because most people change. <SEP> I know very few people that started in one field and stayed with it. They. I think that's what you just said having to do more with the size of the school the environment of the school. I think that's much more important. I'd advise a parent to send a kid to a school though that has a number of different types of programs. That some of the smaller schools might be very limited in what they can offer. But some of the larger small schools I guess around three or four thousand students can offer a broader range of curriculums and things. So if the kid does change they don't have to transfer. Or they don't have to. I don't know they don't have to give up years of credit transfer and things. <SEP> That's disruptive. I normally. And parents hate to hear this. Because I actually teach college. I hate to talk to the parents. One of the reasons is because the kid doesn't know exactly what they want. And I always say make sure you major in something that you like even if it's not going to be your career vocation because you'll get better grades. <SEP> I think most employers would probably rather hire a three six in history to be a salesman than someone with a two oh in business administration. <SEP> Does that make sense? I see what you're saying. I always tell them that you should major in something you're going to get good grades in. Because that's always more important overall. <SEP> I don't know. Give me five minutes. You're at the office now? <SEP> At work? I'm just getting ready to go to lunch. That's like what we were saying though. Would you advise a private school or a public school. It would. <SEP> What's the trade off there. What. I tell you. I live in Maryland. And the public schools here are pretty good. I teach at a public school actually. And I know that the S A T scores for our admitting freshmen are higher than a lot of the private schools. And I would full time at a public school. And then right now I'm teaching part time at a Catholic institution. <SEP> I see. And I think I'm getting a better caliber of student at the private school because I think their parents pay more. And I think the kids are a little bit more challenged because their parents are probably college educated. Where at the public school I don't think as many parents are college educated. And I think because it costs less the kid doesn't take it quite as serious. Th-. It's the minimal cost. But I think you can get a good education at public or private. But I think you can also get a bad education at public or private. I. You have to look around at the school. I think the bad part is that most parents or kids don't know what to look for. <SEP> I think I would agree with that. In fact I'm going through the same thing where in graduate school I was trying to choose. A particular institution might be better for my area. <SEP> The University of Small Town in Arkansas or something might have some top specialists in my area. <SEP> Yet if I go to U of I or C M U or any big name school my quality of education might not be that much better. But it's the same thing. There's what will the name recognition get me kind of thing. <SEP> Does it have a big ten football team. Or. <SEP> That's usually the basic criteria. Is it a PAC ten school. But I think. I'm at the University of Maryland so in this region though I go to a smaller branch of the University of Maryland my diploma will still say University of Maryland. <SEP> It doesn't differentiate on my diploma though I would put it on my resume what program I went to. But I think I'm actually at a smaller program. I'm not at the big College Park campus. That's the big one with the football team. So I think you're right that there's difficult decisions there based on name recognition. When I first was applying for graduate schools I applied to some big programs in this area like Stevens Institute of Technology which is recognized in the Northeast as one step below M I T in a sense. <SEP> So it's got big name recognition in this area a big science school no football team but a big science school. And technical people know that. But I don-. I think you're right. You really have to think about that for the job. I went to a very small state college when I got my bachelor's. And when I. I was in education at first when I was looking for jobs. I was going to be a teacher. I was just a high school teacher. So most people recognized that institution because it was a teaching school sort of. <SEP> But then when I went for graduate work or for a new job people said to me Shippensburg State where is that. And when I went into higher education even at other universities they weren't aware of it. <SEP> So I think yeah. That's important. I think it depends on if you want a regional job or a national job. You need that first job or so out of school too. <SEP> I guess another thing that concerns me is it seems like everybody today is still in that job market. And where was I at? In going to school you get taught the things you learn in school. But there is also a whole other dimension the growing up while you're going to school part. And actually in the Midwest especially a lot of the schools like University of Missouri will have a main campus like Columbia which is big multi disciplinary. <SEP> And they'll have a satellite campus usually in a smaller town that specializes in the technical field. So you've really sacrificed some social exposure to different groups and everything. <SEP> Depending on your technical areas. I could see that. But I know that at University of Maryland where I am in a P H D program I haven't even met someone outside of my area of information systems except for.
sw2545.txt:So do you have a personal computer? We do have one in our home. It's on the fritz right now because the monitor isn't working properly. But it has been used tremendously mostly by my children for playing games. <SEP> However the bane of our existence these days. But it does have a word processing program which all of us have used for reports and papers and that sort of thing. That's what. When this subject was mentioned to us. I went that's all I use mine for is a word processor. And I haven't used it since I got out of college. And that was six years ago. But it was my sister's who. My sister bought it. <SEP> And my father had a small business. And she thought that he would incorporate it and use it in the business. And he never did. He always did everything out by hand. He only had three employees. <SEP> So it wasn't really worth it to him to do it. It would be worth it if he were able to get a program that would do something that he normally had to do by hand. Like pay the payroll. And. <SEP> And there are lots of them on the market. Basically payroll. <SEP> But you do have to research that find out what works for your system. What kind do you have? It's an I B M. I think it's a Professional Three Hundred. That's the digital one. It's an I B M P C Junior I think. That's a nice computer. She uses it now my sister to. She moved. And my father wasn't using it She took it with her because she needed it to do. <SEP> So she took it with her. Don't blame her. She just finished up her Bachelor's degree. <SEP> So I don't know if she's going to even use it anymore. It's. Encourage her to try other things. Because I am. I work in a school system. And I teach writing. And we use the computers a great deal for word processing because students really do seem to be freer when they write on the computer as you probably found out yourself. <SEP> But I also am sponsoring a literary magazine. And we're doing our entire layout on the computer because of the graphics program and a page maker program that we have a publishing program. That's neat. That's a very good use. <SEP> So it is wonderful. Once you get into some of the programs that are out now you can do so much with them that you don't do until you really make yourself use them. <SEP> I know there's got to be a lot of uses. But it's just you have to have a need. You have to make yourself do it. But you have to have a need. I really have no need for it at all. <SEP> I work for Digital Equipment. And we have a powerful computer down at work. <SEP> So you don't need a personal one? And I still really don't do that much as you say play games on it. <SEP> They're great for playing games. My brother. <SEP> My son is studying electronic technology. And he's been able to do things on the personal computer here that really have enhanced his reports and his learning and all because he can lay things out that way. And I guess it. If you're doing that sort of thing it's really useful. But unless it is I guess it's kind of a waste. I know some people who just. They just went through a course and took the electronic grafting course drafting not grafting but drafting course. <SEP> That's fascinating. <SEP> The C A D. I knew what you meant. And that's really neat. You can do graphs on it too. <SEP> But this is one step above it. But it's actual drafting. And I always. <SEP> You can do wonderful design. It's really s-. Especially when anyone who's ever done any kind of drafting or engineering drawing. You have to be so precise. And the computer does it all for you. So it was really neat. I wanted to go to that course. But my boss wouldn't pay for it. <SEP> I'm I'll get a job some day and my boss will pay for it. I'll be needed. Because I didn't want to go do it myself. Because I didn't think I was really going to use it. <SEP> I got this cough. I've got a cold because it was eighty degrees up here and I went outside with no coat on. It was bad. <SEP> What a change? It was a big change. You couldn't really wear a coat because it was so hot. And then again I picked up a cold. <SEP> But I'm doing all right getting over it. That's good. So I don't even know how much personal computers cost nowadays. <SEP> They vary tremendously. Because you can get. Because they're. The ones that were made a few years ago have come down in price significantly. I've seen them for five and six hundred dollars. But they have much less memory and capable of much less. They can't do your drafting and your graphs and all of that. <SEP> You can't do very much on them. It's just that you have to be able to get your program in. And many of the programs are so big. <SEP> They take up so much space that you don't have any place then to work. You don't have any bytes left. But if you want to go into one that's really useful you're going to have to go over a thousand dollars. And even for a personal computer it's probably smart to spend that much. And we've. Ours is not quite that powerful. And so we are limited which may be one reason why. You do run into limitations on yours? <SEP> <SEP> Some things we can't do. But then we haven't needed to either. But we've been able to do what we can. That's neat that you even reach the limits of yours. I haven't even begun to reach the limits. <SEP> But I. Mine is not as good as a P C Junior. Junior. Ours is a Commodore One Twenty-eight. <SEP> And it's not quite as useful not quite as powerful. They say that Commodore has made a good P C for the price though. So. <SEP> They did. That's very true. That's very true. They did. Very competitive. I don't even know much money my sister spent on hers. But I just thought it's going to be a waste. She's not going to use it. <SEP> Sounds that you were right. She likes it. She gets to write her reports. But like I say she could have bought a much cheaper model and done what she wanted. <SEP> And she could have bought a typewriter also. A typewriter with memory would have been fine. <SEP> It's all she uses it for. I think it might have a spelling editor on it. I'm not sure. <SEP> It. It prob-. If it doesn't she could easily put it on. That's the one great thing about it. <SEP> Which program did you use? Did you use Word Perfect? I really don't. It was six years ago. She pretty much set it up. She goes you make your file and then you can edit it. <SEP> I used the one at work a lot. Matter of fact anything I've had to write from now on I had to ca-. God forbid. Write a couple of resumes. And I was just great. And all you have to do is just put it in the spelling check mode. And I don't even have to look my words up anymore. <SEP> They're great. You're right. I guess we've spent our time. I need to go help my daughter do something. So this has been fun talking to you. Good. <SEP> Good luck. <SEP>
sw3155.txt:I really haven't seen any movies lately. So when the computer picked this one I was a little bit surprised. But I think I haven't been to the movie theater here in about six months. But the last movies that I've seen were probably on video. That's. We rent a lot of videos too. <SEP> We saw. I have two little babies. And we saw one movie recently. And that was THE TERMINATOR movie which I didn't like after all. I haven't seen THE TERMINATOR movie. And that's kind of blood and guts isn't it. I don't particularly care for that sort of stuff. <SEP> I don't either. It. On all the advertisements Arnold Schwarzenegger says he doesn't kill anybody in the movie. He doesn't. He maims them. He maims them pretty good doesn't he? <SEP> I think he shoots off their knee caps for the most part. In the movie. <SEP> I saw SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY. I saw it. I haven't seen that one yet. Couple weeks ago I rented it and watched it. And I was pretty disappointed in it. Because I was told by several people that it's pretty scary and intense. <SEP> And I was pretty disappointed in it. It's a good movie. But I guess that they built me up too much. For my expectations in it there. <SEP> With all the commercials and everything. <SEP> I haven't. That's one we want to see. I want to see DANCES WITH WOLVES. But we haven't seen that one yet either. I haven't seen it either. But I've heard that it's real long. That it's a good movie but it's long three hours. <SEP> That's what I heard too. We've got to get it at a time when we can put our kids to bed and stay up late to watch it. That's right. So We saw the movie with Sylvester Stallone OSCAR. That's right. <SEP> OSCAR. Supposed to be his debut in comedy. <SEP> Which was an interesting movie but not very funny. I know my daughter saw that. And she liked it. So. Did she? <SEP> It was an amusing movie. It j-. I guess maybe it would have been better if we'd have been at the theater as opposed to just at the house watching it with no one else around. <SEP> So. And of course I get to watch all these movies like LOOK WHO'S TALKING and LOOK WHO'S TALKING TOO. And because I have a ten year old. So we watch a lot of movies around that category that she can watch. <SEP>. <SEP> My son just turned two. And so THE LITTLE MERMAID is now our favorite movie. We seen THE LITTLE MERMAID too. LITTLE MERMAID and PETER PAN are his two favorites that we've got. <SEP> And I think there's some good Disney movies fixing to come out on video SHIPWRECKED. I didn't hear that was coming out. It's fixing to come out on video. And I can't think of the other one that's fixing to come out. <SEP> They just had THE RESCUERS movie. But. <SEP> That was a Disney movie wasn't it. I think I heard that was just out. He doesn't sit still for the whole movie yet. But he likes to listen to the music and stuff if there's a lot of that in the movie. I'm glad to know that there's somebody else out there that doesn't get to go to the movie theater. <SEP> I tell you ever s-. My kids are just small babies. And I tell you we really want to go a lot. And there's so much out on video now that it's almost. The movie comes out quicker than you can go see it. Sometimes. <SEP> That's right. And then they go to the dollar movies. <SEP> That seems to happen. I noticed that DANCES WITH WOLVES was playing at the Granada Theater. And someone said that was a lot of fun to go do. You can have dinner and everything while you watch the movie. I thought that might be kind of fun to do. That does sound fun. <SEP> And of course you need a baby-sitter for that. Definitely. But. I'd really like to get out to the movies more often. Course it's so expensive now too that you can't hardly afford it. I know we get discount tickets where my husband works. <SEP> But other than that it just seems like it's so expensive. And then the popcorn and everything else. You almost can't afford to do it. No matter what. That's right. Although we did actually get. We went on vacation couple months ago. And we got to go see WHAT ABOUT BOB? <SEP> That was kind of a funny movie with Richard Dreyfuss and Bill Murray. That was fun. I don't think that I've ever heard of that movie. <SEP> Richard Dreyfuss is a psychiatrist. And Bob is his patient. And Bob follows him on vacation. It's. That's the one where they burn down the house or something. The house explodes? <SEP>. That's the one. Another movie that I want to see if it ever comes out on video so I can see it without my daughter around is. I just forgot the title of it. It's supposed to be a real scary one. Here's another one that I've seen. I saw. I can't remember the title of it either. <SEP> Must have left an impression.
sw3801.txt:Got any problems on Mockingbird with crime. Or is that a crime free zone there? I don't think there is any such thing as a crime free zone any longer. <SEP> I'm afraid you're right. One evening I decided to retire early and heard sirens and noises and thought something's happens on Mockingbird and then heard yells and screams. And the next thing I know there are policemen all around my house. <SEP> And they had stopped a stolen car and caught one of the men in the hedge. And then the other one was on the roof in the back. By your house? <SEP> On my house. <SEP> So I'm very much aware of crime in the cities and the concern about it. That's got to be a frightening way to spend an evening. It was. <SEP> I kept hearing noises. And so I knew that I was not going to sleep until I got up and went out and checked the garage. So I got my gun and walked through the house into the garage. There was no one there. But I wanted to be sure. Is Plano beginning to experience the kinds of things that are more common in the urban area? Unfortunately. <SEP> That's too bad. <SEP> I think as any city grows up you get the hoods and the riffraff and everybody else in there. <SEP> And I think. Fortunately the sirens and everything we hear are over on Spring Creek. But we've lived here sixteen years. And now you can tell the change for sure. <SEP> I was thinking if you've been there that long you've seen Plano grow from what was really a small town to a city. Central Expressway with all the stores and the restaurants and the convenience stores and all that kind of stuff it's just prime pickings for people driving by. <SEP> <SEP> And. I was appalled to read the other day about the shooting on the tollway. That couldn't be too far from you neither. <SEP> It's farther west of me. I live over near White Rock Lake. <SEP> But. It was really frightening to think that it's not even safe to drive onto the tollway or for those people in the tollbooth. <SEP> <SEP> I never thought about someone robbing those. But apparently they do. I don't know how a few bucks can be worth shooting somebody. But. It just doesn't seem possible does it. It's kind of stupid isn't it. <SEP> But I guess when people do those things they don't really give a thought of the consequences at the time. It's looks like easy pickings. And away you go. <SEP> And I think the drugs play a tremendous part in the theft and the violence that we see. I think you're right although I think that may be an excuse for people too. It is convenient isn't it? <SEP> I didn't know what I was doing. That kind. Just like the old alcohol idea. And I think when you have haves and have nots you're always going to find people that are too lazy to figure a way to earn money and find it's easier if you can get a gun to go out and hold something up than it is to figure out a way to legitimately earn the money. <SEP>. <SEP> And I work in South Dallas for the Dallas School System. And. Where do you work? <SEP> Do you know where Oakland and Hatcher are? I think I do. Is that Amelia Earhart School there? This is over near Lincoln High School. Just not far off South Central Expressway. <SEP> That's a pretty rough area there isn't it? It is a pretty rough area. We're over by Fair Park. <SEP> And you watch the people. There are marvelous B M W -s and Mercedes and Cadillacs and everything parked all up and down the street outside these awful taverns. And the kids see that. And they know that they can earn several hundred dollars in a day running for drug dealers if. Definitely that area that's big time. <SEP> Big time there sure is. It surely is. I don't think I'd go to work without a bulletproof vest on myself. <SEP> I'm careful. That's the worst neighborhood in the whole area. It's a little scary sometimes. And I manage the.
sw3080.txt:Do you do exercise? I do. I guess it actually changes. I do a number of different things simply walking with my wife. <SEP> And sometimes my daughter will come along on her little bicycle. <SEP> And then moving up I run in the mornings. Not every morning it probably averages about two days a week. <SEP> And then with my wife I actually go to the gym and lift weights which isn't quite exercising. But it's along the lines. How about yourself. That's a hard question to answer because I do physical things but I don't always set out for them to be exercise. <SEP> I walk with my parents occasionally. Nothing's real regular about this because I have a weird schedule and they have a normal schedule. And I play racquetball. But I haven't since I've been out of school. I don't have anywhere to do that. But that's going to start soon again. And I play softball once a week which is kind of more recreation than exercise. <SEP> Because I really don't like to exercise. I think that's the basic point of it is I don't enjoy it if I know that it's exercise. But if it's like a social activity or a recreational activity I don't mind. <SEP> So I have to disguise it. It's like feeding little babies food and telling them it's something else so that they'll eat it. That's right. That's kind of the same thing for me. I have to not know that it's exercise so I can do it. <SEP> So you look at it more as a task. If it's exercise it's a task. I don't want to do anything I have to do. <SEP> I see. I'll voluntarily clean the bathroom. But I won't do it if I have to do it. I'm thirty-two years old which is probably different than yourself. <SEP> I'm twenty-two. And so it's interesting that as you get older you begin to understand that you need to exercise. <SEP> My job at Texas Instruments I have to sit in front of a computer all day and make phone calls so that I don't get any exercise doing that. And plus there's a build up of stress. <SEP> So I need to go out and take those walks after dinner. And I need to go out in the morning and run. Or I'll just get nuts. So that's kind of a motivator. So even though I can look at it as a task I get some kind of global benefit from the whole thing by saying I'm lowering my chance of heart attack and that type stuff. <SEP> Eating right and no cholesterol and all that. That all. I do all that. We. I'm sure I will do. I'm doing that more and more than I used to. <SEP> I'm getting better about this knowing that I need exercise and doing it but it's still at the task stage. Is it a pleasure for you. Or are you. <SEP> It's a. Something as simple as a walk with my wife is very enjoyable. I do that at the end of the day. And it takes. During that time the stress from the day goes away. I get to share whatever I did with my wife and vice versa. <SEP> Going to the gym is actually something different than. And the running. And I enjoy that too. Year. I've been running since high school on track teams and the like. <SEP> So running I'm at that point which you probably get to after about six months of dedicated running where you don't feel your muscles any more. <SEP> And you don't think about the pain of it. You take the time to relax some how. And you think about other things. During those first few months you have to think about running and why your elbow hurts and why you can't breathe and this and that. And that's no fun. And it's so hard to get past that for a lot of people. That's. I never got past that stage. <SEP> The weight lifting on the other hand is actually. I think I look better. I'm not a huge person. I'm just a regular looking guy. But just going to lift weights on occasion with my wife. And my wife thinks the same thing about both me and herself that get that little bit of definition in your muscles is attractive. <SEP> So that pays also. That's good. <SEP> So I guess that aspect of that takes away the work with my wife which is nice. I love her. I enjoy being with her. <SEP> I guess that's one thing. But also that long term benefit of a little bit of tone in your muscles. That's it. I do the occasional push up and sit up. I haven't really brought myself to go to the gym because that's very stressful to me. Because I felt real competitive there. And I need to find some place I could go and not feel like there's all these people who are just huge and hulking that are. <SEP> I don't let that bother me. But. That's something that comes with time too. I'll tell you the sit ups and push ups are excellent. <SEP> It's your own. You're struggling against your own body weight. You can have variety by putting your feet higher or lower by putting your arms further apart or closer together by doing them real quick or real slow. <SEP> And you can actually get a good wo-. I know in the push up at least you can get chest muscles and the back of your arms quite built up just doing push ups. That's a good idea. But I do have my ride. We have a stationary bicycle and a stair step machine here at the house. <SEP> Is that right. I'll do those once in a while just at eleven thirty when Love Connection's on and I can't sleep. <SEP>. I'll get up and stair step for half an hour. <SEP> That's funny. <SEP> It's pretty healthy. But I don't have a regular plan that's. I need to get started on that. <SEP> Maybe not. I'd say at twenty-two you don't necessarily need a plan as long as you're getting the exercise otherwise. When your life becomes sedentary is when you have to make yourself a plan. <SEP> And what's real funny about plans is that there's a struggle when you add a plan to your life. Something else has to go away. And that's the hard decision is if I'm going to run in the mornings what do I trade it off for. The answer's sleep. Sleep. <SEP> If I'm going to walk at night what do I trade it off for. Star Trek. Or it's always trade offs. And as you get older you have to really think what can go and what to replace this thing. <SEP> It's not just exercise but anything. It's very hard. And I don't think you should worry about not having a program yet. That'll come some day when I. <SEP> I guess if you care or if your future wife gives you a reason to care which helps. <SEP> I hope so. I think we covered it. Sounds good. <SEP> Nice talking with you Craig. You too. Have a nice day. You too. <SEP>
sw2316.txt:It's hard topic because. Is it doing a good job or a bad job. And you got to divide it two different categories whether you live in the city or whether you live in a more rural place like I do. And are you talking about public schools being lower level high school level or state school. Kindergarten all the way up to high school. <SEP> But you're excluding high-level education. I am. <SEP> Actually I think that higher level education. I don't think there's so much of a problem there. It's pretty much funded well. There are small colleges that I'm sure are struggling. But it's the job that the high school and the grade schools are doing that I see in a area like ours. Our school. Even a bad school is a good school up here where if I lived in New York City or Washington D C I would seriously consider moving if I had a child. I wouldn't let them go to a public school system there. But of course people are trapped economically. And they can't do that. I know down here the schools are. I don't know. They rate. I moved to Arkansas and Texas after living in Ohio. And the schools down here rate bottom ten percent across the country. And having been through grade school up there and coming down here to high school I can understand why. Because they're so far behind and so poorly staffed half the time the teachers don't know what's going on. That's really too bad because it's giving some people unfair advantage. Our high school up here is like a junior college in Florida. <SEP> What we learned. That was my experience going through junior high up there. When I came down south for high school I was just repeating what I'd already done. Because we were so far advanced. <SEP> And I'd been in a parochial school before junior high. And even the public schools are behind the parochial schools. So I like the concept they've got now where they have more directed education. You pick a career path. Or you get counseling earlier. And then you learn the things that help you rather than spending four years learning the same things over and over. They have that down there that. <SEP> They talk about it. And there are a few in. I live in a big Metroplex. And some of the better parts of the Metroplex the suburbs that are richer have those kind of target schools. But. It's like if your father owns a grocery store and you're really interested in that. There's no reason that you should take college prep courses when you can get some general business courses in high school. <SEP> Or if you're going to go the science route you can go to a target school that specializes in science or art. There's no point in. I'm an engineering student. And if I have to go take art classes I'm not going to use them. And through high school I could have gone so much further if I'd gone to a school that was directed. That's true. I was fortunate. I'm a technician. And we had a vocational electronics in our high school. In high school. So when I went to my first year of tech school I had a very easy time because our high school had a good program. <SEP> I think the schools today they're just overrun. They don't know what to do. There's too many kids and not enough teachers. And too many of the kids don't care. I find that in the cities it's more like the kids go there so socialize not really to learn. <SEP> And. And the parents send them there because they're supposed to. Plus it gets them out of their hair. And I also find that you can send a kid to school. But if don't work with them as a parent I think you're putting your child at a big disadvantage. <SEP> And there's some kids that want to go learn. But most of them just want to go play. I could see if a kid doesn't have any encouragement if they're come from a broken home and their parents are more concerned about trying to work. Or maybe they're unemployed. And they're mad at the world. I can see where that wouldn't be very good for a kid. He's coming up will you help me with my homework. And they're get away from me. I've had a terrible day. So it's got a lot to do with economics in the area that you come from. That's true. I'm wondering with the boom down here. It's not at the moment. But a lot of the industry's moving southward. Are they going to move to Mexico? <SEP> I don't know about that. But a lot of the industry up in the northern states is moving south. <SEP> And I'm wondering if that's going to have any effect on what you see now. We're behind down here. On the. I say we because I live here. If. That might not turn around in the next fifteen twenty years. Maybe they'll bring their good schools with them. If the industry comes hopefully they'll promote good schools. <SEP> Because I know the town that I come from the large I B M plant has something to do with the top rated high school because of their tax base for one. Plus for the type of student that's going to that school it's going to raise the level of the school because your parents are engineers or chemists. You're most likely to do better in school. They're going to help you. <SEP> You hope. You hope. I think. I don't know. I just think it's a duty of the parent to do that. My parents always helped me. And I don't know. It's just like you say. It's the way you're raised and the economic situation you're in. I can see some lady. She's twenty-one years old. And she's got four kids. A kid in. Her first grader. I don't see where she's going to have much time for them. So I don't know. It's just. I guess you just have to wonder. Is it up to the. Is it. Who's supposed to make the change the state the federal government. Where's the money supposed to come from. Is it. I don't know. Actually I think it should be the city level and a system level really to find out and to see what they need and not overinflate it. <SEP> What do you advocate more taxes or better management of what they got? If the teachers are getting six percent raises every year when people in industry have been getting cut back and you're getting raises every eighteen months you got to go wait a minute. We're in a recession here. Our town didn't pass the school budget this year for the first time in many many years just because people are in the recession. And they're. Even though we've enjoyed very good employment here for the past ten years. Now we got eight percent unemployment when it used to be four or five. People are going whoa. <SEP> Starts hitting closer to home. But I always it's all money. This. A couple other topics we had talked about was crime. It's all money based. What you can do unless you just get down to the parent level. And then if you're in a bad situation where you have to send your child to a bad school. Who knows. Bu-. Maybe we need some more Catholic schools. Support the church instead. They seem to have done a good job in the past. In some places you couldn't go to a public school. It was miles down the road. And the only school you could go to was the Baptist school or the Catholic school. So. <SEP> They're a lot more strict. I don't. You have to learn. You aren't given the chance to screw off all the time. I don't know if I would do that to my child though. So pretty much though. I don't have any good ideas or anything that would contribute. This isn't a subject that I think a lot about because I'm never faced with it because our school system in Vermont it seems to do a really good job. <SEP> I know I'm in the. The only reason I asked about secondary schools or advanced education is because down here going to the University of Texas the education I'm getting is kind of shoddy for a public school. Is it? I don't think I'm getting what I should. But in Texas it's next to free because they pay so much of it. It's state supported. That. <SEP> But at the same time it's not like going to M I T. My engineering degree will be nothing like somebody coming out of M I T. And it's really too bad. But that's. I don't know. I think it just builds on the foundation that they've already built. You get people out of high schools and junior colleges that don't have the background for an M I T kind of curriculum. So. So you have to go to a lesser engineering school. We have a very good public school up here. And a degree out there means a lot. It's a very good school. It's University of Vermont. We also have some two year college. There's a four year colleges. They all have a pretty good reputation. But like you say you.
sw2160.txt:. There. Did I reach the Dallas area? <SEP> I beg your pardon? Did I reach the Dallas area? You've reached Dayton Ohio. Dayton Ohio. I'm from North Carolina. <SEP> You're from North Carolina. Where in North Carolina? In Raleigh. Raleigh. So. My name is Fernando. <SEP> My name's Mary. Fernando glad to know you. So do you. How'd you find out about this? <SEP> I was visiting my son down in Dallas. And. He works for T I. But his wife has a contract with T I. And that's how we learned about it. Because I'm down at N C State. <SEP> And so I took a class. And he said sign up and get some money and just talk for five minutes. So are you ready? <SEP> I'm ready. Let's get started. So what do you think that. What do you think we can do to solve the crime in America? <SEP> If I knew that I'd be a very wealthy person. But what are the steps? You have to see. The way I look at it you have to think first of all why. Or has crime increased. And if so why has crime increased? The problem is that what happens is that as you go from the country to a city crime always increases? <SEP> Because in the country people still respect the property of other people. And so as. And the people in the country don't want as much as the people in the city. <SEP> What happens is all those that don't have any money in the country move to the cities. And they rush to get the same thing. They say why can't we have the same things that these other people have. And the thing that we can do is we need money for drugs. And what we have to do is we have to go get some stuff steal it and then just resell it. It's easy. You said the magic word there. Which one? <SEP> Drugs. And that certainly is one reason why crime here has increased. That's the main reason I think everywhere. Because you have deaths. You have murders. And you have people stealing other people's stuff. And that's. A lot of it has to do with drugs. <SEP> It doesn't have to do. The thing is that it's like you might be standing somewhere. And let's say you're driving out. And you're driving back home. And it's late at night. And you stop by one of these twenty-four hour gas stations joints. And somebody walks in there with a gun. They're going to want the money. And you can tell by the people who are always caught that these people are there to get money for drugs. They don't want the money so they can do something else with it. <SEP> They don't want the money for food. That's for sure. And so. But something that many people don't realize is that you can go back as far as nineteen fifty-one and fifty-two and find that there were drug dealers at that time trying to influence the high school kids. Because I'm a retired educator. <SEP> And in fifty-one and fifty-two the police came to the high school where I was and were telling us how to recognize when kids were on drugs how to recognize the pushers outside the one entrance that they were giving their drugs away in order to get the kids started and so on and so on. So it's a problem that's been around for over forty years. And we're just really now trying to figure out how to cope with the problem because it has grown so huge. There's a song that I know which says tha-. It's like in nineteen eighty-eight nineteen eighty-nine the local state and federal governments spent the least amount of money on crime in America. And their figures are so. It's like compared to weapons or stuff like that you're spending nothing on crime in the country itself. What you're doing is you. It's like you have other things. You have the AIDS. We're going to try to solve the AIDS problem while some people are getting killed here and there. <SEP> And then. And another one of the problems is that the people who are the dealers the big dealers in drugs may be part of the power structure that's keeping us from spending the money in that direction. <SEP> But those people never get caught. The people that I. That's right. They'll never get caught. Their theory is that if I'm surrounded and I'm going to be caught I'm going to try to find my way through. And they're not going to take me alive. <SEP> But I have such a big army outside of my place that nobody can touch me. That's right. But they'll. It's like. Of course I might be the leading drug dealer here. But you won't find me dealing in drugs. There's no connection between me and the people that were caught. <SEP> That's right. That's right. And they. One person doesn't know the other person down the line. <SEP> But the guy at the very top the one who's really making the millions and the millions is the one who also many times is part of the power structure and had the political pull to keep the interest or the emphasis in some other direction other than on the drug dealing. Because it sure is monstrous in this country. I was at a party on Saturday. And this guy comes over. He goes how you doing. He started talking to me. And this guy was from Jamaica. <SEP> And he's got his little brother selling drugs. And he goes I just came up here to work. And I go you did you make very good money up here. He goes I make a lot of money. He goes. And in the movie GOOD FELLOWS. <SEP> Might. Did you see it? I only heard about it. In one part the guy goes out of jail. And within two months he has all his house payments gone everything paid. <SEP> And he had enough money to. It's like those guys at one point they had so much money that they didn't know what to do with it. Really. Even in our prison systems they're finding that they're having drugs smuggled into them. That was also in the movie. <SEP>. Mary. Been nice talking with you. We've been talking for five minutes? <SEP> I beg your. We've been talking for a little bit. I appreciate the call. I enjoyed talking with you. Same here.
sw2775.txt:. Tell me about your home. It's an older home. It was made back in the early sixties. It's a pier beam house. <SEP> Got three bedrooms one bath and that just makes me scream. That's pretty tough. What area do you live in? I live in Houston. I see. Is that pretty typical for your area? <SEP> For the neighborhood I'm in. This is one of the more established neighborhoods. That sounds real interesting. I live in a suburb of Dallas. And I live in the basic three bedroom two bath home. So at least I have two bathrooms. That's not so bad. But it's pretty typical for the area as well. I've always been interested in older homes personally. I think you can end up doing more with them. What about yard space? Do you have a big lot or anything like that? <SEP> The whole lot I'm sitting on is roughly half an acre. I see. About half of that about a quarter acre of that I've got a garden. That's nice. Because I have just a very small you know those basic tract houses like that. We have a very small yard. And I do have garden. But it's extremely small. But it seems like though for your area that is sort of different. In a big city like that most houses would be sort of like what we live in. Just a basic tract house. <SEP> In the newer neighborhoods and development communities the houses are so close together. If your neighbor is having an argument you can here it blow for blow. That's exactly right. That's the way we are. One thing we have that we really enjoy here is we have a hot tub in the back. So we have quite a few parties. And seems like everyone that lives around us ends up hearing every conversation that goes on outside with everyone. So that's true. That is one thing that I don't enjoy about it is the houses are too close together. But it's fine for now. Hopefully eventually we'll move in a larger home. The only thing that I don't like also is the rooms are so small. It's very difficult to arrange furniture and things like that. So. Are your rooms in your house bigger since it's a sixties home? Because it seems like then that they built the homes much larger. Is that true? <SEP> And they've got better closet space. New houses that I've seen. That's really it. That's a plus. At least we do have three walk-in closets here. So that's maybe not so typical. But. <SEP> It helps a bunch. It really does except when you have to fill them up. And then you get those Visa bills in. And. Anyway anything else about the area about. Can you compare yourself to any thing around there. <SEP> Most of the neighborhood I'm in is pretty typical. This whole neighborhood was built between sixty and sixty-five. So it's. Everybody has got a pretty good size yard. <SEP> I got probably the biggest. If not the biggest yard I've got pretty close to it in the entire neighborhood. That's nice. That is nice. But too the only bad thing too is that then you have to keep up. You have the yard to deal with. <SEP> I enjoy that though. And. Do you. You must have more time than I have. I'm sitting out here right now. We had this terrible rain. And I'm looking at the yard and seeing how tall the grass has gotten. And it seems like. That's. I almost wish I was in an apartment or something. <SEP> It's rained. I don't know do we just terminate this or do you have to talk for a certain amount of time? Do you know? We can. After you go to somewhere between five and ten minutes they'll get a little master recording on this. <SEP> Can you tell me anything else about the house. Are you working on it? Do people around that area seem to do a lot of renovation? This entire neighborhood everybody keeps the places up real nice. That's nice. The town that I came from is a older town. It. The typical homes there are early nineteen hundreds late eighteen hundreds. <SEP> And I renovated a house there. And that was so much fun. There if you don't live in a house that's at least seventy-five to hundred years old you're just nobody practically. And that was a good experience for me to learn a lot of discipline. And was considered typical for that area. So it was quite a change for me to come to a house like that now that's just a very square little box. And there's not a whole lot you can do with it. But anyway. Living in the city has some advantages. That's true. <SEP> If given the choice I'm getting out. I have lived in a small town for. This town was less than ten thousand people. And it was about sixty miles south of Dallas. And I didn't move out of there until I was twenty-seven. And that was just. So I love the big city. I had lived in a rural area for so long. So I've enjoyed it. But it can get kind of tough. It's like a rat race sometimes. That's just something I'll never adapt to. I don't want to be a part of the rat race. I want to be basically just kind of left alone. <SEP> If I want to sit around and mess with my garden I'll mess with my garden. If I want to work in the flower beds. It sounds like you enjoy working outside as well. I. <SEP> Very much. I really do enjoy that. But I haven't planted anything yet. Or I usually have gotten flowers coming out the gazoo. But I haven't done that yet. I've had finals this week. So I'm just kind of trying to stick in with that. But since that's over with now maybe I can get this yard in shape. Do you do a lot of gardening? <SEP> Landscaping is more than the gardening. In the garden I've got my beans peas. <SEP> I've got some onions out tomatoes. I'm not real sure what they're going to do this year. I never have much luck with tomatoes. I do plant a lot of beans because it seems like the bugs get on them so easily. And I have a real problem with anything like pesticides or anything like that. So the only thing that I use is soap. I spray the plants because they say supposedly that will keep the bugs off them. But I don't have luck with that tomato plant. So I hate to spray them with anything. What do you do? Do you have any tips you could give me? <SEP> My favorite one is to put dust. And that stuff has been around since the beginning of time. That's true. That's true. My dad is a farmer. I've heard him talk about that forever. I guess it works. But you have to really wash your vegetables after that. So it won't make you sick. Let's see what else do you do to your house? <SEP> I've done some rewiring on it. Eventually if we stay here I'm going to have to rewire the entire house. Do you plan on adding any rooms or. You have enough space. You could probably do that. Or is it. <SEP> I've talked about adding at least one more room and definitely adding another bath on. I would think so if you only have one bathroom for three bedrooms. That's tough. Do you not have a half bath. Not even a half bath. That's rough. The house that I used to live in had one bath and a half. And that was even just with two people. That was a pain. <SEP> The only thing that saves it with the schedule I work and the schedule my wife works we're getting ready to go to work at totally different times. So that. It's not like we're tripping over each other in the morning. That's good. That could account for a lot of marital problems. I think. <SEP> You get to know each other very well if you have to share a bathroom. It doesn't work if you're trying to shave and she's trying to put her eyeliner on. And you're both fighting over the mirror. <SEP> That's right. It does not make for a happy situation. That's true. Do you have any children? I've got one. One child. And they enjoy where they're living? <SEP> We'll. He's nine months old. So he doesn't know. I guess he's a big help out in your garden. He likes to dig around a little bit. His mother comes in and says why did you let him play in the dirt. <SEP> I guess he's enjoying himself. That's right. It's healthy. Why not. He was eating the dirt. I wouldn't worry about it. It won't hurt them. I was a big dirt eater supposedly when I was a child. And I turned out okay. <SEP> So don't worry about it. Just let him enjoy himself. You think that you want to move away from the big city? That's what I've always. I was raised up in a town that was about ten thousand people. So you're just the opposite from me. You want to go back to that. <SEP> After we got married we ended up moving to the Houston area. Are you from Texas? You are. So it's not. That's true. Houston in itself is a pretty tough place.
sw3242.txt:How did you like that topic? I don't know. I've got mixed feelings about the topic. Do you? I don't. <SEP>. I'm pretty opinionated about that and many other things as you well know. I agree with it. I think a company should be able to test any employee any time they see fit. I just don't think there's a place in our environment in the work force for drugs or alcohol either. <SEP> I don't believe in drugs or alcohol. But if you'll remember when the teachers had to take the T CAT they were talking about drug testing us. <SEP> And we were laughing that we'd have to go to that examination to prove we could read and write with a specimen of urine. And we found it belittling. You did? <SEP> I can sort of understand that. But not being a teacher as you are I was not quite as sympathetic as I probably would have been if Kay were a teacher or something. That's true. But. <SEP> But then at the same token I'm not against. Because I look at airline pilots bus drivers people that really have other peoples' lives in their hands truck drivers. <SEP> That's right. That's right. <SEP> It's supposed to be a huge problem with truck drivers using drugs and alcohol. That's right. And I think it is a big problem with them using drugs from what you read. <SEP> And. But. In those areas I really do believe that maybe we should clean up our house. I think so too. <SEP> I agree with it. I know Kay's company. They started it couple of years ago. And so many of the people even the professional people they were so against them doing that. And I thought to me it's quite simple. You either need a job or you don't. The job is what provides all of your needs. And if they say you can't do this work I'd say I agree I won't do that. And I think most of them have agreed to that now although they didn't like it at first. I think it's just like anything else a new concept. As I said if I have to go to a testing area with my urine specimen I was insulted. It is. I can see where you would think. That is belittling I'd probably feel the same way if I had to do that. <SEP> But at the same token in education we can't do random drug testing on kids. That's true. Their rights are protected. You bet. They would really raise a stink if that was to happen. <SEP> What. But if you're going to do teachers or professionals why not do the kids when we see them and they're under the influence. <SEP> I agree with that. I wouldn't be opposed to it at all. It's just our bleeding heart liberals that would fight it tooth and nail. That's true. But Lynn I've enjoyed talking with you. I don't know how long we're supposed to carry on a conversation do you? <SEP> It's three minutes. And the clicker comes in when it's time to. We'd better keep talking because I've not heard it have we. Have you heard it? <SEP> Anyway we both sort of agree on it don't we about random testing. Do we agree or unless it's not me. <SEP> Listen. Here we go again. <SEP> If you agree that. I believe that truck drivers and people that have. Even though teachers have other kids lives in their hands if they come in stoned or they come in drunk. <SEP> And there was an incident in my children's high school where a teacher stayed drunk. Is that right? You just don't think of that happening with teachers. <SEP> And he. I really don't. When I think of drug testing I'm thinking of the outside of education. We are as susceptible a society as anybody else. <SEP> I know that. But you don't think of that first hand normally. And. <SEP> Did you hear on the news where the teacher of the year was up for child molestation. Isn't that mind boggling. <SEP> It was on the news tonight. It's mind bog-. I agree with you. I know teachers are just like everybody else same problems the same good qualities as anybody else. <SEP> Then I think if push came to shove I'd probably be drug tested. Because it does. You think the benefit would be greater than the. <SEP> Because as I say I'm sitting there fussing and fussing. And yet I know of one teacher who was an alcoholic in school as well as out. And that was in your children's high school. <SEP> Isn't that amazing. And my children brought it to my attention. I never was there to see it. If it was true there I'm sure it's true with just about every school there is. <SEP> Because they represent a pretty good. <SEP> And that's not giving a good example to students. They don't need that example. But.
sw2566.txt:. Do you have any children? I don't. <SEP> You don't. Do you? I have one. A five year old daughter. <SEP> Did you ever have her in child care? I do. She was at a private. I stayed off work with her for little over of a year when she was born. And then I had her at a private sitter for two two and a half years after that. <SEP> And how did you choose that sitter? She was referred to me by a couple of people. And she turned out to be wonderful. I couldn't have asked for anything better I don't think. I didn't want to send her straight to a day care. <SEP> And even though she was that old I still didn't want her to go to a day care. And this lady you would think it was her own. <SEP>. She's real good. It's hard to find people like that. It is. And now I have got her in a Montessori school. <SEP> And she's really really doing good and learning a lot. And actually I've started working up there in the afternoons too. <SEP> That's neat. Y-. I guess. I'm going to quit as soon as the school season's over. But I really enjoyed being with her up there. I hate it for her. She has to stay that much longer. But. <SEP> Do they have classes for them during the summer too? They go year-round teach them. Now in the summer they have a lot of field trips. <SEP> There's a field trip just about every day if they want to go on one and stuff like that. It's a lot more lax. But they still go through all their curriculum as usual. What kind of questions did you ask about the private sitter before you took her over there? I ca-. My husband and I both went. We kind of give her the third degree. <SEP> I'm glad to hear that. We went over to her house. So we told her pro-. We just told here we'd be over that day. We didn't tell her when. So that way I didn't think the house would be cleaned or anything for me specifically. <SEP>. And she had a daughter. And I want to say her daughter was six or seven right around first second grade. And at the time she kept one other child about a four year old. But it was only a part-time basis. So we went over there. And we questioned her about what she fed them and what she did with them during the day and just how she treated them how her daughter was with the children when her daughter got home from school and stuff like that. <SEP> And we really seem to be pleased with her. And. Did you introduce your daughter to her before you made your decision? <SEP> And she still loves her to death. When they see each other they just love each other to death. And she literally spent almost the entire amount that I paid her on my daughter. Either making her clothes or buying her things. <SEP>. <SEP> So we're real real lucky. But aft-. So she stayed with her about roughly two years. And she had to go back to work. They had some other expenses that came up. So she had to go get a real job. Get a real job full time. So. <SEP> So what made you decide to put her in a Montessori school? I checked a lot of places out the Kinder Cares and the stuff like that. And I live in Garland. <SEP> And there's this Montessori school that's nearby. And it had been recommended by some friends of ours. But it's an older place. And so I checked out all the new places that were near us. And then I checked that place out. And even though it was older it was real comfortable and kind of homey. <SEP> And they didn't just play all day long. I noticed a lot of these other schools that I went and or interviewed at they did a lot of play work and stuff. And then they. Almost all of them had a Montessori section. And I thought that must be pretty good if everybody's trying to incorporate a little bit of it into their school. <SEP>. And they made sure they pointed it out. But after I looked at this place and I took Randi with me just about to every place. One place I think I didn't take her. <SEP> And I just kind of let her go see what she felt like doing. And that place. If somebody came and she liked them and she went outside with them. <SEP> So I felt more comfortable at that place. That's the true test. <SEP>. And she was real comfortable. And she has really really done good. I. It's hard to tell how much has been that or how much is just her. <SEP> But she seems to me to be pretty quick and smart. And she's already reading and writing and stuff like that. That's good. And she just turned five last month. <SEP> That is good then. I think so. I didn't want to rush school at her the whole time. But. <SEP> Especially we're going to spend the next eighteen years in school. Exact-. I wanted to quit my job so I could stay home with her the next five months because I know she's going to have to face that. <SEP> <SEP> And. Here we go. That's right. I just hate that. But. So you don't have any children. Do you have any nieces or nephews then? <SEP>. I have a nephew. He's a little brat. He goes to a really crummy day school. My sister's not real bright. But he's always sick. He has always got some kind of cold or something. <SEP> And I don't know. I don't think this place is a very good place for him. It's just kind of convenient. And she's the kind that goes for convenience over anything else. Just easy to get them there and stu-. <SEP>. That's a shame. <SEP> I don't think she checks things out very well. Which really surprises me. That's scary. <SEP> It is scary. I was petrified. I know. <SEP> I would be too. That's. I don't know. That's just it. And that's why I don't mind paying more. I don't know. I just feel m-. <SEP> Too many horror stories out there that. And that's one reason I like working up there a little bit is because I know what's really going on. <SEP> That's right. I think that's an ideal situation. Because you don't know. Because at her school as soon as you drive up it's got a circular type drive. They sit. And they have car callers. And some kid goes out and gets the kid. And it's time to go. <SEP>. At first that always kind of bothered me. Not bothered me. But I thought I'd like to see what she's doing. <SEP> But now that I'm there it's a lot more convenient because there's so many kids that doddle. When their parents come. <SEP> And it's hard to get them out. And a lot of parents have places to go and things like that. That's right. And it's late at night. So now it doesn't bother me at all. But. <SEP> Is that where the. Over there off of. I'm not sure what the street is. Is it near Country Club. And all. Sixty-six. That one that's set back in the woods? <SEP>. <SEP> I've seen the signs. That's it. But I've never actually seen the place itself. <SEP> It's pretty set far back off the road. It w-. And that's something I like too. <SEP> Because a lot of those places are like the one over here on seventy-eight Skaggs. <SEP> That little Kinder Care whatever it is? It's right there on. Which this is on a highway too. But it's set back enough to. <SEP>. There's a difference. I would be scared to death my child might accidentally get out. Or if that seems like a real accessible place to where you could go in and get one. <SEP> Ye-. <SEP> That's right. Or a car accident. And that was one of the places I had checked out. <SEP> And it was brand new when I checked it out. And of course it was beautiful and clean and smelled wonderful in there. But I that. <SEP> I didn't base everything on that. <SEP> Because that all wears off. That's right. That's exactly right. You get some kids in there. And it's over quick. <SEP> But I've been real pleased knock on wood. I'm scared to death her going to public school. <SEP> I don't know. I w-. I do know why because drugs and everything else. I would be too. <SEP>. And they talk about how soon they start that. <SEP> And that scares me. I know. It is scary. You're just with them. <SEP> Do they teach them in school right now where she's at about drugs? They've had police officers come in and talk to them about it. But of course they still have no concept of what in the world drugs are. <SEP>. But. <SEP> And what to do when they're faced with it. But I just think of her. Next year she's going to be five six years old in kindergarten in same school with ten year olds. Isn't that sixth grade. And that's a big gap. <SEP> It is. And I can honestly see the peer pressure there. And that just terrifies me to death. And stuff. <SEP> I can see it too. Those kids getting snatched. And I'm probably a little too over protective. <SEP> But nowadays you have to be. Nothing wrong with that. <SEP> You do. If. I don't think there's anything wrong with that. I at first thought when I didn't have kids. I was going how can you be so protective? <SEP> But it's easy now. Now you understand. <SEP> That's what I'm thinking what your mom and dad always used to say when you have kids of your own you'll understand. That's exactly right. And I do. <SEP> But. Are you married? Are y'all planning on having kids? Or. <SEP> We'd like to. That's good. Because they're really neat. It's just.
sw3195.txt:What is your practice as far as budgeting? Do you manage the money? We talk about it. But I'm usually the one that sits down and puts the pencil to the paper and tries to somehow make the ends meet which. I see. That's how kind of I am too. Are you married? <SEP> You are. I think the women for the most part end up managing the money. My husband always says he earns it and I have to spend only what he earns. It. <SEP> I don't mind the spending. It's just that trying to get what you need out of what you have. That seems to be our challenge. I don't work outside of the home. And he always threatens that when I spend more than what's coming in I have to go back to work. <SEP> I see. So I manage it. I'm at home also. So it does get rather interesting trying to survive on one salary. Do you actually follow a budget? <SEP> We pretty well do. Several years we didn't. And we found that we just weren't making the most of what we had. And so we set aside a certain amount each week that goes for things that have to be paid for. Just our bills. And then what's left we divvy up. We try to save a little bit although we're not always successful. And then the rest of it just goes for normal weekly needs. That's pretty much the way we did in the past. I would say. At this point our children are grown. And so I really don't have the obligations there any more that we have to balance to get things together for them. <SEP> And I really just keep very good records. And most of our expenses are fairly the same every month with the exception of utilities and things like that. And I try to keep my MasterCards and things paid currently. <SEP> I don't always succeed at that. I usually keep one with a low interest rate. And I put things on there that I think I'm not going to get to. And then I have another one. But for the most part our mortgage and our utilities at this point we're in a new home and they take a pretty big chunk compared to what they used to. <SEP> So I'm still getting used to that. But we make sure that we just do not buy unless we really can see how we're going to pay for it ahead. And we do not buy us new cars. Do you get into car. <SEP> We had new cars always until about four years ago. My husband owned his own company. And it went under. And so we could no longer afford that monthly payment. And now it just seems just such a large amount of money to spend that we do have a used car. He has a company car also. But for our personal car we have a used car. Do you think that it's wiser to buy used? We do for us very much so. In fact we are in a position that most of our friends wonder why we just don't go to a new car whatever. And I said look you guys are all into car payments. We haven't had car payments for so many years. I love it this way. And recently we just created the laugh among everyone because we had a car that we really liked. And it has eighty-two thousand miles on it. <SEP> And we kept saying wouldn't it be great if we could find another one just like it. Believe it or not we did we found one one newer. <SEP> The worst part is it's the same color. And so everybody's saying you're kidding you have two cars the same. <SEP> And I said you know how when you have a bad one you say never again. That's right. I said we had one and we found one with just seventeen thousand miles on it. <SEP> And it's an eighty-five. And so I said this was a cinch. We paid for the car. And we still know now that we have this car to put all the miles on. This is for all the long running back and forth on interstate driving and things. And we intend to replace our other one with a much newer car in the next couple of years or next year probably. <SEP> Do you buy from dealers or from individuals? Generally from dealers. And it depends because I don't like to sell what we're trading in to an individual unless we have done that when we had a really good one that we wanted to sell. <SEP> We were going up to a larger one. But we have found that by trading in and going through a dealer we always make a deal. We have walked out of more dealerships saying don't bring us the manager and all of that unless you want to bring him right away. You're going to get one shot at us. We will. And they say you're kidding. I s-. <SEP> This is the price we're going to give you out the door. We don't want to hear about taxes.
sw2653.txt:So I own a P C A T at my home. I could never justify owning a personal computer at home. That's quite an expense to look for. Who is this. What do you use yours at home for? That's actually a good question. My wife works out of our home. She has an office. And in fact she sits in the office. And she uses it to compose and print out letters. <SEP> Now. So that's a very regular use of it that she has. And in addition to that I tinker around with it. I'm a computer scientist. <SEP> And so I write programs to do little things. I'm actually working on a data base at home just to keep track of things nothing special. And also I'm interested in writing some programs that will kind of remind me of things remind me that Wednesdays is trash day and the like. I'm a electronics tech. Years ago T I sent me to their computer school down in Austin. <SEP> So I learned to repair one. But I never really learned to operate one. That's a key thing. Actually that's a. There's really two issues to that that there's so many software packages available today. That just require no programming. So that yo-. In other words when someone built that software packet they had to use the programming. But if they were careful they could make the use of it totally without understanding how the computer works. <SEP> But I think you really hit the nail on the head. For the average person is exactly what he can use it for. And if your wife isn't working out of the home and sending letters. Or if you don't want to build a data base to keep track of the nuts and bolts in your garage. Whatever. Your issue is then there really. Space is a handicap with me. I live in a motor home. I see. <SEP> And I'm preparing for retirement. I see. Congratulations on that. And I'm not to far from it another year and a half. Actually one other thing I might ought to mention is that they are actually getting quite cheap. <SEP> But just like the computers. Remember how they started out running three four hundred dollars. The calculators you mean. <SEP> Calculators. I beg your pardon. They sure do. I actually was thinking about upgrading mine very recently and kind of look at the whole spectrum. You can actually buy a whole brand new computer not a slow one or inadequate one but a pretty good one for six hundred dollars. You're kidding. <SEP> Including a printer? Actually I wasn't including a printer. But you can buy a printer now for a hundred dollars. So make it seven hundred. A hundred? <SEP> A respectable one? Of not being particularly interested I don't keep track of prices on them. But that does amaze me. The prices had plummeted. You can buy just the guts with the power supply the box and the mother board of a type of computer called an eighty eighty-eight for about two hundred dollars. <SEP>. And then the keyboard is another fifty. The monitor with the card that drives is another hundred. And then the disk drive is two fifty. <SEP> What is a good brand a inexpensive. That's the deal is you're not buying brands now. You're buying these knock offs. So there's. Probably the way to do it if you really wanted to buy one is there's a magazine called COMPUTER SHOPPER. It's a big magazine. It's twelve inches the narrow side and seventeen inches the tall side. <SEP> And it's probably an inch thick a thousand pages. But the magazine is full of these computer mail-order houses. And they're all competing with each. So you just flip through there until you find a eighty eighty-eight computer. It's the original P C. So it's. We call the T I an I B M P C compatible. And you'll find the monitors forty dollars and the card that drives the monitor that goes in the back of the board for twenty-five dollars which is amazing to me. <SEP> And you mix and match. And then you do it by mail-order. But there's no real brands. It's probably a half a dozen companies around the world that are making those mother boards the main computer the circuit board. I see. How do you go about getting one of those a catalogs? They're available in the B Daltons that type of thing. <SEP> You'll notice that although it's a magazine it's large. And like I said it's about an inch thick. Getting back to the P C -s. I'll tell you. I. First of all I don't like a machine that's smarter than me. <SEP> And secondly I did learn this much about computers. They are pretty stupid because they add one and one up and come up with ten. In binary. That's right. There's great. <SEP> Anyway that's one ever my favorite jokes. One and one equals ten. That's great. <SEP> Course it's kind of an inside joke. You can only tell that to somebody who understands binary. I understand. That's great. That's a good joke. <SEP> So. Do you work with a computers at T I? I did for years. And then I was a scientist over in central research labs. And just recently I've changed my job to actually do some of the marketing. Now I type that one. But I don't use it anymore. <SEP> I just recently started using one. In connection with my work. <SEP> I keep track of an inventory here. And of course that is where a computer is very handy. I agree. <SEP> And it's my responsibility to see that equipment is sent off to be calibrated. I'm with the Q R A lab. Qualification and evaluation. I see. That's fascinating. <SEP> So naturally our equipment has to be in top condition and is constantly calibrated. And they're dated. So I have to keep up with them. And it's very handy doing it on the computer. <SEP> I just run a printout every week. And it puts me right up-to-date what I have to do what I have to ship what I should be expecting to be returned. So a. It is handy. <SEP> And I must admit that up until I did start using one I had very little interest in computers. But they are amazing. They certainly are. So let's see. So I guess with respect to the question. I guess we've kind of covered it. <SEP> I think we did. Nice little conversation with you Jack. Mike you take care now. Good day. <SEP> Good luck to you. Thank you. Same to you.
sw3315.txt:. My name is Leslie. <SEP> I'm Jennifer. And where are you from? Pennsylvania. Nice. I'm from Dallas Texas. <SEP> That's neat. Did you understand what it was for what we. <SEP> Television shows? That sounds good. I don't watch too many. But we can try it. <SEP> Are you ready to start? Sure am. Just a minute. <SEP> I guess we're recording now. What are your favorite television shows? I don't really watch too many T V shows other than occasionally I'll turn on DONAHUE because it comes on in the morning when I seem to be getting ready around here. <SEP> So if there's no one else around it's just me and I have a chance to listen to something I'll turn that on but just for the conversation factor I think. And then I think I enjoy when I catch it DESIGNING WOMEN sometimes. I love that show. Do you? <SEP> That is great. It's fun. And then there's a new one that started out that I've caught a couple of times called GOOD AND EVIL. I heard they just canceled that. <SEP> I read in today's paper they just canceled that show. It is a real different one. It's different. I guess I watch it more out of the uniqueness of it and the time that it comes on more than the fact that I have to see it. But. <SEP> Have you seen the show called HOME FRONT? I haven't watched that. It's really good. I think it's on Tuesday nights from ten to eleven. <SEP> And it's set in post World War Two times. And it's about how the servicemen come home and readjust to civilian life here and the changes everyone's going through. It's really interesting. It's kind of like a nighttime soap opera type thing. Sounds neat. <SEP> It is it's really well written. Is that on what station? I don't even know to tell you the truth. What other shows do you like? <SEP> I prefer OPRAH WINFREY to DONAHUE. She comes on later. And I usually have kids around so I don't end up watching that one is the only problem I have with it I guess. <SEP> I did watch soap operas. But I work full-time now and can't catch those anymore. Except when I'm home sick. <SEP> And now when I watch them I think why did I ever watch those? That's right. They're stupid. <SEP> So when I did watch them I was addicted to them every day. But not anymore. That can happen. So do you know of any other shows in the even or something that you enjoy? <SEP> Tonight I'm looking forward to seeing GOLDEN GIRLS. That's always fun. I like that show. <SEP> And if I can stay up late enough I like to catch SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE every now and then. And right now we're watching a Penn State football game because that's where we live. <SEP> It's exciting. We're winning. So that's really exciting. I think. I also course like to catch the news during the evening hours. <SEP> But it's a little tough because that's when I'm usually making dinner and the kids are wanting to talk all at the same time. So usually I don't get a whole lot of news watching in. <SEP> We watch C N N in morning while we're getting ready for the day and eating breakfast. We'll catch our news that way. Watch the weather channel so that we know what the weather's going to be like. What have you seen interesting on OPRAH WINFREY lately? <SEP> Lately I haven't been catching it because of my work schedule. I can't remember the last time I saw it. It's been a while. I don't know if we've talked our full three minutes or not. <SEP> I don't know. Sometimes they come on and say. That's right. Today on C N N they were talking about something like this about learning to recognize voices and words and stuff and the research that's going on which is kind of what we're doing helping them get a data base for words. <SEP> It was really interesting. It is interesting. Do you work for Texas Instruments? Just doing this as a fund-raiser for our church. <SEP> That's nice. So it kind of makes it easy to do a little something for it. Because we've talked to a lot of people from Texas it seems. And we thought maybe they work for Dallas.
sw2743.txt:. Have you taken anything back lately that you've bought? <SEP> The only thing we've taken back recently are plants. Shrubbery that were guaranteed. Why? And we had no problem with it. <SEP> We got our money back. Do you think that consumer goods are generally getting better or worse in quality? I believe they're better. I do too. I believe about ten years ago that we went through a terrible time. But I don't. I believe that they're better now. Wh-. <SEP> I think so. I don't think they're shoddy not as shoddy. Electrical appliances I think are pretty good reliable. However I didn't like it very well when the transmission went out on my car with sixty-three thousand miles on it. And I don't like it very well when my electric blanket that was only one year old went out on one side. <SEP> Did you return it? I had moved away. I had taken the first one back. I didn't think that it heated well enough. It never did get anything but just moderately warm. Took it back. And the people told me that's the way it's supposed to be. And I fell for it. And when I got this one it heated a little bit warmer. And then after one year it started heating only on one side. <SEP> So either you or your husband can be warm but not both. Also I took an iron back after having it only one year. I figure anybody that is dumb enough to iron needs to have an iron that will last a long time. And one year of ironing only once a week is not long enough for it to last. <SEP> Did they replace it? Without even any question. But I think it was the store. Wal-Mart. <SEP> Wal-Mart. I was going to say it must have been Wal-Mart. And have you been buying any clothes lately? Any new clothes? <SEP> I haven't bought any new clo-. The last thing I bought was a dress last Summer. And the buttons turned on it over the winter. The buttons tarnished slightly. And I have not gone back about it. That was poor quality I think. I think it is too. And it was an expensive dress. I wondered if it weren't expensive. <SEP> It was. And they should have put buttons on it that would last forever. That's right. That's what I think too. And the chain belt loop half of it raveled out. <SEP> And that was a Leslie Faye dress. And it was over a hundred dollars. You spent that much on your dresses? I don't usually. But I did that one. You're really divulging very personal information. <SEP> But I think it should have been better than that for that money is what I mean. Of course I do too. I believe that we've been talking about five minutes. I think so. And Norma it is just wonderful to talk to you. <SEP> Good talking to you too. I've enjoyed it. You are a good one to talk about consumer goods because you keep up on it all the time. We'll be talking to you later. <SEP>
sw2998.txt:What do you think the major cause of air pollution. The major cause up here is exc-. I live right on the ocean. So it's kind of hard for me to tell what would happen if I lived in some of the valleys inland. <SEP> But the major cause here is the car pollution. We don't have too much industrial pollution. Car pollution seems to be the one and only thing that I can really put my finger on here. That isn't the same in the Washington area because we don't have any major industry except for government and services. And the transportation situation is such that all the car pollution is absolutely awful. Also the worth of the hub of three airports. In this general area there is National Dulles and then Baltimore Washington. And it. Interestingly some of the information I've been reading indicates that the amount of air pollution from airplanes is extraordinary. <SEP> Is that so? I didn't know that. And that's always something that you don't think about. <SEP> Most people talk about the noise pollution from airplanes rather than the air pollution. But the. Apparently the air pollution and the fact that it's delivered right up in high altitudes is a very significant factor. <SEP> I would think so. I guess it talked about all types of pollution. I just read something the other day at least in the Boston paper there were three things that come to note. One is that the carbon fluorides that are being released into the atmosphere are causing even a larger hole in the southern hemisphere in the ozone layer. And again. And now they've located another one or rather an expanding one in the northern hemisphere. So car-. So I'm quite concerned. I don't think it's involved any longer with hair sprays or those th-. From what I understand it's air conditioning units. And we certainly turned into an air conditioned society. <SEP> Society has especially recently. <SEP> I know in Florida there's no place you go that isn't air conditioned. And I do quite a bit of business in Washington. And. You know what it's like here. It's quite. Is the un-. It's really out of the norm not to find something that isn't air conditioned. And. <SEP> And I guess refrigerators are the same way. We just had the. They release that. That's right. So solutions to this would be. <SEP> I. Improved. I guess to me the first thing is I wish society would get as upset about this as you do get getting people upset about animal rights. <SEP> This is so basic. It's human rights in the sense. But in terms of demanding it's just not caused. But demanding that we can spend so much money on certain things but that research really be directed toward improvement of polluting vehicles and not just cars but also buses planes. That something can be done. I can't imagine that. I th-. If we can't send people to the moon that we can't improve these things. <SEP> I think that it can be done simply because we've. Every car now in America that's been produced for the past fifteen years has what they call a catalytic converter. Converter. <SEP> And no lead gas came to the pumps. And that's been done. There's the lead pollution that problem essentially was licked. And I think that there are solutions. And that for buses. <SEP> Certainly we don't even need a research anymore. It's just a matter of passing the law. And passing the law depends on how heavy the automobile lobby is. That's right. And also to make it economically feasible. And also in buses. That's right. That's right. I don't know if you ever got caught in a traffic jam behind a bus. <SEP> That. The smell is awful. But I was reading the other day that diesel fumes actually have less pollutants in them than gasoline fumes. <SEP> So I guess you're better off sitting behind a bus than a car although I could never really rationalize that while I was sitting there. But even of course in the longer term just to get away from fossil fuels. <SEP> I'm thinking of research in that direction rather than. We've taken the intermediate step. But I don't think fossil fuels are the answer. We. <SEP> Up here in New England where I've. Right close to where I live is the Seabrook Nucleus site which is practically a guerilla war up here went on for years. I me-. <SEP> My daughters marched against the Seabrook. And I kind of. My feelings were that we needed this bridge to jump from fossil fuel to whatever it was going to be. <SEP> You don't throw the baby out with the bath water and condemning nuclear use. <SEP> Unfortunately though I think the oil companies have lied to us for years. So we really don't know whether there's enough fossil fuel left. Or there isn't. And. But with the pollution issue fossil fuel is not the way to go anyway. <SEP> So you've got to look elsewhere. But it is something that's a little frightening. And in fact I. Within our family we have said. My husband. I have two sons. One is already in college in New England. <SEP> And the other will be going in September. And we just feel that when we leave this area we're going north not south. I like the mentality north. And I also like the fresher air up there. <SEP> That's right. So that's the way we will be going. So I'd be interested in having spoken with somebody also from the far west on this issue to see how their attitudes are. <SEP> Since Texas and Louisiana and California in that ranking order the worst pollutants in America. I read that the other day. Louisiana for a small state it was amazing. But it's the industrial pollution I should imagine. <SEP> And California seems to be taking steps. You read about the fairly stiff laws they put in on cars now they're enforcing. The smog and. <SEP> But again that didn't occur without a crisis. Nothing will occur without a crisis. Even California was notorious for its smog years ago before it even was an issue out here. <SEP> The greatest thing that happened to pollution in the last couple of years as far as I'm concerned is the no smoking rules on airplanes and in restaurants. <SEP> And it really is a pleasure for me although I guess smokers don't think that. But that to me was pollution. That's personal air pollution. <SEP> That was its most personal pollution that I can think of. I definitely advance that. Listen I enjoyed speaking with you. <SEP> And let's hope there are other people that feel the same way. Something happen. Thank you. You're welcome. <SEP>.
sw2163.txt:. I was trying to get my children quiet for a minute. <SEP> Credit cards that's an easy topic. Isn't it. <SEP> It is. It's one we all hold dear and near I'm sure. I guess I've had some good experience and some bad experience with them. Most of mine's been pretty good although I guess I'm like a lot of other people now. I'm trying to pay off my credit cards. And I've done pretty good at it. I do fairly good until I go in the store and I see something I want. Not need want. <SEP> <SEP> There is a big difference. There's a big difference there. But most of mine that I use is strictly gasoline. <SEP> I do that. I do that. Like I said the rest of them I've been trying to pay off and get back on a cash basis except for gas. It's too easy to run into the gas station. It sure is especially when you work out of town and everything that way. <SEP> And. At least that's for me. <SEP>. But. I've talked to some who's really had some bad experience. And I haven't yet not bad. <SEP> That's. I'm just shocked at the end of the month to see what damage I have did. But I try to keep it pretty reasonable. <SEP> I've been pretty lucky in that respect. Like I say I've been trying to not charge except for emergencies. <SEP> But I haven't really had any bad problems with credit cards. There's. They have wonderful features. They're there when you need them. Like in emergencies or whatever. And then they have bad drawbacks too. High interest. <SEP> It's awfully easy. It's like paying twice. That's true. That's true. So. <SEP> I try to. I did switch to one sponsored by the credit union though. That seems to be a pretty low interest. Compared to some of the other ones. <SEP> And you don't have an annual fee there. And that helps. We used to have several. But right now we're just more or less at American Express. And that way we can go ahead and pay it off when it comes in. <SEP> That's one way to do it because that forces you to pay for it instead of saying I'll just pay on it this month. Pay fifteen. <SEP> And. I know. And when you pay fifteen dollars a month it sure takes a long time. <SEP> Takes a long time. That's right. It sure does. And now without the benefits of being able to deduct interest off your income tax that's. <SEP> Of course it's been going down for a number of years. But this is the last year you can take anything. So. I've enjoyed talking to you. <SEP> I've enjoyed talking to you. And maybe we'll get to talk again. <SEP>
sw3809.txt:. You probably more up on this subject than I am. But the roles that women have played in the last couple of generations. That. <SEP> They've entered the work force more since World War Two is when they started. You bet. And I think that that is very significant that the percentage of the work force today consists of such a high percent of women. You bet. Where I've noticed it more is. I'm a traveling salesperson. And I have traveled most of my life. And I know just especially in the last ten years and really. In the last half of dozen years I see more and more women traveling. <SEP> As far as boarding planes and driving cars and calling on customers. I sell sporting goods. And even in our industry there was really and truly no women as far as selling the type of things I sell. And even in the last five or six years we see more and more women being involved. And it's a credit to them as far as how they're doing things. The. You see more of them leaving their children in the care of their husbands while they do travel too. You bet. <SEP> I have a club that I belong to on Tuesday that. One of the girls travels quite extensively. And she says my children have two parents. Why not. You bet. That's sort of neat. So I think that's a change. And I think that's a change you're going to be seeing more of in the future people having that kind of attitude that the father's going to take more active role in child rearing. I think it's the age old thing. Every once in a while you read in the newspaper or you'll see it on T V or something where the discussion comes out that women are paid less than men. And they're carrying the same job responsibility. <SEP> And that's a very true statement. And it shouldn't be that way. <SEP> That will change in the near future also. I hope so. A-. It's been changing. It's been evolving. But there's still an inequality in the work forces or jobs. <SEP> It's. I've. And you hear some people say. He's a man. He needs that salary. <SEP> They forget. Also I think a good argument for that is in the area of politics. If a. A woman Congressman makes as much as a man Congressman and the same as a senator or whatever. So they certainly deserve it all the way. But I guess just the most significant thing changed for me again as I mentioned was just in traveling. You see more and more ladies of all ages with briefcases and in their business suits and going. <SEP> And going. And I expect you're right in regards to having two parents now. That's a good statement. And I think if. In the future it's even going to be more noticeable and more significant. <SEP> I think it will be. I. Another thing I read too the other day is. The car designers are starting to design cars with women in mind. Because in the past the male bought the cars. But now they're showing that fifty-five percent of women are actually making the new car purchases. And that they are looking for different things in the car. The man is looking in the engine. And the woman is looking to how easy can she slide in under the steering wheel. Can her makeup come off the upholstery. You bet. <SEP> Good point. And if they're out there buying that many cars then there's that many out that are self sufficient and mobile and working. Right now I'm self employed. And my wife's always worked. She's a schoolteacher. But for. She started working. And then when I first started my business. She was selling real estate at the time. And hers was the only income we had for three or four months. So. <SEP> She certainly did her part in help getting me establishing in my business. And she still works everyday. So. We all do. You bet. <SEP> I just happen to be off today. I work too. Enjoying it. <SEP> What kind of work do you do? I'm a nurse. <SEP> And I work at Medical Treatment Center which is at Jupiter and Arapaho. Married? Trying to think what else I can say in regards to this subject. <SEP> I don't know. I'm kind of out of things. You see the old cigarette ads about you've come a long way. You've come a long way baby? Baby. And. <SEP> You think about this when it comes to a subject like that. And it's really true. Women have come a long way. And.
sw3304.txt:I guess we're recorded. What. Do you have any hobbies that you like to do? <SEP> Cycling computers backpacking just about everything. I generically have millions of hobbies. That's an interesting assortment. <SEP> My husband is into cycling. In fact he's out there right now before it gets dark trying to get in his miles for the time. <SEP> I'm not quite that bad. I'm just a weekend cyclist. Do you do any handicraft type things I think was the question. <SEP> Handicraft type things. Whittling or. Just whittle away my life. I c-. Nothing like that. <SEP> I do some things. I've gotten into. I like to decorate things. And I do sweatshirts and T-shirts. And I've gotten to where I have started selling them at craft shows and things. That's pretty good. And I have done fairly well at them. I've had. A few of my little hobby projects have totally bombed. But most of them have worked out pretty good. <SEP> They. My only craft work is kind of like computers and go off to the little computer club meetings. And it's kind of nice because I've made money at it too. Considering I work for it a living. But I've got a couple of articles published. <SEP> It's kind of neat. What does a computer club do. I didn't know there were such things. Just all over the place. They just get around and talk techy or else. Half the members are really expert. And the other half are really not. <SEP> And we kind of help out the people who are really not. You're not into hacking or whatever. <SEP> I think I'm a hacker. But I'm not the dial around randomly trying to break into computers type hackers. That's one of those sports I don't go for. That's kind of interesting hobby. What else did you. You said you did cycling? <SEP> What was the other thing? Backpacking. Backpacking. We. <SEP> I belong to a Boy Scout troop. It beats paying United Way. I just donate a whole bunch of my time to the Boy Scouts and have fun. We have done that. Our two older boys were in Boy Scouts. And my daughter was in Girl Scouts until just about a year ago. <SEP> So we've done a fair amount of that in our spare time also. But it. I. That's a great thing to do really. Have you been backpacking anyplace exciting? <SEP> Just last weekend went to Davy Crockett forest which is kind of out in east Texas. <SEP> And we go to places out in. Let's see. What's that state north of us. That state. That one. That one. That one. <SEP> And. To the. By Fort Sill there? To a old Indian fort that's out there. Trying to think of the name of it. No memory. <SEP> Have you gone to Fillmont with the Boy Scouts? I missed out this last year. I wasn't able to get the time off but maybe next year. It's a good possibility. I've always thought that would be a real fun thing to do. <SEP> When I was a kid we'd do the equivalent thing in the High Sierras. That was loads of fun. Does your whole family like to do it. For a vacation you'd go backpacking? Not quite because I'm not a whole family. I'm just me. You just. And you volunteer for the Boy Scouts? <SEP> I rent my kids. Sometimes. It's better than owning on them and making payments on them and things like that. <SEP> Sometimes I think that might not be a bad idea. Have. You said you did it in the High Sierras. Do you ever just vacation someplace where you strictly backpack? <SEP> Not recently because the Boy Scouts makes it so that I go once a month. Someplace. But there's some stuff that I want to do with Sierra Club and go down to Grand Canyon or something like that. They have lots of tours where they get a bunch of people together and off you go. <SEP> Which seems kind of reasonable because that means you don't have to take twenty thirteen year olds with you which seems just a tad more relaxing. I. Probably. Probably. That's. My other things that I like to do in my spare time I like swimming. <SEP> Which is in now. I've done that. And I also. When I like something I usually try to figure out how to make money off of it.
sw3344.txt:Let me just start by asking what you think of this Middle East affair we've got going on? I think that it's time that we concentrate more on what's going on within our own borders than what's going on in the Middle East. I have to agree with you there. I think that for once we shouldn't even be at these Mid East talks because with the exception of our hostages we shouldn't have too much of a real interest in deciding whose land it is. Just let these people fight it out. <SEP> I agree. We've got so many domestic problems. And what does it cost these people over there. So how about the Soviet Union. What do you think's going to happen there. The break ups? <SEP> I think that's great. I'm glad to see that. But again I don't want to see us pour a whole lot under any circumstances because. I'm a believer in the old adage that if somebody earns something it's worth more to them than if you give it to them. And so I'm not much in favor of it. But I'm glad to see us advising them. That doesn't seem to cost a whole lot of money. That's right. That's right. <SEP> But I'm ready to have a President elected that at least has some sort of a domestic agenda. Even if it doesn't work at least he is somebody who is working on that problem. And I haven't seen that in the last eleven years. So they don't seem to have a clue. All I've seen. Reagan obviously wasn't too concerned with the domestic side of his political affairs. I think Bush's kind of followed suit. International is important. But we've got a budget deficit that just won't go away unless it gets seriously addressed. And then there's the homeless issue. And there really is a lot we could be doing stateside without hurting our international aspects or straining any international relations I think. And we wouldn't have to spend the billions and billions of dollars each year that we're spending. <SEP> I agree. Once we started economic aid overseas we have really set ourselves up to be sort of the world bank as far as aid is concerned. And I think there's a limit. And we passed it a long time ago. I agree. We've been writing off way too many country bad debts. <SEP> That's another thing I don't understand is things like selling technology and even military hardware to foreign governments and then forgiving their debt. <SEP> To me that just doesn't make any sense. As much in debt as we are. I know it. I don't know. I think it's definitely time for a change. But I don't see anybody. I don't understand too why we have to have Democrats and Republicans. And it's either one way or the other. It seems to be we're turning into a black and white society. <SEP> You either do it this way. Or you do it that way. And there's no in between. That's right. You're either liberal or you're conservative. And it obviously isn't working. I think it wouldn't hurt. And I know the Independent Party's been trying for years to get a real force in Congress. But you're right. There's just too many issues that come up that our senators and our congressmen vote on simply because it's a Democratic issue or it's a Republican issue. <SEP> And if they would vote with their conscience and with what their constituents feel I think we might have a lot more efficient running government and a lot better laws passed. I agree with you. Of course we have the national embarrassment in our state Jessie Helms. <SEP> And as soon as we can get. Of course it seems to me that every time he opens his mouth he just lines up people against him. So it's not too often that you see him swaying too many opinions. He's usually on the ninety-eight to two side. He's the one of the two that votes. He's one of the two. <SEP> He's very ineffective I think. Let's see. Senators are in for six years. <SEP> And when did you guys vote him into office? Unfortunately nineteen ninety. You're stuck. <SEP> We're stuck with him for a little while longer. But unfortunately for him but maybe fortunately for us his health is not great. I hate.
sw2027.txt:I don't know about you. But where I am we have an extremely lax dress policy at work. And it varies every day. From jeans one day to business suits the next. It's pretty bad. But it's true. They tend to try to be real lax. And supposedly the policy is like we hire these wonderful creative people. And we don't want to smush their creativity. We want to go ahead and let them do what ever they want. And you really will see people in jeans one day and business suits the next. <SEP> I'm kind of that way too. I work in the legal department. And where we are now what we're doing is some very big lawsuits that happen to have a heck of a lot of boxes of documents. And I get to toting around boxes of documents several times a day. It always seems like I'm doing that. And I can't see getting dressed up and wearing heels and stuff when you have to carry boxes of documents around. So if I'm just going to be there working in the litigation center and doing odds and ends and stuff with the boxes of documents I dress down. But if we're going to have a meeting where we're having the attorneys come in or other party's attorneys and stuff then I normally dress up. And I'll wear a dress and hose and stuff. We're kind of that way too. I try to. I'm the same way you are. I kind of try to judge from day to day. I know where I am we work a lot with the customers. And we have a lot of government folks come in all the time. And if I know that they're going to be there I try to really watch it and like you say really dress up. <SEP> And if I know they're not. I've been doing a lot of reorganization the last couple of months the same way you are. And it's just impossible to crawl down on the floor and dig through boxes in a dress. <SEP> That's right. That's right. It is. And so. As a matter of fact I thought I had one funny story. When I was at T I the first year or so we were sent out to our record retention facility to look through two thousand boxes. We had them in the warehouse. <SEP> And at that point the warehouse was over across the road. And it wasn't air conditioned. And we were there in the middle of the summer. It's unair-conditioned. It was dusty and dirty. There was a fan at the very end of the row. And that was it. And so we didn't really know we weren't supposed to. We thought T I dress code was just dress appropriate to your job. We wore shorts. We didn't know that was a big no no. <SEP> And the supervisor from another area came up to us. And this area where record retention is there's only a few people that work there. And he knew who worked there. He should have realized that we weren't regulars in the warehouse there. And he came up to us. And he just said who's your supervisor. He called our supervisor and our supervisor's supervisor. And it went up all the way to the head of facilities complaining that we were wearing shorts. He didn't at least say to us did you know you're not supposed to do that. That could have alleviated a big problem. We ended up getting called out on it. How awful. It sounds like Mister Power Hungry. <SEP> Just yesterday though I saw a girl in the spine out here at Lewisville that had on a pair of shorts. And I don't care. You can call them split skirts. And you can call them culottes all you want. But these were shorts. That's all they were. <SEP> I don't care what else you call them. If they're below the knee. Maybe you can call them split skirts. If they're above the knee they turn into shorts. And these weren't even really full ones. They had a problem out here with it last summer wearing these shorts that were the real wide full ones. And these weren't even those. These were pretty short black. And they were very dressy. The were black velvet shorts. And she had on black hose and black heels. And she looked very very nice. <SEP> But you don't wear shorts to work. As far as I'm considered she was in violation. And nobody says anything to them. It's always been a big problem in Lewisville in the summertime. If they just. The management doesn't ever seem to want to cut off that. This is wear we're going to draw the line. This is shorts. <SEP> And nobody will ever kind of take control and do that. So it always gets annoying because the rest of us are going we have a pair of those at home too. It sure would be cool and comfortable to wear. But. <SEP> I've seen some people try to just come in over the weekend because they want to use the TexTeller machine. And they have said no. And then during the week you see these women in the. Just because you put on a pair of hose with them doesn't make them not shorts anymore. <SEP> I've never seen them do it without hose. They always have hose on. But still they're shorts. I don't care what you say. They're shorts. I think T I's dress code is pretty lax considering everything anyway. <SEP> I didn't know that E D S has a very strict dress code. I had a friend. Do they really? I had a friend who worked there for a year or so. And they spell it out. For men it's particular suits the pin stripe and the particular colors of shirts and wing tipped shoes. <SEP> It is definitely lined out. Women are not allowed to wear slacks. You wear coordinated suits. I couldn't afford to work there. And a particular kind of shoe so high heel. It is spelled out. <SEP> When I was looking at her materials when she first started she had her benefits package and all that kind of stuff. And it told about the dress code. And it said these are the color pastel shirts you may wear or white shirts with this kind of stripe in it for the men and this kind of shoe and hair just this way. T I -s says no shorts and no halters. I know that's it. <SEP> And E D S is very particular about this hair cuts. It was like you can't have such and such facial hair no beards and just really detailed. I don't know that that would be a good environment to work in. I see. I am more. I don't know about anybody else. And a lot of bosses may say I'm nuts. But I am more productive when I'm in pants. <SEP> I am. I work faster. I get things done faster than when I'm in a dress and heels. I. And it's weird. But I can get so much more done if I'm dressed comfortable. The time we were there at the warehouse we felt really bad because we had another person coming from Washington our outside counsel. And she was told that we were going to be in a warehouse. But she really didn't get the idea that we were in the warehouse part of the warehouse not the office to the warehouse but the warehouse. <SEP> And she came with skirts just like she'd be going into the office. And we'd try to say didn't you bring any pants or anything. We're out here in the warehouse. You got your skid of that wooden pallet of boxes. <SEP> And you're going to have unload you skid look at the documents in the boxes and then repack your skid. She was so hot and miserable in the skirt. You can't do that in a skirt poor soul. <SEP> She finally tried to go buy a pair of pants. But it was just completely miserable for her. That's terrible. That's terrible. I don't know. I just figure. Sometimes I worry about if I go in in pants. And I never ever ever ever go in in a pair of jeans. But I'll go in in pants. Today I had on a pair of navy blue dress slacks and a peach colored top and not cruddy but not a dress either. And sometimes I wonder if stuff like that will hold you back if you don't dress in your dress for success business suits everyday if upper management doesn't notice that and remember that later on. But I don't know if they do or not. I see a lot of the managers. And they're in jeans. So. <SEP> Some of our people in the legal department. We have assistants to the general counsel. And it's funny. Because there's one that always wears a suit. A matter of fact he's never seen without his jacket to the suit on buttoned. And then there's another one who's a little younger and a little more yuppish. And he's always kind of in the khaki pants and a shirt. <SEP> And sometimes he wears the jacket to it. And some of the patent attorneys have been real casual in their clothes. And then other ones tend to always wear a suit with a very starched cotton shirt. So that's just. Isn't that funny. <SEP> With the little suspenders or something on. We've kind of had a variety there. That's great. But I think a lot of times it's mainly who they're going to meet with. Or they're meeting with people that they know is going to be dressed that way then that's how they are. <SEP> If they're just going to be meeting with T I -ers to talk about a patent kind of thing and they're engineers that they're talking too they dress kind of like how the engineers are dressed. And they're usually casual. That's the smart way to do it. It really is because you're making. When they're meeting with the engineers who they know are going to be dressed down if they come in in a six hundred dollar three piece suit it's going to make the people they're meeting with feel very uncomfortable. Or it would me. <SEP> It's one of those slippery attorneys coming in here. Look at this slick guy. I wonder what kind of money does he make. I can see it now. It was good to talk to you. It was really enjoyable. <SEP> This is kind of a fun project. It really is. I've done some of the other speech programs. But we've never got to talk to another person. It was always just talking to the computer. <SEP> So this is a little different. It's kind of enjoyable. I'm really looking forward to it. A lot. <SEP>.
sw3113.txt:. I guess because I work quite a bit with lawyers that I find a lot of things are so specialized that I'm not sure. And I look at it more from the civil side of things that juries have any sense of the value of and worth so that they have real problems when it comes to. They can find guilt or innocence. <SEP> But then when you quantify things and might also hold criminal trials for how many years is appropriate that they might leave it to somebody else who has expertise in that. I agree too. I don't think the jury should be the ones that put the sentencings down. I think the judges should. Or even a panel of lawyers if it got to that point. Might be better than just regular civil people. Not knowing exactly what things are from murder on up to tax stuff. <SEP> Because I find that. I've been on a few juries. And as a say I tend to be around civil cases because I've been an expert witness some. And many matters are so complicated that it's so hard to come up with the fair value or the fair sentence. And one thing that you get if you have some expertise is the range of possible values or terms or how heinous was the crime. That. When I only do something one two or three times I'm hardly an expert on it. And most juries over a period of five or ten years you might sit on three. And. <SEP> And so how do you relate as to whether this particular armed robbery was worth five years or twenty-five. That's. And most people that do sit on juries. Some people just sit on them once in their lifetime if they're that lucky sometimes. Or whatever the case may be. And may not have any idea of what the standard punishment would be for it. <SEP> And they may have some different idea. It might be more important for them to put a sentencing down that was longer that the punishment didn't fit the crime. Or not long enough or whatever the case may be. <SEP> I think the judges do have better knowledge of it. The only thing I worry about sometimes is if you get somebody in there that has a name that is the defendant and sometimes might have more pull which that does happen. We can't say it doesn't because it does happen. Not everybody has the right morals sometimes. People can be paid off politically or whatever the case may be. <SEP> And sometimes that's not real fair either though. So. One of the others things that gets me on the juries is that often in the newspaper I tend to hear two things that go on. One is you often see in the headlines the big numbers. <SEP> And many of those get overturned or get reduced in terms of sentences or get changed by a judge or an Appeals Court. And that never makes the press. And so when you or I as an individual gets on a jury we tend to have certain mental images of what's what because we see the headlines. And we don't have again a lot of knowledge. So we don't know what is really going on what is really the range of sentences or awards that are actually in the end applied. <SEP> Also what I don't think is fair either is when you have a rapist come in. And his attorney gets his sentencing reduced because he's gone to a lesser charge like assault or something or. But that doesn't make any sense to me either. I know it's hard to prove rape and whatnot. And the person that was raped or whatever doesn't. It's embarrassing and all this other stuff. <SEP> And they're put on like they were the ones that caused it or whatever. But to me when you do the crime then you should pay for whatever you did. And you shouldn't be able to go on the lesser charge. I don't think that's right because all's that's going to do is say that was a breeze. I can go out and do it again and have the same thing happen. That's not right. <SEP> That's where the role of juries is restricted. And I'm not sure I'd want to change that aspect of it. One is it's restricted in the sense that juries only decide the charges that are actually brought. If it's first degree rape second degree rape or whatever they only get to decide on that. This person has been charged with first degree rape. And you can decide guilt or innocence on that. <SEP> Such like maybe in murder they get to choose whether it's premeditated or one or two of the lesser degrees. The other thing that juries are restricted on that you usually don't get to hear all the information. It's what information is presented. And I don't know that juries have a right to know more because in a sense we call those safeguards. But often juries hear only a fraction of the story when they have to decide guilt or innocence. And to me how can you make a decision if you don't have all of the evidence in front of whether it pertains to the case or not. Somebody thinks it had because they've got it there. <SEP> So the two lawyers are the ones that have all the information. And the truth that's brought out is as I say when I've heard about. Don't they? <SEP> The oath is to tell the truth. The whole truth and nothing but the truth is that they want. They don't want the whole truth. You can say. They only put part of it. <SEP> The. Because stories look very different when you hear different parts of the truth. That's just like that old witness game. It's a game kids play too. But somebody did it just for your train of thought where they showed something. And they asked. There were four people.
sw2615.txt:I don't know what the the last thing I've done as far as car repairs go is change oil and filter and that kind of stuff. I haven't gotten really involved in anything extensive in car repairs in probably a year or so. I think the last thing I did of any significance was change the water pump on an Oldsmobile. I had a similar thing that I've worked on cars ever since I was a kid. And that was some time ago. But I've gotten to the point where the newer cars are getting so complicated to work on that most of the cars. I try to buy as simple a car as possible. I know what you mean. <SEP> So changing the oil changing the spark plugs. And most of them now you don't go through the ignition stuff anymore because that's all solid state or fuel injected. Or fuel injected. And so there's. So there goes the carburetor. And if the fuel injection system breaks down there's no way in the world you're going to work on that. <SEP> There's no way. Somebody once said I had a car that said fuel injection on the side of it. And a woman asked me what that meant. And I said that means that I can't work on it. Basically that's it. They've gotten so complicated or so high tech that average guys can't really go out in the garage and do a whole lot of repairs. <SEP> I've got an eighty-four Chevy van that's a one ton van with a camper conversion on it. It's got the good old three fifty standard engine in it. <SEP> Regular gas engine. And that engine I understand. I can actually work on that engine. I used to have uh Chevy van. It was a short van that had the three fifty in it. <SEP> And basically it was a motor. And you didn't have all the other junk around it. And you could get to it to work on it. <SEP> I had to change the water pump in that here about a year ago. And it was really fairly easy. Take the grill out and the radiator out. And you can just stand there and work on it. The hardest part about water pump changes is getting all the junk off before you can get too it. That's true. You're right. By the time you've finally got down to it. I was hoping I could remember where all those other things went. That's kind of the way I was. I tried to remember as I took stuff off where it went. And I don't think I had too many nuts and bolts left over when I got it all put back together. <SEP> A few years ago I had an Oldsmobile diesel. And the. It. After about a hundred thousand miles the injector pump went out on it. And I bought it when we were living in Lubbock. When I came back here I brought the car back here. And I don't know diesels got pretty unpopular. And you couldn't sell the thi-. Though for what you could get for one you might as well drive it over a cliff. And the injector pump went bad. So I found a outfit down here to rebuild it. And reinstalled that. <SEP> And that was probably one of the most miserable things I had gotten into in a long time. I don't think I'd know where to start with a diesel. I-. Diesels don't require mechanics. They require plumbers. That's true. <SEP> And. I think the closest thing I've come to a diesel is I've worked for a tractor repair shop when I was in high school. And we used to overhaul farm tractors basically. And they were nearly all diesel. But as far as cars I've never never been involved with them. <SEP> The injector nozzle and stuff in the big diesel farm tractors what are about the size of your thumb. And the-. And you can get to them. You can get to them. And the ones in the diesel cars were little tiny things and just almost impossible to do anything with. I. <SEP> I've had a lot of good service out of that car. But I finally gave it to my son. And he drove it literally into the ground. He was out at Tech. And he finished it off. I guess you're right. The diesel has almost fallen into unpopular status. I don't know exactly why. One of the reasons is. I'm beginning to wonder where do you get gas at. I su-. I don't know if it's still limited like it was. I don't notice it probably because I don-. <SEP> What. The availability? You mean the diesel availability? I don't notice. But maybe because I'm not looking for it. <SEP> I'd bought a G M C diesel pickup and loved that thing. I really liked it. But it turns out a pickup wasn't what I really needed. And it was the van that I needed then to buy the. Traded it in on the Chevy van. But sure enjoyed it. But you got the three fifty in the van? <SEP> The three fifty regular gas engine. That's what I like because they've got plenty of power. And if you treat them right they're not the gas guzzlers I think that they've got the reputation to be. I'm convinced that Detroit or whoever it is made a major mistake years ago when they stopped putting the small V eights in and went to the fours and some of the sixes. <SEP> Co-. I'm convinced that the small V eight like the Mustang's original two eighty-nine or some of the Chevy two eighty-threes were good little V eight engines that were not gas guzzlers. <SEP> But they had enough power t- pull all this weight. And the four cylinders just don't have it. <SEP> I think the little Chevy V eight when it started out in fifty-five was two sixty-five something like that. Not whole lot more than the six cylinder that I think was about two thirty-five or so. But they kept boring that block out to where you could get a small block four hundred that was the same block just kept boring it out and boring it out and stroking it a little bit more an. I think those little V eights could have been made to be pretty powerful little engines if they would have gone with it. But. <SEP> That was a short stroke engine it could really wind up. The two little cars I've got now. Bought a Mitsubishi Mirage here a couple of years ago. And it was normally carbureted. And it's fairly easy to work with because there's not just a whole lot in it to go wrong and changing the plugs and stuff. That's kind of like. <SEP> My first car was a fifty-six Mustang. And over the years all. I had a Dodge pickup several years ago. And I can't remember the size of the engine. It was a three oh seven or something like that. But I remember working on those cars. You'd open the hood. And there was basically nothing in there but an engine and a few things. <SEP> Now you open the hood and it's scary. Like you say it takes a plumber to figure out where all this stuff goes. <SEP> The friend of ours over here he's got sixty-five or sixty-six Mustang the six cylinder. And I was look under the hood of that the other day. And like you say you can see the road. <SEP> It's amazing. If you had to you could climb up in there and do what you needed to. You could stand in there if you really wanted to I guess. My dad's got a new. I guess it's an eighty-nine or ninety Chrysler something or other. It's one of those transverse mounted V sixes front wheel drive. <SEP> And he was showing it to me. And we're looking under the hood and everything's nice and clean. And you can see the three spark plugs there in the front. And I said where are the other three. And he'd never really thought about it. <SEP> And he says hopefully I won't have to change them before I trade it off. It's going to be a problem getting back there because it was shoved right up against the fire wall. So they just about complicated the things so much that shade tree mechanics can't do much with them. <SEP> When they. Started with the newer engines. When they started putting all that pollution control stuff on the older engines is where they started getting into so much trouble. Because the three fifty with all the. Actually her-. Within a couple of years ago anyway was the last I've paid any attention to it. The three oh five was that V eight that they put in the three quarter and half ton van. And it had all the air pump and all that stuff. <SEP> The anti-smog pumps. And all the anti-smog stuff. And that was really a mess back under there in that van. And all that stuff loads the motor down. <SEP> So it's trying to push the weight plus have all this drain on it from all sorts of belts and things. But that's one good thing. I've got a eight ninety Chevy Blazer now. And it's got one belt on it a serpentine belt. It's that one that's about an inch and a half wide. <SEP> Got a bunch of groves in it. I haven't had to replace the thing yet. It looks like it would be better than having. I've got an Olds Toronado that I think's got six belts on the sucker. And I had to get all those off when I was replace that water pump. <SEP> And I had to struggle with that for a while to figure which belt goes where. It's kind of like the inside dual on a truck. When one of them breaks it's not the outside one. <SEP> It's usually that power steering be-. Or something that's way back in there. You bet. Everything else's got to come off first. Everything's got to come off. It's a pleasure meeting you. <SEP> And we'll. How many times have you done this? Is this. I've got five stickers here from T I. So I guess I've done probably seven or eight of them. I hadn't gotten any calls here in the last. This is the first one in a week or so. I haven't gotten any calls in two weeks. So I don't know if it's tapering off or what. <SEP> If it's winding down or what. I had a difficult time the past couple of times of getting answers. Finding a taker. So it sounds. It's taken them ten fifteen minutes at a time. So people are either not. No-. Maybe they're burnt out or. <SEP> Let you go. Thanks for talking.
sw3073.txt:I'm back on. You say you watch evenings mostly? <SEP> I watch evenings because I work all day. I used to watch daytimes. Mainly ALL MY CHILDREN that kind of thing. So. <SEP> And then sometimes OPRAH and sometimes DONAHUE. But now it's mainly evenings. Do you have any that you like well enough that you tape them when you're not going to be there? Which ones? <SEP> I tape THIRTY SOMETHING and L A LAW. Those are the two I like the best. Two they're going to change. One they're taking off. <SEP> I know. It's going to be history I know. I don't know what's going to ha-. We like L A LAW. We don't watch THIRTY SOMETHING. But that's kind of young for us. My husband and I are grandparents. <SEP> So we don't watch that type of show. But we like L A LAW. We like that. We're just. I'm sorry they're breaking the team up because we liked all the ones that were on there. <SEP> I know. I'm amazed. I'm not sure I like the new ones too much. I was surprised at the ending with all the funny things happening and different things. I just wonder if they just want to go on to other projects and not be stuck in this show since it's gone on for so long. It looks like it might be one of these seven or eight year run things. Where you kind of can spend your whole career on one show. <SEP>. <SEP> I know. Of course I guess that's not bad. Alan Alda did it on MASH. I know. Isn't that funny? It hasn't hurt him at all. Do you mostly like a story type of thing that lasts an hour? <SEP> I don't usually like stuff that continues. That's why I'm surprised I like those two shows because usually I like stuff that just ends sort of that you don't have to have watched. In one hour like QUANTUM LEAP. <SEP> You don't have to. That's one of our favorites. You don't have to have watched it last week in order to follow. So I usually don't like that. Which they do at the beginning of the season to grab your attention. <SEP> That's always a bummer too. <SEP> I know. Sometimes it's better just to tape record both of them and then watch it all in one. We do that sometimes. I guess I'm not into real heavy stuff. L A LAW is about the heaviest thing I watch. Mostly I'm into it for relaxation. <SEP> So I like things like GOLDEN GIRLS or CHEERS. Or Monday night is real good with me MAJOR DAD and NORTHERN EXPOSURE and. What's that one with Burt Reynolds? That type of show is what we watch. We generally just stay on one channel for all of Monday night just to watch those. Just some of the times they're continued. But mostly they're just little vignettes. A new one we found we really like is that DINOSAURS. Have you seen that? <SEP> It's really funny. They use animated. It's not a cartoon. But it's dummies and things that are used. And it's really. And robots probably. But there's always a moral to each story. <SEP> And what night is it on? We watched it. The times we've seen it it's been on Friday night. But it's. We've only seen it a couple of times. But it's real. The first one we saw it involved a tradition of when a person reaches seventy-five. And I can't remember what day they call it. But the son-in-laws get to throw the mother-in-laws when they're seventy five over a cliff. Anyway it goes on. <SEP> And the son-in-law and mother-in-law are sniping at each other and all. And then when it comes time for him to throw her over the teenaged son the night before tried to save her by hiding her. And she said no. You can't do. He was running in a wheelchair to hide her. And she said `` You can't do that. ''. <SEP> `` This is tradition. This is what old people are supposed to be thrown over the cliff. ''. And he said `` I don't understand. ''. It's real funny that they give the teenagers as the one that questions what's going on. And in the end the son-in-law when he did get the mother-in-law up to the cliff the teenaged son throws himself in the way and says `` you can't do it'' and then `` we've got to do it. It's tradition''. And the son was `` Why? ''. And so in the end he doesn't throw her over. <SEP> He doesn't. And of course the town thinks he's just terrible because that has been tradition for hundreds of years and he's broken it. And then we saw one when a teenage boy comes into his manhood. They call it the night of the howling or something like that. <SEP> And they all go out and howl. And the son refused to do it. He did. He thought it was not. <SEP> So he didn't go howl? He wouldn't go howl. So all the people that worked with the father ostracized him. How funny. It is. It's real interesting to watch the show. And the relationship between the family is really now the mother-in-law lives in the house with them. <SEP> So it's. Our oldest grandson is the one that got us to watching it. But it moves real fast. It's real short. And there's always like I say a moral to it. And. <SEP> It's just a half hour. Or is it hour? Half hour. That's all there is to it. And they. <SEP> There's not many half hour shows. It seems like that. They're trying to liken the father in there of the teenage son to JACKIE GLEASON SHOW. The way he talks to his mother-in-law and so forth. And I guess maybe there are some parts of that. But I didn't really see that in there. But what I've read about it they talk about that. But anyway we've enjoyed that. And I guess mostly I like the news shows too the news magazines like SIXTY MINUTES or TWENTY TWENTY or PRIME TIME LIVE or something like that all of those shows if I can do it. <SEP> I watch those if I. But my husband likes to watch old movies especially war movies or sports which I'm not. I like sports. I don't. I do I like ice skating. And I like gymnastics and some track and field. <SEP> But I. And I'll watch snippets of baseball games. And I just don't have that much time to sit and watch the whole thing. And no matter what's on I don't ever just sit and watch T V. I'm usually either doing dishes. Or I may be sewing. Or I always have letter writing. <SEP> I know. Or I may be working around in the room somehow. But I don't ever just sit and. That's something that comes from your old age. I don't sit. Idle hands are the devil's workshop. <SEP> I know. Who has time? I don't have time to sit I know. It's. That's why I don't get to watch that much. I watch nine o'clock. <SEP> I do okay because the kids are all in bed. But before that there's not much time. Or at six thirty I'll watch WHEEL OF FORTUNE or something like that. Our. If our grandchildren are with us they have to watch that. We don't watch it unless they're here. <SEP> I like that. I'll watch game show kind of stuff. But they. But. It's. And the kids will get you started on stuff like AMERICA'S FUNNIEST HOME VIDEOS. <SEP> We've wound up sending in one. That's something I didn't think that we'd ever do. Did you send one? My oldest grandson pulling his tooth. He wouldn't let us pull it. <SEP> How funny. And it got to the point he was eating a pear here. And he bit into it. And it was just hanging by a thread. And I'd tell him it's getting ready to fall out. And he walked around the house with his face down toward the floor and his mouth open hoping it would fall out because he wouldn't let anybody pull it. And he wound up pull.
sw2599.txt:I don't know. I'm not a real great football follower. I guess there are two basic teams that I seem to follow every year. One is the Dallas Cowboys. And the other is the Oklahoma Sooners. Being a native Okie I like to keep up with what the homeboys are doing. <SEP> I see. So you make it to that Longhorns Sooners game? Every year. It's funny. I got out and got my bachelor's degree in seventy-three and never went to a game there and have never gone to a game since. <SEP> How about that. But I always enjoyed watching them. I just. Growing up in Oklahoma there it was always the home team kind of like Dallas is around here. And there's always been an interest there. <SEP> It's kind of same for me. I grew up in southern New Jersey. And the local team was Philadelphia. And they were thirty miles right up the river. And I'm still pretty much an Eagle fan I guess. I guess you keep those things you grew up with. I worked in Missouri for a while. And I was probably the only one in the room several times when we were watching football on T V when the Cowboys were playing the Saint Louis Cardinals. And I was rooting for the Cowboys. <SEP> But they were kind of closer to home when I struck up with them. I really don't know what's going to take place with the Cowboys this year. Everybody keeps talking about the reconstruction they're going through and new players and how next year is going to be even bigger and better than the previous year. In a way that happened this past season. And I think that's quite a bit of optimism around here that still there's a chance that maybe these guys are right maybe they will come through and do something this year. I look for it to be a pretty good year. They sure did have a big turn around from a couple of years ago. They did. They got rid of a lot of familiar names and got a lot of names in that we weren't familiar with. Some of them turned out to be pretty good players. Some of them didn't. And maybe the stuff that Jerry Jones is talking about the construction and redefining the team and maybe the effort might be starting to pay off. At least we hope it will. <SEP> I keep waiting for the Eagles to get over the hump. They make it to the playoffs for the last few years. But they just have done absolutely nothing when they got there. And they've got a lot of the tools to do it. But if they can't just put it together. They have got the quarterback there in Randal Cunningham who's just phenomenal. But he's too streaky it seems. But they have always been a really strong team. And without a whole lot of big name players. They have got a few anchors on offense and defense. And they've managed with those guys. And I don't know. Once the pressure gets turned on they seem to loose it. <SEP> I guess. That's the typical trait of the Dallas Cowboys. And the Oklahoma Sooners. It's funny over the years. <SEP> I guess since Staubach left they haven't been able to keep it going. It's been a rough road to hoe ever since he left. I don't know why it's so hard to find a good quarterback these days. <SEP> That says a lot for his ability though I think. For Staubach's. He was one of the few who come through in history that can really perform. We hope. Every team hopes their current quarterback is going to pull them through. In a way Aikman has done some of that. But the guy winds up getting hurt every other game. <SEP> I tell you it's difficult in that guy's position coming into that because there he was just so highly touted by the press and everybody expected so many big things. They did. They put a lot of pressure on him from the outside and from the inside. It's funny watching them play. He's probably like a lot of quarterbacks. When the pressure is really on when it's down to the last few minutes of the game for the season is when the guys seem to really do their best. And I haven't quite figured that out. If they figure they have got it won or if there's no real hurry because the first three quarters or if something happens that that adrenalin starts flowing. They say we got to do something now. And then start playing the game the way the game should be played toward the last few minutes. <SEP> So I don't know. I'm looking for a good year. I guess we're always looking for a good year. Obviously though do you think they're going to do anything in the playoffs to make it to the Super Bowl this year. Or who do you like to do that this year? I don't think the Cowboys have got a chance. I think they will probably win one or two more games than they did this year. And they'll get close to it. They'll probably get everybody's hopes up and blow it toward the end. <SEP> So who's going to beat them? Who are they going to blow it to? That's a good question. I'm figuring either the Eagles or possibly San Francisco. I'm not real sure. They'd some big changes speaking of them. They did. So I don't know how these changes are going to help or hinder the team sometimes it brings in new motivation. And all you can do is get out of the way because here they come. <SEP> I'm sure my sentimental favorite would have to be Philadelphia. But I sure am scared of them Giants. That's true. Those guys are tough. They are tough. And they're big. They're mean. And they are going to come right through you if you don't do something. <SEP> That sure was a fun Super Bowl to watch this year. I wasn't pulling for either team. <SEP> But that was just a good football game. And it's funny. You like to pull for the underdog. And for a long time I was pulling for Denver. Marino makes me just crazy mad sometimes because of some of the stupid stuff he does. But he's a good quarterback. He's got a good arm. Sometimes it's too good because he throws too hard. <SEP> L A you mean? I mean L A. Speaking of Denver on another subject I've been up there five times in the last three four weeks. <SEP> We've been trying get this new D N B two thousand printer up and running. Has it been snowing up there? I was just up there. I just got back last night around eleven thirty or so. And it was about seven inches of snow on the ground. <SEP> And it snowed all day. That will make the skiers happy. If. It snowed that much in Denver. They got that much up in the mountains just west of there. You bet. Up around the Keystone and Copper Mountain those guys will love that. Good to talk to you. <SEP> Enjoyed it Bob. You guys have a good time keep those printers coming. We'll do it. <SEP>
sw3067.txt:. Do you have annual family reunions. Or. Our. The. My mother's side of the family was quite large at one time. And they for as long as I can remember have had a yearly reunion. Back early on they used to rotate them to different people's houses in the family. <SEP> And. All local. Were they all in Dallas? This was I am actually from Mississippi. So that's. <SEP> It was around there generally. That's where the family grew. <SEP> Just from city to city then. And it was not only in Mississippi in some other places as well. So. It was a big deal. But they tried to centralize it in one spot. So in the past couple of years they had it at a state park every year. <SEP> We rent a pavilion and do that. And that's usually works out to be pretty good. And they will rent a pavilion on a weekend. And. Do you go back? I have not gone back lately. In fact this past Sunday was the reunion. But I did not get to go. I have. <SEP> Is it choice or just business. Or. Not getting to go. Just the distance involved. And. <SEP> Just not. I have a younger daughter now. And I. It's kind of hard to get her there and everything. But I am going to hopefully next year get to go back cause a lot of the family on my mother's side has not seen my daughter. So. <SEP> Do you have brothers and sisters? I have one brother. So. And is your mother still living? <SEP> So you go back and visit with her anyway. Would you not? Either way there was family reunion time or not. I usually see her a couple times a year. <SEP> So that's no big thing. But I do enjoy the reunions. The only problem is that now originally when we had them they were mainly my mother's. Relatives. Father's. My mother's father's family had quite a few brothers and sisters. <SEP> So it was a large reunion of that group from that descendants. And a lot of those people have. And at time they all knew one another. <SEP> And now it has gotten that a lot of those people have died off. Or what we are left with is the relatives of that group. The next generation. And so it's not quite as close as it used to be. So I think people feel less of a desire to really go. I know that. <SEP> Why do you think that it's less close than it used to be? I just think that at that ti-. When they were a-. Those were all brothers and sisters a lot. Or they were all in the same geographical location. Back around in the twenties and thirties when they were growing up they were all located together in one small community. <SEP>. And when time went on the family grew and moved away and so forth. And now when they come together it's generally. The kids of those people who are not anywhere near one another and I do not think they feel the closeness that used to be there. Which is a shame. <SEP> But that's just how it is. My mother was complaining last year about th-. It's dwindling down every year. I think that's just. Is that just family's lack of priority anymore maybe <SEP> we get so involved in our work lives and just social lives and so forth. That's. I think that's some of it. But I have. I. It's just the way I think society is now is that we do not have the extensive family we used to. <SEP> It's more of a smaller unit. And we tend to try to do things with our immediate family as opposed to the extended family. Of people that we may or may not remember or know very well. <SEP> It really makes an effort to do this anymore. It requires a lot of effort to do that sort of thing. <SEP> I used to enjoy going. I still do kind of enjoy it. But it's not as many people there that I really really enjoy seeing. I. It's going just for the sake of getting together. I think for the family. And. <SEP> Do you correspond with anybody other than your mother and brother that's in that group? On a regular basis not just Christmas cards. Not really. In that. But then again I have some aunts that I do. That's about th-. My mother's sisters. <SEP> But I feel closer to them because I kind of grew up with them. But as for the rest of that group not really. And generally when I was growing up a lot of those people the only time I ever saw them was at the reunion. So. <SEP> You do not really feel that really close to them. In my father's family we get together every year at a different location either Dallas or Oklahoma City. They had chosen Santa Barbara California for this summer and did not get enough people that were willing to go that far because most of us live either in the midwest or in the Texas Oklahoma area. <SEP> So they cancelled that one and are looking next year bringing it back closer. But we have a letter a family letter that circulates. And it usually goes through me twice a year. And what you do is take out the last letter you wrote that's on the bottom and put your new letter on the top. And then that's the way it's kept in order. About twice a year then you are kept up with what is going on and when you meet them at the reunion you do not feel like I do not know anything about this person. You have read something about what is going on and about their children and so forth. That's a good idea. <SEP> So you are kind of half way acquainted that way. And that's been a nice way of keeping us all aware of each other I think. <SEP> We tried to start that in my husband's family. His mother's side decided they were going to have a reunion a couple of years ago. And I said let's start this letter. And it just never. My husband's sisters started it and sent it to us. And that's as far as it got. I sent it on to the next one. <SEP> But we are going in a couple of weeks to the next one in Scottsdale Arizona for that family. We are real glad we got together because since that time there were only one sister and one sister-in-law of the original family left. And the sister-in-law died. And the sister is in a nursing home. So we are glad that we took that opportunity two years ago.
sw2441.txt:I haven't heard anything about the proposal myself. But I don't know if it's their proposal or one that's being seriously kicked around. I haven't either. I've always felt for a long time that I think that all young kids ought to do a stint primarily in the military. <SEP>. Most countries require that now. They have it mandatory for at least the young men. <SEP> I don't know about the young women. I don't know if they have to serve in the military too. A lot. You take Israel. <SEP> Everybody does. I don't think it's a bad idea. Teaches a lot. I went in the service when I was eighteen And stayed in for ten years. <SEP> Is that right? Did a lot of growing up. <SEP> I bet. You have to. <SEP> My father had been in the military. I didn't do it myself. My father had. And that's how he put himself through school basically. He came from a poor immigrant family. And he didn't have a chance to. The family wasn't wealthy. So he had to do something to put himself through school. Do it himself. <SEP> And he did. And he was very successful. My parents wanted to send me to college. And I was dead set against it. I had wanderlust. <SEP> And I got in. And after wasting the first six years partying and everything else I decided time to settle down and do something. So I started to work on my education. Course my job was such that I couldn't do it as much as I wanted. <SEP> And still I ended up going two semesters when I got out just to get my degree. That's pretty good. But I've been in school ever since. <SEP> That's good. I guess. That's. I don't know. There's other kinds of service to the country that could be done. If you don't like. <SEP> Working in the national parks working clean up the roadsides. <SEP> I've always felt that people on welfare should be required to spend at least part of their time not all the time but at least some of their time to look for to go out and clean up the roads. <SEP> All this money that we're throwing away to pay people to go out and do things when we're paying all these welfare recipients. And if they're able-bodied people I don't see any problem at all with having them go out there and if nothing else get a group of them together and take them around to old folks places and let them cut the yards paint the houses. <SEP> We'd learn service to other people in this country. So I'm. Get something out of that money. <SEP> Country would benefit. I've. My next door neighbor when I was growing up worked for the unemployment division. And his sole job was just tracking down people who were getting benefits and able-bodied. And. <SEP> That right. And he had all kinds of horror stories. These guys go down there and get their unemployment checks. And back in those days they also use to give you booklets good for clothing and gas and things like this. They get all this stuff together and sit down and have poker games. <SEP> And I have a hard time dealing with that. What I hear one time I think it was on Paul Harvey's radio segment that he said that if the money that goes into welfare each year was to be given directly to the people without all the middle people in the government bureaucracy each person would receive forty-five thousand dollars. <SEP> I was astounded. I don't even make that. I know. You think about the layer of bureaucracy between the money and the recipient. And somebody's taking that away. And there's easily probably six or seven times that amount being spent on the bureaucracy. <SEP> No doubt. It's totally ridiculous. And when I first got in graduate school. I was going into public administration. And quite honestly I just got so fed up with it I just couldn't stand it any more. Is that right. This is the kind of thing you look at. <SEP> You sit there. And when you're writing up budgets you wonder how much money do we need. You need X number dollars for the recipients. But you need X number dollars to administer the program. Just ridiculous. This is ridiculous. <SEP> It's sad. It is. It's pathetic. There's got to be a different way. There's got to be a better way. But it'll never happen. These people out here getting that money are big voting blocks. <SEP> What would happen if the required young people to do service to the country. What should they get in return I wonder. Like. I think there ought to be some kind of assistance as far as. And I would limit it strictly to something like tuition assistance. Give an incentive. <SEP> Educational or vocational training or something. Something that's going to help them along the way. And they'll help the country eventually too because rather than having a bunch of uneducated people we can have educated people. <SEP> This. Look at the statistics. And that's only going to help. It's sad. One in five Americans can't read. <SEP> Adults that is can't even read. And we've got the lowest rates of the civilized countries in science and math. What are we becoming? We're becoming a service country. <SEP> As opposed to what we were twenty years ago. We were an industrial giant. And now we're not going to do it because everybody is beating us at the game. We taught them how to do it. And they did it better than we do. Simple as that. <SEP> Because they have the ambition I guess. Simple as that. Which is good for them. But on the other hand we kind of lose out. It's terrible for us. <SEP> I think that if young people had service to the country might give them more ambition. Because they learn that serving other people is a good thing. And it can be good for them too. <SEP> Even the greedy kids that we've got now. You go to the mall. And you see fourteen year old kids flaunting money because the parents give them money to go down and play video games all night. I know. <SEP> For what. I know. Give me the money. And I'll teach them something good. You know why they do it is so they can get them out of the house. <SEP> That's my other complaint. Parents aren't parents any more. They've relinquished their parenting. One of the other subjects is do you think the public school systems are in trouble? <SEP> As a substitute teacher for a year I can say. I talked with somebody else about that another time. And when I's in graduate school working on my master's degree in math I was teaching as part of the program. And I just love teaching. That's probably the most fun I had. And it helped me out because I learned things and learned how to do things differently. <SEP> And when come time to get out of school I thought I'd like to teach. But for what. <SEP> I don't want to live in a little one bedroom apartment the rest of my life. That's a sad thing to think. And that's kind of selfish on my part. And I admit that. In a way it is. But you have to look out for yourself. <SEP> That's right. That's some-. And when we pay garbage men more than we pay teachers. That's wrong. <SEP> I'm not saying that garbage men should be paid less. I saying teachers should be paid more. They do an absolutely necessary job. I have a great deal of admiration for these people who can go out there and do that. But there's a sense of priorities here too. <SEP> We need. What's more important picking up the garbage or educating our kids. They both have their place. They. <SEP> But when it gets right down to it. One's import-. On the other hand you take a garbage man in New York City starts out at twenty-six thousand dollars. That's pretty good. I bet you there's a whole bunch of homeless people up there who would take that job for thirteen thousand dollars a year. <SEP> My other pet peeve is unions. It's ridiculous the way unions have gone. There was a time when unions were needed. <SEP> And they served a good function. And they served a good function. But there are enough laws on the books now that unions are outdated. And they're only there to perpetuate their own power structure. I remember the company my dad worked for the people there went on strike against the management. It was a steel manufacturing place. And they. This was during a time when the import steel was so cheap. And they were having a hard time. And they told the strikers there. We need you to come back and get this stuff done. Or else we're going to be out of business. And they wouldn't come back. So they went bankrupt. <SEP> And they all lost their jobs. And that's really what happened to the steel industry in this country. And it's. <SEP> So many times you had the coal miners and steel workers going out at the same time. And that took care of that industry. That's right. And I'll tell you. Detroit worked awfully hard on stopping car manufacturing in this country. <SEP> And they're trying to do that now with the imports. We've never caught up. And I don't think we ever will. It'll be a tough road though. Here it is. And we've got to go into partnership with the Japanese to build cars. <SEP>. And they only did it because they were embarrassed that they're so good at it. <SEP> That's about right. Back to the original subject. I think youngsters ought to go out and do some public service. I don't care what kind it is. It teaches them pride in their country. And pride in themselves too. <SEP> That's right. You could organize something just within your community. Same old thing. <SEP> That's right. That's like Eagle Scouts. And that's a great idea. I think they ought to take them and just have sort of like a manpower pool and say. We need somebody.
sw3838.txt:. If you're from Iowa you must be very artsy crafty. Everyone I've ever known from the Midwest can do everything with their hands. Actually I'm from California. And before then I was from Utah. So. <SEP> I didn't know anyone ever moved from California to Iowa? I grew up in California. And then I went to school in Utah. And I got married there. And we stayed there for a while. And then now we're in Iowa. I'm teasing only because I'm from Indiana. <SEP> I like the Midwest. But I married a Texan. And they have a way of dragging you back home. <SEP> Anyway we're supposed to be talking about crafts. Do you have any hobbies that you do things with your hands like knitting or. I crochet. And I do water color. And I sew. And I do fabric painting. <SEP> You do a lot then. Do you do needlepoint also and cross stitching? I've done some cross stitching. I haven't tried any needlepoint yet. How about you? Actually I'm pretty untalented. <SEP> I used to do a lot of knitting and crocheting. But I don't know. Somehow I don't have the time anymore. But I have all these friends that wherever you go they sit down and the next thing you know they pull out of their bags their most recent needle craft. <SEP> And in December everyone was doing stockings these gorgeous detailed minute tiny stitch stockings. <SEP> Those take a lot of time. I only can do things that are pretty fast because we just got our baby last year. And I just don't have the patience to just do something. <SEP> Is this your first baby? Have you crocheted or knitted any baby clothes or baby blankets? I crocheted an afghan for our bed. That's the only thing. And I did a quilt. Let's see I've done a quilt for our baby. And I've done a quilt for our bed. But. <SEP> Did you embroidery the pattern and then quilt it yourself. Or how did you make a quilt? Our baby's quilt it was like the design. I just went around the design in the quilt. <SEP> I didn't piece it or anything like that. But. But you actually hand quilted it yourself? And. <SEP> Did you need a loom. Or were you a-. Was it small enough that you could just hold it? I put it on the quilting frame. Are you familiar with that? <SEP> But again my mother back in Indiana. We had a quilting frame in our basement. And she would quilt whole quilts by herself. Which. I was always amazed. I have one of them. But to have the quilting frame and then to actually do that it's a tremendous amount of work. I haven't done tons of them. But I used to do more before we got our baby. But. <SEP> You think children. You can use crafts to make wonderful things for children. I think when babies. I think afghans and the crocheted little sweaters are wonderful. And they'll wear them. <SEP> Once they get old enough to talk then they no longer will wear them. One thing that I like about this fabric painting thing is I can just make a T shirt and put a little ruffle around it and then cut out a little pattern from some material like flowers or something and make a design or a little arrangement or something on the shirt and fuse it on with Heat and Bond or whatever and then paint around it. And I usually sew around the flower whatever first. And then I paint around it. So you can't see the stitching as much. Does that make sense to you? So. I think it's very clever. It's funny that you said. For Christmas my daughter and I received matching sweat shirts that a friend had made for us. A beautiful Christmas design. <SEP> And they were matching. And they were lovely. But when I washed them although I took the precaution of turning them inside out. And truly everything fell off or most of it. <SEP> So I went and bought just some cloth glue and glued it all back. And I bought the paint and redid most of the edges. <SEP> And it was salvageable. And I. But it's. So I'm familiar with that. But I think you're very clever to sew around the edges. I think gluing alone certainly if you wash it any amount of time it tends to kind of come loose at the edges. Someone told me that they had done it both ways. And after hearing that I always sewed it on a loose zigzag even helps. And.
sw2365.txt:. As a matter of fact this past weekend since we had a long weekend I took on a painting project in my bathroom. And I had wallpaper up. I had to completely strip the wallpaper off and then spackle holes and then paint that. And it took me all weekend. Because the wallpaper getting it off I had to wet the walls down. And that had to dry. And then the spackling had to dry a day. And then the painting took another day. You didn't try rewallpapering? You just. <SEP> I just painted. Did you use a textured paint. Or. The wall behind the paper was smooth. So I just used a semigloss. <SEP> And. Did you get good results? Not really. I need to. It looks so bad you can see where those spackling marks were. <SEP> I need to either paper back over it or do something. But it didn't cover it? <SEP> It covered the spots pretty good. But it just didn't look as smooth as I wanted it to. We did a. We moved last August. And we're getting a house. My house had this dark wood paneling at the end of the den. And we decided. We went to one of the paint stores. And they just said you can get by. And I forgotten what it was you put down and then you can just paint right over the dark. More or less. After about uh half dozen coats it looks reasonable. But it kept. The dark. It was just a real dark wood grain type paneling. <SEP> And it was smooth. And we put this stuff on. And it supposedly textured it or did something to it. But because of the dark behind it it was really hard to cover. And. Was it like a primer? It was something like that although when we got through I wished we hadn't done it. Because we were trying to make the house look nice to sell it. And we were painting it and trying to make it. And it really was. The advice they give you is. The job was considerably tougher than we thought. <SEP> Particularly when you try to. I was talking to somebody else who had a lot of wood panelling. And they had gotten somebody to come in with an estimate. And it seemed like it was a good sized den with a lot panelling. And the people quoted thirty thousand dollars to paint it or something. That's an awful lot. Have you tried getting outside estimates to see what it costs to have something painted? <SEP> Not inside. When we bought the house that we live in right now we had a company that came out and painted it. That was one of the requirements from F H A that the house be painted before we bought it. And it was fairly reasonable. We have a brick house. But all the trim around the house was. <SEP> If I remember right it was like five hundred dollars. That's quite reasonable. <SEP> So that wasn't too bad. Problem i-. Have you tried matching paint lately? I haven't. My wife. We built a shed over the long way. Actually it took. This is not on the topic. But I did finish it. But my wife went to the Home Depot and took a piece of brick. <SEP> And she wanted to paint the shed. It's a wooden shed. And she took it. And they've got this machine that matches the color of paint. And they got. And in fact she put some right ba-. She got. They mixed a gallon of it. And it's just remarkable how close it will match the paint. And it does it electronically something magic. <SEP> So they did do a good job? They. But it's electronic. <SEP> You put your sample under this thing. And it looks at it and determines the. And it's really remarkable. The problem they had. And then they wanted some gray to do the trim. But didn't occur to them that they could have taken a sample from. <SEP> I forgotten. This is Sherwin Williams Paint or something. But. It's remarkable. That's one of the problems though when you start painting to try to get the. You want this to look like this. And you want that to look like that. And of course if it's all white you're all right. But when you start getting into colors. Have you had problems getting colors to match? <SEP>. As a matter of fact what we've got ours painted now is kind of a light creamy color and a blue. And the blue even two years later or so it doesn't match. <SEP> It's the very same type of paint and everything. So you. So what's your. What's the solution then? <SEP> I have no idea. I repainted the whole thing. At least you'll get very good at it? <SEP> You could go back and paint the whole thing over. This is an interesting topic that they would bring up painting. Because it seems like everybody has to go in and do. I'll just do a little bit here and a little there. <SEP> Although the. It. We almost one day. We painted the house to. We painted the whole inside. And it had all this dark trim. We thought. We did the one wall but the other trim. I think we left most of it because it gets to be. They don't do that in the newer houses now. We don't. The mold everything is white. <SEP> In a new house everything is white. White. That's what we're trying to get ours to look like. Good luck. We wound up selling the house. <SEP> I don't know whether it made. It does. It's interesting that the white makes the rooms look bigger. One of the. In our down stairs in our dining room it has molding like picture frames that are along the walls up a couple of feet. <SEP> And my wife painted the insides of those dark blue. I see. And it makes the room look remarkably smaller. <SEP> She painted the insides dark blue and then the trim what color? The trim is still white. <SEP> The molding. White. <SEP> But by. And she did that all the way around the room which makes it look very attractive. But it makes the room look smaller which is. <SEP> It explains why they have everything white. But you wouldn't think that I. <SEP> Maybe that understands colors would know all of that stuff. But. <SEP> What about the lighting? Did it make a big difference? Not particularly. Because the house has so many windows. It has. The living room has four good size windows. And of course at night. But with the. We have a soccer field that's about a hundred yards from our house. <SEP> And the lights shine right at our house. It's kind of. We didn't know that when we bought the house. But. So that. You get some. The color doesn't really matter because you have that light. We have a lot of light. And I think it's just the dark blue to about three feet. And then above that we left it white. So. It didn't change. <SEP> I see. But the interesting thing is that paint we wound up having to go back and scrape some of that away. It didn't. It kind of bled under the masking tape which is probably the topic we're really on to that the masking is. You have to do that very very carefully. <SEP> And it takes a long time. That's right. You can work yourself to death. I'm sorry to hear your color didn't come out so good over the weekend. No kidding. It's kind of frustrating. <SEP> It is. A lot of work. A lot of work. I've got to go to a meeting. It's been good talking to you. Nice talking to you. <SEP>
sw2965.txt:My last auto repair was my alternator went out. I have a nineteen eighty-six Toyota. It's a little Tercel. And I have a friend who's real good with repairing cars. So I got him to take the alternator off and take it and get a replacement part. <SEP> So we went to a place called Quality Auto Parts. And their parts are supposed to be guaranteed and everything. And they're very reasonable. So I bought the alternator. We put it on the car. And it didn't work. And it blew out all the fuses. <SEP> How much was the alternator? Something like sixty-nine dollars something on that order. Did he hook up the wiring wrong? He hooked it up right. It was just that the part just didn't fit the car. So. I took it back. And the guy in the parts shop took the alternator. And he put it on the little thing he has in there to test them. And he said there was nothing wrong with the alternator. So we went back and tried it again put it on again. And it still didn't work. And we took the car up to a little place called Pep Boys. I don't know if you have them in your area. <SEP> But they're pretty reasonable car repair place also. So towed it up there because it wouldn't start or anything. And this thing just kept blowing out the fuses and took them about an hour to figure out what was blowing the fuse. And it was the alternator that was blowing the fuse. Anyway ended up taking it to the Toyota dealer. And the only problem was that it had to be a genuine Toyota alternator because most of the other ones that they say will fit it they sit in there and everything. But there's just some little difference that causes it not to work an i-. They probably built that in so they could make money. I guess so. And that was my last experience. <SEP> I had a weird. There's a little sensing device right in front of the fan. It's an air conditioner sensing device. I don't know why. It actually. There's a metal piece that fits through the belts. And somehow that broke off. And I still can't figure out how it broke. And anyway so this piece obviously. I have a Subaru. And I think you can only get it through Subaru dealer etcetera. So. This little sensing device costed sixty bucks. Are you able. <SEP> And I haven't had too many problems with my car. I got a eighty-eight Subaru G L X T. And it. And then just basic maintenance and oil changes. And I do not do my oil changes. And I will not do my oil changes. I think the first time I tried to do one and ended up trying to ge-. Yo- borrowed somebody else's jack. And I did this. And I went and bought everything. <SEP> So after buying the filter and all the oil you're looking at ten bucks at least or somewhere in there and then to go to the trouble that I figured it's easier spending eighteen bucks at Jiffy Lube. <SEP> So that's. As far as any maintenance on my car I shy away from the oil changes. That's for sure. My car it's an eighty-six. And I really hadn't had any trouble with it until that. And the car now has a hundred and thirty something thousand miles on it. And this was just recent. So I really can't complain about this one. How did you put that many miles on it in four or five years? I used to work. <SEP> It was a seventy mile trip everyday two ways was seventy miles. A hundred and forty mile trip? It was just seventy miles. <SEP> Thirty-five miles each way. And I did that for about three years. And it really added up. I've only taken maybe two trips that were about four hours long down to Shreveport. And the rest of it it's just basically driving a long ways to work. And now I drive twenty-three miles each way. So I'm getting little relief. But still I drive a long ways. <SEP> But I guess because they're highway miles it's not so bad on your car as if it were just regular street. Do you work for T I? I do. <SEP> Do you? I was going to ask you as far as how we're getting compensated for what we're doing right now. I don't work for T I. And I get these green. I don't know what you want to call them fake point things. Points. <SEP> And I just wondering how I go about getting the cash. There's a number that you call. It's the same number that you call to make a call. <SEP> You call that number. And somehow or another they'll give you an option to leave a message. And you can leave a message. I know someone that did that. You leave a message. And they'll call you back. <SEP> That's good to know. I haven't been doing. This is the first time I've been called in a long time. And I haven't been doing it. So. And I've done it maybe twelve times. <SEP> I don't know if I've done it quite that much. But mine is mixed up too. I have to call and get it fixed. Let's see before I had this car I bought an Audi five thousand. But I bought it used. I just bought it from a friend who just charged me what the dealer was going to give him for it for a trade-in. And it had a whole lot of miles on it. I figured maybe I'd get one or two years out of it. An I did get a couple of good years out of it. And the engine messed up on me. And then I gave it to a guy to repair who works for the Audi dealer. And he took the engine apart. And he just said he couldn't fix it. So the engine never got put back together again. <SEP> I. I was driving a sixty-six Plymouth Fury. I think those old cars might be a pretty good bet because you. <SEP> And that's when they made cars though. I don't know i-. The body was in good condition. And it ran fine. It was starting to burn some oil. <SEP> But I had to ge-. About couple of months after I was out of college I finally splurged and bought my car. So. I read a book one time that said that the best cars were made before seventy-four. These cars made in the sixties and stuff. The thickness. They're just. You just don't see cars like that. <SEP> And they last a long time. And they were simple too. The engines were simple and durable. And some people will still buy them. They'll. I guess it's still easy to find engines for those cars engines and transmissions. And I guess if you keep changing them out you can keep a car for a long time. Course I guess I could do the same thing with the Toyota that I have. I just don't know how much they'll want to charge me to. <SEP> It almost costs so much to fix anything or do anything with it. You're just better off buying another car. I guess so. But I just think they cost too much in the first place now a days.
sw3773.txt:Did you hear our topic? It's in regards to discussing homes. Homes. Are you settled in a place? I'm settled in a place. I've been in it for actually thirteen years since nineteen seventy-eight. And it's in Richardson Texas which is north Dallas. <SEP>. And we've lived in two houses in Richardson. We moved here in seventy-four and changed locations in seventy-eight. <SEP> How about yourself? We left here in seventy-six. We were here for a few years. Then we have come back just this summer. Right now we're looking for housing somewhere down in the Duncanville and Cedar Hill area. Are you familiar with that? It's a nice area. <SEP> It is. The kids are in school here in Duncanville. We're in a temporary place right now. So they've enjoyed the school. So we're kind of trying to stay here. But. Are you finding it tough trying to find what you want. Or. The problem we got is that we've got five children. <SEP> And so we really want four or five bedroom house. And everybody says how many houses are on the market and all that kind of thing. So we look at the paper. We talk to our realtor. And you can cut the listings in about a third when you go from three to four bedrooms or five. <SEP> Are you looking. Or you settled. We're settled. And we're. Having. I'm probably older than you. I'm fifty-two. But anyway my youngest is getting married this year graduating college. <SEP> So I can board up their rooms and look forward to retirement maybe. <SEP> That empty nest syndrome is going to set in I guess. So we're looking forward to retiring in about three years and maybe relocating to Florida or somewhere. Closer to our families. <SEP> Are you from Florida originally? From West Virginia. But my wife's parents are from the New York New Jersey area. <SEP> But everyone has seem to relocated down that area. Seems like a nice place to go. <SEP> We've got five. And the oldest is ninth grade. And the youngest is second grade. And I think they're going to be with us forever. I don't know if that's true. But it's sure we're not anywhere near looking to cut down in size. We're trying to find. I understand. <SEP> You need very minimum four and probably five. <SEP> In fact six would be real good. My wife and I can share a bedroom. It's tough to find a five and six bedroom house isn't it? <SEP> Either. I don't think it's possible unless you multimillionaire something like that. I know. <SEP> Seems like you get in that category you're in the three hundred thousand dollar homes or whatever. And that's an awful lot. <SEP> It is. We're having. Actually if we find something for less than a hundred and twenty thousand we'll be doing all right. <SEP> That's. But I think the thing's out there. It's just a matter of finding the right place. Just Matter of looking. <SEP> Lot of people in your situation will buy a four bedroom house and convert maybe the garage or something or do something. I had a young lady used to work for me at my office from the high school. And there were seven kids in her family. <SEP> And they converted the dining room and did this and that. But they always seemed to get along fine. <SEP> I think once we get into a place it will be just fine. But until then it's a little stressful just looking all the time and that sort of thing. I know. And there's nothing harder than that. I always just sort of assign my wife that chore. Then I would let her narrow it down to three or four. Then I'd go look because women seem to like to look a lot more than men do. <SEP> Maybe that's the case. At least she's got more opinions. Seems like there's more constraints more things that she thinks about. Openness the size of the kitchen and all this kind of stuff that I would probably gloss over and maybe even ignore. <SEP> <SEP> I understand that. What kind of business are you in? <SEP> I'm in the sporting goods business. I'm a manufacturer's rep. I represent fourteen different hunting and shooting type companies. Who are you with? <SEP> We're with an organization called Wycliff Bible Translators. It's a missions organization and doing translation linguistics that sort of thing. <SEP> It's got an office down here near Duncanville. And we just moved down to be on staff down here. So. How was the. You say you lived in the Denver area before? How did that compare with this area as far as housing prices? <SEP> We were really surprised to find that they're higher here. No kidding. When we moved from Louisiana to Denver it was astounding to find that prices were almost two or three times as high as we'd expected. And then to come down here we thought things would be lower. And they're not. I guess really prices for housing are just.
sw3784.txt:As far as I'm concerned it's probably apt that your call's at this time because we just got through watching REASONABLE DOUBTS. Which had a capital case in it. And I personally have. My own feelings about capital punishment is I think it should be mandatory upon a third conviction felony. <SEP> I do too. Mandatory summary execution on the steps that day. I think I'm in that same. I think if it's a convicted felon on parole and he goes out and commits another crime or kills somebody I feel the same way. <SEP> I think that person is beyond rehabilitation. And he should be taken out. I also firmly believe that no one is beyond reclamation. But I do know that almost all people usually die before that point. <SEP> They just get too old. As far as capital punishment on it's own merits I have the trouble with the way it's applied. I think it should be applied on a little bit more fair manner. And I've said this very often. And I believe it to be a very true axiom. So I would rather be white rich and guilty than black and innocent. Because if you're black and you kill a white guy you're going to fry. <SEP>. They will kill you. <SEP> And if you're black and you kill a black guy it's two hundred hours of community service. You don't hear too much of those cases. It's a social disease that we have called one upsmanship. <SEP>. We're the majority. So we can do whatever the hell we want to do. <SEP> That's right. And you're the minority. And you're stuck with it. But we had this in the Vietnam war. We had. Population of blacks among military people in Vietnam was about eighty percent. <SEP> But the population of blacks in the military was about twenty-two percent. The handwriting's on the wall there isn't it? <SEP> It sure is. But that's another issue altogether. It's. As far as capital punishment I think that ten years on death row is cruel and unusual punishment. I think the guy should have ninety days. And if he can't produce evidence not argument but evidence. <SEP> The only thing I don't understand I guess I don't understand our judicial system as it is right now. Because if somebody has been convicted and has been sentenced to be put to death how is it that they can appeal and appeal and appeal and get stays of execution? How is there. <SEP> That goes back to when America was a colony of England. In England you went to court you were assumed guilty until proven innocent and once they found you guilty judge said he's guilty kill him. There were some people that had a problem with that. Because they found out later on that a guy will lie rather than get killed. <SEP>. And he'll say that guy did it not me. <SEP> Or he'll have somebody lie for him. People lie. It's a strange thing. But they do that. And to prevent that kind of misuse of power they wrote into the Constitution a protection against judicial mishap. <SEP>. And the judicial mishap in this event would be you got the wrong guy. Look at that guy at E Systems. <SEP> They convicted him of a robbery that he could not physically have been able to commit. He was too far away when it happened. He had witnesses that were they weren't dope dealers they weren't drug fiends they were employees of an establishment that had a very high level of security sense too. And these were really responsible people. <SEP> And they convicted this guy because somebody says he looks like the right guy. They all look the same to me. <SEP> Big lips flat nose that was him. What do you think about convicted.
sw3550.txt:. Go ahead. <SEP> What kind of car would I want to buy. I don't know. The question is would I want to buy. Or would I probably actually buy. May be two different things. If you had all the money in the world or something. <SEP> If I had all the money I wanted then that's whole different matter. In that case I don't know. My dream car for years was a Porsche Turbo. <SEP> But I don't know if I'd want one of those now. <SEP> Of course I would want one if somebody was given to me. But I maybe would buy a B M W. Or even a Volvo. <SEP> What do you have now? I've got a Dodge Daytona. <SEP> It's actually the first car we ever bought new. I have. My car is the first one we ever bought new too. But we just bought another used car a couple weeks ago actually. <SEP> Me too. What car do you drive? What is it? Mine is a Honda Accord. <SEP> We almost bought one of those. Do you like it? I do. And it's funny because after I bought it I was doing a lot of business traveling. And I. Some of the cars that I got were the Toyota Camry and the Nissan Maxima and some of the competitors. And I don't like them as well except it wasn't really a fair comparison because those were automatics. And mine is a standard. <SEP> And the reason I got a standard was because I thought it handled a lot better. It had a lot more pickup and everything. <SEP> You get a little more control over when it's doing the things it's doing. What rental agent did you go to to rent those kind of cars. <SEP> Usually AVIS. To what AVIS? AVIS. <SEP>. I guess. It's just because we're on. I think of it. I'm not sure those are AVIS or not. But we have corporate contracts with the various companies. <SEP> I see. So it depends on your destination too. <SEP> Kind of strange. You work for a big company then. Work for T I. Which is how I heard about this. <SEP> T I I see. But. I don't know. If I were to buy a car with the constraints of real money I probably would go with something like a Honda Accord. <SEP> Maybe it would. One thing I really liked about the Dodge Daytona is the fact that they have this seven year warranty. <SEP> And it really saved us some big money once. It did. They had a whole bunch of things that sort of broke at the same time. <SEP> And the bill would have been over fifteen hundred dollars. And I had to pay twenty five for the. That was great. It was. That's unusual to hear. Usually something breaks. You look at the warranty. And it's excluded. <SEP> We bought the extension and at the time we bought it it was four hundred and twenty-five dollars or something extra. I see. You got your money's worth. <SEP> We did. But we really debated at the beginning. And of course I'm glad I did it. That is good. <SEP> But we still have three years left on it. I've been lucky. Mine hasn't had any trouble except last week a shopping cart crashed into it. But I was real lucky because it just hit the lens to the light. <SEP> Bumper? It didn't actually dent the car or anything. So it cost me twenty-five bucks to replace that. <SEP> That was good. And the store will pay for it anyway. Are you. So. No big deal. <SEP> If you were going to buy a new car would you buy another Accord? I probably wouldn't just because I already have one. <SEP> But if I had to make the choice again I'm perfectly happy with what I decided although we did just buy another car. And that's a Legend. <SEP> Those are nice. But it's a used one. And my husband has really wanted one for a long time. And the fact that this car that I have has performed so well. And before that I also had an Accord. It was a real old one. <SEP> And I bought that used. I had absolutely no money to my name and bought that. And it served me real well too. So he's been impressed with all the Honda cars. <SEP> And. My sister drives one. She drives a is it Legend. <SEP> It's a. I'm not certain. But she's liked it. But I have never had. And we. In fact what I'm driving right now. We only had one car for a long time. And yet most of our usage of the car was just this little shuttle back and forth four miles to work and back kind of thing. <SEP> <SEP> And so I bought a used Yugo just to be a little car that I could care less about. <SEP> How did it go for you? It's worked. Hasn't left you stranded. <SEP> That's exactly what it is. It's a cheap little car just to go run around town in. I know. <SEP> And. It's actually kind of fun to drive. I. Getting back in the Daytona now I almost don't like it. It's too mushy. And it's an automatic. <SEP> And. That's what my husband thinks about my car now that he's had the Legend. It's too. The steering. It's windy. <SEP> You feel like you're in a boat or something. It's kind of. I can't drive that. The Legend it's just so huge. I don't like it. And it's so.
sw2229.txt:Are you on a regular exercise program right now? And I hate it. <SEP> How about you? I'm kind of off and on. Off and on. I guess I've been kind of off and on. I've Had some health problems that have led me to. Right now I'm kind of off. <SEP> I'd say more on than off. What type of exercise do you do? I do walking on the treadmill. And then I do low impact aerobics. I guess you don't enjoy that very much. <SEP> Not really. Do you find that to be boring? And time consuming. It's not just the exercise that's boring and time consuming. It's afterwards. Then you have to take a shower and get cleaned up. <SEP> I'm trying to get back in shape for softball this spring. But I. <SEP> Is this something that you go through every year. I haven't decided whether I want to play yet or not. I just bought myself a solo flex machine. I don't know if you've seen those advertised on T V. It's one of those universal type exercise machines. But I haven't really sat down and used it match yet. So it's collecting dust right now. <SEP> A lot of things do that. I had an exercise bike. I used to jog somewhat. I use to have one. And I finally got rid of sit cause I never used it. But I do use my treadmill. That's good. My parents have a treadmill. It's. When I go visit them I get on that thing every now and then. <SEP> It's nice because when the weather's bad you don't have any excuse. I just got the bicycle out today. And it was real nice outside. Had to get out to do something. I can't ride a bike. So. I've been sitting in here in the house all weekend with a cold. So thought I better get outside and do something and not waist the day. <SEP> It's too nice. It's been too nice all weekend. But. I need to start something again. I've always of that to be really one of the best forms of exercise. But it's terribly boring. And so I really don't ever keep a program up consistently. <SEP> Have you ever had any injuries from jogging? I never have. I don't job enough to develop any injuries. I usually only go about a mile or two. I guess it worries me about jogging that I hear that it's very hard on your body and that you can end up getting hurt worse. <SEP> It's tough on the joints if you jog on concrete or on asphalt. Suppose to be much better if you find grass or dirt to jog on. <SEP> That's not quite so easy. You have to have the right type of shoes too. That's very important. <SEP>. I found that true especially from walking on toe and fronts. But. <SEP> I don't have to buy jogging shoes all to often. My don't get very much use. I guess my breakdown about every six months. I usually enjoy the exercise I do. But like I said I'm just not very consistent about maintaining a program. So I'll bicycle. I get into that for a little while and maybe go out on a consistent basis every couple of days and ride a bike for awhile. But then I'll get tired of doing that and maybe start jogging again and go out about three or four nights a week. <SEP> But that gets old too in a very short order. <SEP> I'm hoping that this solo flex will change things a little bit. I really need to get on a regular type of program and use that thing on a consistent basis. Don't let it collect dust. At least exercise while dusting it off. <SEP> Maybe if I can get interested in playing softball again this string I can start some type of regular program. That'll be good. I've always found that when you write things down and set goals it's a lot easier to keep something going. <SEP> When I was in high school we had a choice of taking physical education courses on exercise. An one of those involved a six weeks session on a universal machine lifting weights and working out like that. And that was very helpful. We kept charts of our progress and consistently increased the empty of resistance so you could see how much you improved over the weeks. <SEP> I found that to be very helpful. Are you going to do that? I need to. <SEP> I haven't started yet. But it's a thought. That sounds like something good to do then. Sounds like something I should do. <SEP> Nice way to start off this spring. Get back in shape. How often do you go out each week on your walking? <SEP> I do. I switch every other day. One day I walk. And one day I do the aerobics. About how far do you go walking? I'm trying to get my tolerance now. I just had surgery less then two months ago. And right now I'm just a little over about a mile and a half. <SEP> But I'm trying to workup to three miles. That's good. They say that walking is just as good if not better then jogging. It. <SEP> It's just that it takes longer to get to the same effect. But. If you keep up with a consistent pace just to keep the heart rating going. <SEP> My walkman broke. So I'm upset. <SEP> And I just have to turn to stereo up real loud. But it's a lot less stressful on the joints then jogging is. <SEP> It is. And this doesn't. My treadmill has an incline. And you can get a really good workout on it. Do you go to an aerobics class. Or do you watch on T V? I just do it on T V. <SEP> I have a cassette. Which shows do you watch on T V? <SEP> It's a tap-. I use tapes. Like a Cathy Smith workout. Or Richard Simmons. Or Jane Fonda. <SEP> Sweating to the oldies. Every now and then I'll watch E S P N. I get cable on T V. <SEP> And they have a couple of shows called basic training. And what is the other one called. There was one guy I use to watch on E S P N. I don't know if he's still on any more or not. I don't know if I get E S P N or not. <SEP> But one. I use to watch one on the air. But that was back. BODIES IN MOTION that's the name of the one I was thinking of. That's was. With Gill. <SEP>. I watched that cause he was cute. He's not bad. His assistants usually aren't either. <SEP> But. They're always in Hawaii some place. On the beach. <SEP> But then that was back when the high impact and. They do low I pact stuff now. <SEP> Do they. They're on every day. Are the-. He's still doing it then. Every morning. <SEP> I'll have to tune in. It's on E S P N. At what time. I can't remember what time. It's. I can't remember offhand what time. I'll have to check it back up. <SEP> But the thing is everybody always looks so good on that show at least on. Every now and then. Not everybody has a picture perfect body. I found that they have just a much better program than the other shows that are on T V. <SEP> I haven't watch any other ones on T V. Just on some of the tapes. They're on weekdays at eleven o'clock every day. Monday through Friday incase you're interested in that. <SEP> I actually taped a few session that they had on there. But I haven't done so much as watch the tape that I made. That's a thought. <SEP> So I'm kind of bad about that myself. That's thought. I haven't thought about that. They're going to beep us pretty soon. I sure enjoyed to you about exercise and fitness. <SEP> Nice talking to you too. <SEP> Talk to you later.
sw3487.txt:Advice on son or daughter going to college. That's advice that I will need in time future for my children rather than one that I have personal experience with. <SEP> I suppose I would ask what the child wants to do in life and what the child hopes to get out of college and what sort of college would best meet those needs. <SEP> Let's see. When I went away to school I'm trying to think my criteria. I guess when you're eighteen or so it would be important to know if it was a coed college. That was a strict requirement for me. Again how serious a person is according to what they want to get out of school I guess they'd have to consider how expensive the college is and how close to home if they could handle being away for real long periods of time or if they need to be somewhere where they can drive home when they needed to get home. Let's see. What was the question. What's the criteria for picking a college? What advice would you give? <SEP> What advice. I guess one clear-cut piece of advice is by all means visit the college campus. <SEP> Stay in a dormitory if you can. Go to classes. Talk to faculty members and students. And also depending on how adjustable your child would be or flexible. If they chose a college in a different part of the country that maybe they were unused to the way they run things. The northern colleges are very different than the southern colleges I think. The people are different. And you have to be more flexible and more willing to adjust to other people's mannerisms and customs or ways of doing things. You have to be a flexible person to be able to go all the way across country to something totally different than what you're used to. I'm thinking what problems my children might have in that. <SEP> You think so? But I agree with you. Let's see. What else. Climate would be. You'd have to. <SEP> Is somewhat. If it's something different than the one they're used to I guess. If they're used to the northern weather then the southern weather they might kind of feel like they need to go out and play all the time not be in studying. If you're in Florida or California. I'd also advise them that if mom and dad paid for their college that if they decided to drop a course or decided that they need another year then they'd have to get a loan to continue. <SEP> Course it is a big factor in having an understanding of how much parents will pay and how much has to come from other sources and your willingness one to work during the summer or part time. And two to take out loans to assume debt after college. That's right. <SEP> There's. The responsibility of that. And they could work and earn money towards college. Also if they stay within their state you get a lot more financial aid. Or it's a lot cheaper if you stay within your state than if you go out of state to a private school. <SEP> And like I said if they was willing to work in the summers and also maybe then the parents could pay a third. And then maybe they could take out a loan for a third depending on how expensive it is. By the time I have an eleven year old is my oldest. So it's not too far away. But it's. Mine is twelve. But it's getting there. We still definitely can put away the money for college now. I would advise that they did not have a car at college. They would. That's my gut feeling too. I. My son is certainly not persuaded of that. <SEP> I'm here. I didn't have a car in college. I think it's more a burden to provide for. <SEP> I think so too. I think because most kids don't have a car at college the ones that do get taken advantage of. And I think it's just trouble waiting to happen. So I would advise they didn't take a car. And they didn't take a television. Is it. And they didn't take a refrigerator. Maybe that. I didn't do any of those though. I feel less strongly about the T V -s and refrigerators. <SEP> I. We didn't have.
sw3387.txt:I don't know what to do about the federal budget. There certainly have been ideas surfaced recently matter of fact repeatedly by many people. And I sort of wondered what thoughts you had on that area. The first one is we need people in there that understand numbers. The numbers that are being thrown around when we're talking in trillions of dollars. Which is an astronomical sum. <SEP> And the people that are talking this numbers have no concept of what that number means. Are you talking about the elected people. Or are you talking about others? The elected people. <SEP> Our Senate and Congress and people that deal everyday and don't really understand what that is or how a budget even works. <SEP> We need to elect people that are more. Or. I'm not sure how you would ach-. How would you achieve that? If. Let's make them have a degree in economics. So you would trust the decision making economists? <SEP> Sometimes called the dismal science. But people that know the value of a dollar that understand the value of a dollar. <SEP> And wh-. In. The lobbyists needs them to be eliminated from Congress. <SEP> They don't make pragmatic decisions. They make a decision based on constituency instead of a decision based on what they really believe. <SEP> Or they tack on this pork bellies and do things that are good for their area to pass something that is not good for the country. So you would favor a law which said there could not be lobbyists. Right now lobbyists require to register you'd just say make them all. <SEP> I definitely would. Get rid of them. No causes that you think the lobbyists would be good for? <SEP> I think that any company or anything that wants to contribute to a fund should be able to do that and be registered with what they ever contribute. But they should not have a one-on-one relationship with the people making the decisions that affect them. <SEP> That's a conflict of interest as far as I'm concerned. When you are talking again billions and trillions of dollars you're jeopardizing the future of the country for today. <SEP> That. So you talk about jeopardizing the future. Would you be against any deficit spending? I think to bring it in line you are going to have to have a generation that's going to really bite the bullet to bring it in line. You can't ease into it. It took years and years to build up the momentum that's there now. <SEP> I forget the figures on the interest rate. But it's something like hundreds of thousands of dollars a second in interest. <SEP> Part of the problem is we don't loan from ourselves. We buy from intimate international banking. That's why we have interest. And I really feel that is part of the problem that we've let things get so out of control that we don't want to put the brakes on them. But what practical steps could one take? <SEP> by having a budget that is reasonable. But everybody will say that he is for that. And how will you make that actually happen? Of course. <SEP> And then add on to it. You take the gross national income and you say our budget is X number of percent of this gross national income. <SEP> One thing we could do is give a ten percent income tax. Across-the-board. Everyone no matter what pays a ten percent income tax. <SEP> Sounds like a good idea. Nothing escapes? No deductions nothing. <SEP> That's right. No deductions. Just ten percent. <SEP> You pay a ten percent income tax. That's what you pay. If you make forty million dollars then you're going to pay four million. <SEP> I-. If you make forty dollars you're going to pay four dollars. And that's it. So that's it. That's. I agree with that. That's a good idea. And is it your expectation that that would raise the total revenues collected or lower them or what? I don't know that it would or wouldn't.
sw2608.txt:. Do you want to go first? You can go first. Or I will. <SEP> You go ahead. I'm going to tell you what I'd have. Down in the south we have a lot of shrimp? <SEP> And I have shrimp that is steamed in beer that I cook. <SEP>. And then I have a cauliflower that I would cook garlic bread green salad tea. And we'd have a lemon pie for dessert. <SEP> It sounds fantastic. And what's really neat about it is the shrimp is cooked in your rice cooker. <SEP> And you place the shrimp in the rice steamer. And you put a bay leaf and put some red pepper over it. You can either use the kind that comes in the little can. Or you can just get some regular red peppers. <SEP> Is it cayenne pepper you mean? Cayenne? <SEP> And you put a little bit of that over it. If you use the dried kind? Then you would only use two of them. And you put that in there. And then you pour two bottles of beer over it. <SEP> And how much shrimp would you use? Two pounds. Two pounds. That's the jumbo shrimp in the shells. <SEP> Leave the shells on them so they won't just roll up. And you pour the beer over the top of it. And you cover it. <SEP> And you only cook it until the mixture begins to boil and the shrimp turn pink. <SEP> Then you remove it. And you put it on a platter. And then you serve it with melted butter. And I usually put garlic powder in mine. And they can just dip it. And they shell it as they eat it. <SEP> But then the cauliflower you cook that in the microwave. And what you do is you just wash it. And you core it. And in a. Pyrex or something like that kind of bowl that would go in the microwave. <SEP>. <SEP> A glass dish. But it's got to have one that has a cover on it. <SEP> And you put about two tablespoons of water into this bowl and about an eighth a teaspoon of salt. And then you just set your cauliflower in there. <SEP> And then you cook it for seven minutes on high. And you rotate it one time. And are you cooking the whole head at one time? <SEP> When you core it you be real careful so you won't knock your flowers off. <SEP> I see. And you just set it in there. And you microwave it on high for seven minutes. And you turn it one time. And while that's cooking I take about a cup of mayonnaise and a teaspoon of mustard and some garlic powder. And I mix it all together. And I shred up some just regular white cheese. <SEP> And after that's cooked you take it out and pour this on top of it. And then you sprinkle the cheese on top of that. And you cook it for another three minutes on high just mainly to melt the cheese and everything and let all the seasoning melt into it. And it's done. <SEP> That sounds fantastic. It is good. <SEP> But it looks. What I usually do is I'll sit the cauliflower in the middle. And then I put the shrimp around the outside of it on my platter. <SEP> And then I have a green salad that I put around the outside of that. And you have all the different seasonings and stuff. And then I just fix little individual cups for them. And they have the garlic bread. And it makes it a real nice looking. <SEP> And it's not much work. But it looks like it. <SEP> That sounds. Real-. You look like you went to a whole bunch. <SEP> I bet it tastes good too. And usually I cut those little cherry tomatoes up and put some color into it. And I'll lay those on top of my salad to make it look nice and things like that. <SEP> How many could you serve? It usually serves six. I figured about that. <SEP> That's good. Out here we have so many ethnic people. We have Italians. And we have Portuguese. And we have Russians and Polish. And it depends out here the type of people you're going to entertain? So it's hard. You just have to pick something for the group that you're going to entertain for that particular time. <SEP> And they're big on finger food here too. Chicken wings and ribs and that kind of stuff. Barbecue and cooking out in the yard when it's nice. Barbecue outside chicken and that kind of stuff. Have you ever had crawfish? <SEP> But I have had shrimp. You ought to try some crawfish. They are good. But that's one good thing about living down here is usually anybody that comes over even if it's out of town guests and stuff they want our cooking. Of course. They want it from down here. <SEP> That's. Because just now especially crawfish it is starting to move out. And more and more people are beginning to find out how good it is. <SEP> But. Is it like shrimp? It's similar. <SEP> It's similar. It's not exactly. Ch-. It's got a taste of its own. But it is similar to because you only eat the tails of it. <SEP> It does? Does it look like a lobster? <SEP> It looks more like a crab. It looks more like a crab. <SEP> But. Are they thin long or wide? <SEP> I can't even think of what you. I guess it looks more like a cross between a crab and a lobster. Because it's small like that. And it's got the pinchers like a crab. But it's similar to a lobster too because the tail has got the little pleats in it like a lobster would. <SEP>. <SEP> And we call them mud bugs. But they're fantastic tasting. They are so good. Everybody. It's the season for them right now. <SEP> And where did you say you were from? Louisiana. Louisiana. Do you do cajun cooking? <SEP> I love blackened the fish and the chicken and that kind of stuff. ! We have a few places up here that do that. <SEP> And if ever I see it on the menu I always get it. It is so good. You know. <SEP> How do they do the blackened? You buy it as a seasoning. But do you have to have a certain skillet or something? <SEP>. I cook mine do you have a black iron skillet? <SEP> I did have. I don't have it now. But I have mostly Teflon. I guess you could cook it in that too. You now. But. But I don't know. I never have. I use the black iron skillet to cook mine. <SEP> Does it have to get extremely hot? But it doesn't burn or anything like that. The blackening is really the seasoning. <SEP> It's a blackening seasoning. I see. <SEP> That is a seasoning. It's not like you would have to cook it for an extreme amount of time or something like that to get it. <SEP> I see. Because what it's called is Blackening Magic. And it comes in a bottle. And I'm trying to see. It's got a picture of Dom De Luise on it. <SEP>. You would cook it for the same amount of time as you would prepare it any other time? <SEP> Is that what you're saying? Because I could have the chicken on the skewers with blackened seasoning. But. <SEP> And that is so good. Delicious. But you do have to have it hot when you cook it. Your pan. <SEP>. It does have to be really hot when you put it in. But it's not like it's burned. And what blackens it is the seasoning. <SEP> And it is so good. It is. I love it. <SEP> In fact I was in Texas for a little while. And I liked the barbecues and the Mexican food. <SEP> I have a passion for all that type of different tastes. Because I have been brought up mostly Italian American food. Because my parents are Italian and Portuguese. So we cook a lot of pasta and gravies and pizzas and roasts and that kind of thing. That's why I enjoy going to restaurants and trying different things. Have you ever thought about coming to Louisiana to visit? <SEP> I would love to. You ought to come down. I. You don't even have to go all the way to New Orleans if you want to really get some good food. <SEP> You don't have to go that far south. But of course the further south you go the better the food is as far as I'm concerned. <SEP> Is that right? And fact is we're going to take a vacation this year. We're going to go to New Orleans again. And we're only going down there for the food though. <SEP> Where do you go when you go there? right on Basin Street and those places? We go to the French Quarters and stuff like that. And I have some friends that live down there. And so usually we don't go to the tourist ones. <SEP> We go to the ones that they tell us to go to. I see. And we went to this one. It was called The Back Porch. And they were cooking the stuff while we went on this boat ride. And then we came back and ate out on this back porch. And usually if you can find somebody. <SEP> That's nice. Of course when you go down there they've got just. There's no where you can miss. I have never gone to a restaurant and not just been so full. It's unreal. <SEP> It's so good. The seasoning it's just unreal. And don't they make a lot of. I'm trying to think what they call their soup. I don't know. Gumbo. <SEP> Jumbo. Gumbo. Gumbo. <SEP>. Is that with seafood? You can even make it with chicken or you can make it with seafood. <SEP> You can? That looks good too. I've seen the chefs on T V do that? <SEP> And it looks delicious. And I'll tell you what. We do a thing we call it a sea bake. You take clams.
sw2078.txt:Here goes Sharon. What do you think about Nolan Ryan being the first baseball player to earn a million dollars? That's the only thing I found out tonight. <SEP> You found that out tonight? I haven't even heard that. That's great. I think he deserves every penny of it. <SEP> But there are some others out there that I don't believe deserve the money they're getting. Isn't it funny how baseball's getting less than football players would. Wonder because football. <SEP> And they play a lot longer season too. And a lot more games? That's exactly right. <SEP> But I think let's see. The teams that were there last year were somebody from California. I don't even know who won the pennant last year. Beats me. I know Yankees have won a lot games. Through the years. <SEP> Not lately though. We have been talking about this. I tried to call earlier. And we had made a list of all these baseball teams and the cities that they were from. Then I started cleaning. And I don't even know where I even put that paper. <SEP> Threw it away. I was just cleaning and throwing. Let's see. The teams that. I think the A's were in it last year. The Oakland A's and. Have you ever played baseball? <SEP> I played softball. That's what I did when I was growing up. That was fun. <SEP> That's fun. That's a whole different sport. Let's see. But I think the Rangers need to go. And I think the Pirates will go. And let's see. Rangers have got a new guy this year. I don't even remember his name either. Do you ever go see the Rangers? <SEP> Every once in a while I like to go on the nights when there's not very many people out there. It's a lot more fun when you're not fighting a crowd. I think it's fun. I like just looking at the billboards. B-. Sometimes if you go out there during the day you just fry under the sun. It's nice at night. <SEP> That's when I've been. It is. <SEP> And do you know anything about that new stadium. Have you seen all those pictures that they're going to put out there? That huge. It's suppose to be a huge stadium. And it's going to have little shopping centers in it and a lake or something running through it. And they're going to try to make it a real community center out there. Cou-. And you're going to be able to buy your. What was about the liquor? <SEP> That's in Texas stadium where the football players play. So you. And they're never going to let liquor in there. They're trying. <SEP> I know. But they try every year. And every year they get thrown out. It's so stupid because they let you take it in there. But they don't allow them to sell it there. But that new stadium's going to be real nice. And I heard that you can bid on that stadium. Last night on the news I heard that they said you could bid on the stadium to have it named after you. So. <SEP> And it's going to go to the highest bidder. That's the way to do it. So that could be your fifteen minutes of fame. You hear that? That's my kids turning on their music. <SEP> Holly turn it down. I think it's the Bart man the Simpsons. I stay away from them. I wish I could. <SEP> I bet you do. Where are you? In Plano. I'm in Garland. <SEP> You are? My husband teaches in Plano. What's he teach? C V A E. <SEP> What do you do? I teach. But I teach for Dallas. You do? For right now. I'm trying to get out. <SEP> Is that a tough system to be in? Real hard? <SEP> I would think it. It's good because they try new things. But it's like they'll try something. And then they throw it out and get something else. And you get tired of that. <SEP> That's typical bureaucracy though. I think it's going to be any where you go. It's just worse in the bigger cities than it is in the smaller ones. <SEP> I don't know. Sometimes the smaller ones are just as bad. But they can't be though. They don't have as much money. Most of the time. <SEP> But the politics gets worse in the small towns sometimes. In Dallas you don't even know who's in administration. There's so many of them. You don't even know who to payoff? Somebody walks in a classroom. And you don't know what they're there for when they're coming how long they're going to be. <SEP> How funny. It's just there they are. And they're writing the whole time. No communication whatsoever. I had them walk out of my class and not say their name anything. <SEP> And I finally just got to where I go I'm Debbie Moore may I ask who you are and what you are in my classroom for. Because you never know where they are going what they'll report. Or. <SEP> I know. And they'll tell you they've written something down. And you hope they're telling you the truth. And you never see it. <SEP> That's got to be frustrating. It is. How long you taught in Dallas schools? This is my eleventh year. <SEP> That's about ten too many. Actually it's. Now my job's good much better than a lot because I'm Chapter One. <SEP>. And all I do is teach reading all day long. <SEP> And it's just ten children at a time. That's not bad. It's good. And you've got a lot of federal money too. <SEP> But hasn't it changed a lot over the years? Teaching? <SEP> Or working in the system. When I first started teaching I remember I went to my. And I said I want to see a curriculum guide. So I'll know what I'm suppose to teach. And they go we don't have one. We don't even know where one is. And so I go okay you just did what you wanted to do. <SEP> How funny. And now they tell you what to teach and how long and what day what period. You don't know which is worse. <SEP> I know which is worse. I guess so. Being told what to do is worse. <SEP> How long are we suppose to talk for? You can talk for ten minutes. But you don't have to. You can? And. If you talk to ten then they come on and say you've extended your limit. And say good-bye within the next five seconds. <SEP> I haven't ever talked that long. I hadn't either till last night I was talking to this retired administrator from Cleveland Ohio. And we started talking about gangs. <SEP> He lives in Cleveland? And everybody else that I've talked to has been right around here. <SEP> But she was real interesting. And then tonight this woman called. Have you taken any incoming calls? <SEP> Yours is my second one. So hers was the first one I gotten. And she was telling me all her problems. And it went over ten minutes. <SEP> Did you all not talk about the topic at all? We did. But the topic was boring I thought. What would you serve if you were having a dinner party? <SEP> All the other. The one I talked about the other night was good. It was about movies what have you seen at the movies lately and stuff like that. I could go on and on about that. Me too because we go all the time. The guy I was talking to never goes. He was it sounds like you're really up on this. I said I see at least two a week. <SEP> So that was real good to talk about that. Have you seen SILENCE OF THE LAMBS? You've got to go see that. The last one I saw was DANCES WITH WOLVES. <SEP> We talked about that one too. And he said he didn't think it should have gotten all those awards he thought it was too long. But I. I enjoyed it. I did too. It was just more for my money. <SEP> I didn't think it was too long at all. He said after about the first hour he started looking at his watch. The other one you need to go see is SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY. <SEP> And how old are your kids? One is eight. And one is eleven. You probably don't want to take them to see SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. It's not too cool for kids. They usually pick their own. <SEP> I bet they do. They've got it all figured out. They want to see all the horror movies. And Ninja Turtles. <SEP> Ninja Turtles got to have those. But most of the time really we watch them on the video. You brin-. That's. Don't you? Just massive rental. <SEP> That's a lot cheaper then taking them out to the show. Going to. I know. <SEP> Especially if you get them for a couple of nights you don't have to watch them all in one time. That's what we do especially when it's bad weather just plug it in. <SEP> Of course you have to get there early if you want to get anything decent. I know. It's good when you go to Tom Thumb though. And they're cheap. And nobody has got them yet. <SEP> That's true. Unbelievable. That's true. We saw HEROES HAVE ALWAYS BEEN COWBOYS tonight. <SEP> It was okay. It was kind of slow. And I felt like it kind of got chopped off at the end. It. I don't know. One of those movies it's not going to be around long. It will be a dollar movie in no time. Do you read? Not very much. <SEP> I don't have the patience to read. I do that to make myself go to sleep at night. My Mom and Dad read all the time. You saw FIELD OF DREAMS a long time ago? <SEP> Sure did. I was reading the book. And it's called SHOELESS JOE. It was so wonderful. And then I decided I like this author. So I got a book of his short stories. And that's been real good. <SEP> Who is the author? Don't ask me. The GHOST OF SHOELESS JOE was the name of the book. <SEP> Shoeless Joe. Was it like the movie? Quite a bit. But in the movie the guy was black. <SEP> He wasn't in the book. That's one difference. There really wasn't a lot of difference. <SEP> I didn't. I never even heard that there was a book tied in with that movie. That's interesting. That was a good movie too. Do you think we covered baseball? I think so. Have a good night.
sw3638.txt:The Cowboys are my favorite team. That's pretty easy to say nowadays. Lot easier than it was a couple years ago. But they had a big win today. Did you get to watch it? <SEP> I didn't. I have been at my computer all day. So. Are you a Cowboy fan? I used to be a real big Cowboy fan. And I'm not a Jimmy Johnson fan. <SEP> Being an Okie I just really don't care much. It's kind of hard not to be a Cowboy fan though. <SEP> They've always been my favorite. And I guess I still have a soft spot. <SEP> I just hate that that's the coach that's leading them. <SEP> So have they. They're in the playoffs? They made it to the playoffs finally. Just two years ago they were one and fifteen. They won like just one game. And so pretty fast turnaround. But this year they made it to playoffs. And today was the first game. And they beat the Chicago Bears. So everybody's really going crazy down here. I'll bet they are. They're going crazy. So they turned it around. But they have a lot of young exciting players now. Everybody was real upset when they fired Tom Landry. But now it's like they're doing good so everybody's forgotten about that. <SEP> Football fans are probably the most fickle people in the world. Hit a bad season. And it's the coach's fault. Let's dump him. <SEP> First good season the coach can do no wrong. But Dallas has always been good ahead heading good players and both running backs and defense. <SEP> They have a young team. It's a lot different than the teams they used to have where it's the same old players every year and same coach same everything. So now it's like a taste of something different. They're all not mister nice guys like they used to be. <SEP> Now it's tough and dirty team. So everybody is really excited. And. Who is the competition going to be? It's supposed to be the Redskins but we beat them already. We beat them this year in Washington. So everybody has the feeling like we can go all the way to the Super Bowl. But it's just that we have to play every game away. It's going to be tough. But every-. The competition are teams that they've already beat this year. So Atlanta they're in it too. And we beat them. And Detroit we play them next week. But we should beat them. Everybody feels like we should be able to beat them. So everything's looking real good. <SEP> Course I think you can't really go by what happened earlier in the season because teams jell together or they've had injuries that heal. <SEP> And it could be almost a totally new team out there than the one we played. <SEP> The Cowboys are on a roll. They've won six or seven in a row now. So they're supposed to be the hottest team in the league going into the playoffs. So. But since you have an O U drop out as a quarterback. Troy Aikman. He got hurt at O U. So he transferred to U C L A. <SEP> He really didn't feel like he'd be able to do a lot of passing at O U. <SEP> O U has always been known for their running game. More than. They're playing tonight in fact. <SEP> I'm watching them on T V right now. But they're doing some stomping on Virginia. I tell you. They've not had much of a team this year bless their little hearts. They're doing good tonight. <SEP> Are they? I haven't been watching. They're winning. They're winning forty-one to seven. <SEP> Good for us. <SEP>. But. And that's right. Aikman did go to O U. I forgot about that. <SEP> They h-. Then he went out to southern Cal. Is that where he went? U C L A. <SEP> But the Cowboys did good today. I was proud. I thought they would get beat today because they're so young. Playoffs.
sw2429.txt:What would you have at a dinner party? Lately since I have children I've cut down on having dinner parties. <SEP> But when I do I try to keep it pretty simple on things that I can prepare ahead of time. I have one recipe for a really good type of a meatball. It's called burgundy meatball. And it's made with red wine and. That sounds great. <SEP> It's really good. And you can make it ahead of time and then make the sauce when you're ready to serve it. That's one of my favorite things to serve. I think it would probably depend on whether this was a formal or a informal dinner party. <SEP> But if it was informal my first choice would be crawfish. I guess being from that part of the country. Because crawfish everybody over here likes crawfish. But I wouldn't have to worry about satisfying my guest. <SEP> But if it was a formal dinner party I would probably think of something else like. Shrimp fettucini is real easy to make and everything. And it's usually well liked by people I guess. I'm just a seafood fan. So I think on the lines of. <SEP> How do you cook crawfish? In fact I just came back from the grocery store. And being in Texas we don't have too many people that eat crawfish. But they had live crawfish on sale. <SEP> You're not supposed to eat them dead. You eat them dead. But. <SEP> Don't buy them that way. Because if they are dead for too long. You can always tell whenever they're cooked if they've been dead for a long time because their tail straightens out. And you're not supposed to eat those because they're bad for you. <SEP> I'll remember that. So if you ever go in a restaurant order crawfish. Every once in a while you'll see on-. It doesn't happen very often because it's just an accident. But if the tail is straight on it then don't eat it. But you just put lots of pepper. <SEP> And you just boil them. And they're absolutely wonderful. But they're a pain to peel for some people. Once you get used to it they're real easy. But if you have nails or anything you can plan on those being shot. When you serve it do you shell them and then serve em too? I think for a dinner party. I don't know. It depends. <SEP> My age if there was a bunch of college kids coming over for a dinner party they would shell their own. We'd just have crawfish and beer or something. But if it was more formal like if I was working environment then I would probably shell'em or at least disconnect them from the head. But There's a big thing over here that everybody sucks the head. <SEP> Still have see that. So it would just depend. <SEP> That's the best part of the crawfish. Sucking the head. But I don't know. It just depends on what type it was I guess. But you can buy the crawfish shells already peeled'n everything. And usually you use those for frying or to put in salads or to make a sauce with or something like that. <SEP> But you can go ahead and buy'em cooked and shelled. And they're more expensive of course. But. Does it taste a lot like shrimp. It really does I like shrimp better. <SEP>. Just The crawfish it just has a taste of its own. It also depends on who's cooking it and how much seasoning they use stuff like that. <SEP> But I think that. And also to get totally off the subject of crawfish lots of vegetables and hors d'oeuvres and stuff like that for a dinner party I think that that really helps. We have a friend another couple where the husband is the one who cooks all the time. <SEP> And. That's what I need. That's what I wish I had. But in our family I am the one who cooks. And I really enjoy it. It's gotten a little more difficult with kids. But I really do enjoy cooking. And we have them over for dinner back and forth quite a lot. <SEP> And before I had my second child we sort of had a contest going where he would cook and then the next time it would be my turn and I'd try to outdo him and then he'd try to outdo me. <SEP> <SEP> and we. Was really a lot of fun. I bet. <SEP> And. That got pretty competitive as far as who could come up with the best recipe. <SEP> It did. We tried to be fancier or more courses than the other. <SEP> <SEP> That would be fun. <SEP> Or. It was a lot of fun. It something unique. And then we got into different themes whether it would be ethnic food Or sometimes it would be maybe an outdoor theme or elegant theme or. <SEP> It was a lot of fun. Sometimes it might be the candlelight. And sometimes it might be the picnic out back or something. That's right. <SEP> That's fun. <SEP> It was fun. And we threatened to make the other two make us dinner one time Just to even it out since we seemed to be unfairly doing all the cooking and they were doing all the enjoying. <SEP> That sounds right I'd take him up on that. I'm. <SEP> It does. Except that knowing them they would probably do something ridiculous and terrible just to make sure that they didn't have to do it again. <SEP> I'd be. <SEP> Make hot dogs or some potato chips. <SEP> That's about how much I can cook. I'm doing a lot more cooking now than I used to. <SEP> But that's only because my mom just started working. So she's tired when she comes home in the afternoon. So I try to have things cooked for her. But I usually try to stay out of kitchen. That's nice. I don't know. <SEP> Not one of my favorite hobbies. <SEP> It can be fun if you have the time. But a lot of times it's too much of a rush really be able to enjoy it able to. My grandma speaking of those meatballs again she owned every Christmas and Easter. <SEP> Whenever we have the big get-together over at her house she makes this meat ball sauce. And it has. I don't know. They are just kind of quarter size meatballs. And they are absolutely delicious. I don't know what she calls them in. I'm sure she puts wine in it because she cooks everything with alcohol. But. <SEP> I don't know. I would be interested in getting that recipe for you if you have it around. <SEP> It's in the other room. I don't know if we have enough time for it. It's real easy. One of the unique things in this it's a pound of ground beef some bread crumbs an egg whatever seasonings. You can just light. <SEP> So salt and pepper and chopped up water chestnuts which is something different. That would be wonderful. <SEP> Makes them a little bit crunchy. You need to chop em up real fine. But it makes them crunchy. And that adds something new to it. And then the sauce is just made with bouillion cubes water burgundy wine and cornstarch instead of flour. <SEP> So it's not a thick rich type of a sauce. It's more of a. When you use corn starch in gravy when you have Chinese food That kind of a gravy or a sauce that comes with a lot of that They use corn starch instead of flour in all of their sauces and gravies. <SEP> And it gives it a bit of a different consistency. How long do you cook the meatballs. The meatballs after you form them fry them in a pan until they're browned on all sides. <SEP> And then drain off all the grease. Then what I usually do is I freeze them. And then when you're ready to serve them then you cook the sauce and then put the meatballs into the sauce And heat it. <SEP> Probably you have to heat it up for a good. If they're frozen it may take a half for them to thaw out. But then heat them thoroughly in the sauce itself. Let them simmer in the sauce itself. <SEP> And it's real good. That sounds great. Especially the fact that you can prepare the meatballs so far in advance. If you are having a dinner party on Wednesday night you could do it on a weekend. <SEP> And then freeze them. That would be great. I think I'm going to have to keep that in mind for my future because I hope to have lots of dinner parties Cause I like to. <SEP> I'm sure that I'll be involved in a big company. And I know that my future husband will be. He's going to be working for Chevron in Houston. <SEP> So he's going to be. I'm sure that dinner parties will come in handy. You'll meet friends. <SEP> Invite the boss over and friends at work. I have to impress the boss and clients cause I'm in public relations in school. <SEP> <SEP> So my whole job's going to be based on my clients'n stuff like that. So I'm going to have lots of dinner parties. And have to take'em out to eat. Right now I'm taking a class on ettiquesy. And all the little bitty things that I didn't even know. <SEP> I thought for sure I'd been raised properly. <SEP> But I've been doing a lot of things wrong I didn't know about. So Is there anything else. <SEP> I think we've covered the subject. I got some interesting information about crawfish. I was in fact. It's good cause I was curious about that today when I saw those for sale. <SEP> You need to try em. They're wonderful. I will. I'm sure my husband will be surprised'cause we were talking about them the other day before.
sw3509.txt:How do you feel about capital punishment? I'm not certain that it does a lot of good. That it ends up effectively avoiding a lot of the crimes that have capital punishment penalties. You don't think. <SEP> Yet on the other hand I don't know. There is things that. Seems like it's the right thing to do. A serial killer or somebody goes in and machine guns fifty children in a school yard. You kind of. I don't know. What about yourself? I have the same dilemma I think. It seems right sometimes. And then other times you don't know. <SEP> People. I. It's been. The Arab societies and stuff end up having effective punishments. And they're extremely severe. I think to a certain degree the reason that it doesn't serve as a deterrent may be because you never know if it's going to be applied. In Arab societies. If you get caught stealing they chop off your hand. And you walk around the rest of your life with one hand. And everybody knows exactly what for. <SEP> And here with our court system and ways of sort of screwing it around and stuff you can kind of always count on the fact. Or there is a good chance you're going to get off. And also it doesn't seem like it does that many harm. Their life is taken. But they'd spend the rest of their life in jail anyway. So I think sometimes they'd prefer just to get it over with. So it's more of the easy way out than making them pay for what they've done. <SEP> Some people. <SEP> Except that the average cost to society of having somebody in jail for all their life is extremely high. Something I was amazed at. Per year. It's something like twenty thousand dollars per inmate per year. To keep people in jail. And it's sort of a crass perspective on the usage of capital punishment. <SEP> But on the other hand I don't know if that is that serious that they're really never going to be out of jail but then again also you can't bring back lives that have been taken anyway. So it's. It doesn't. It seems that by. I don't know. Doesn't ever really. <SEP> I know. You can't. It doesn't taking one more life doesn't get things back the way they were. It doesn't bring back every. <SEP> I don't know I really don't know What state are you in? I'm in Texas. <SEP> W-. In Dallas? I'm in Austin. <SEP> Where are you calling from? Right now I'm in Utah. But I'm from Plano Texas. I see. What are the laws like in Texas? <SEP> Texas is one of the s- I guess there is more and more states that are going back to capital punishment. Texas has had it for a while. It's one of the quickest. It. Once it was reallowed. I think it was outlawed for a while by the supreme court or the interpretation of the constitution. And it seems like everybody stopped. And then once they sort of reallowed it Texas was one of the first to actually implement it again. They do it by lethal injection. <SEP> I'm originally from Kansas. And in Kansas also they almost immediately put back capital punishment. And there they do it by hanging. Still they have. I still remember the movie IN COLD BLOOD. I don't know if you've ever. I'm sure you're familiar with it. But have you seen the movie? I haven't. <SEP> That way. And they do it that way? They show it. Not. The movie was made in nineteen sixty-two or something like that. <SEP> And so it's not particularly graphic. But on the other hand it's fairly impressive to watch them walk into the room with gallows. It's kind of a barn like structure. I think they're there. I think that capital punishment is in Utah also. I'm not really familiar. Is that right? Are you there in school? I am. <SEP> But I think they d-. A long time ago I remember my dad was telling me this that they do it by a bunch of men have guns. And one of them has the real gun in it. Has a. So they don't know who killed. <SEP> Has a real bullets. And the rest of them have blanks? I certainly wouldn't want to be the executioner. I know that. <SEP> I've always said that if I had to kill and clean and do my own meat I think I'd become a vegetarian. I know. As long as you're sort of safely removed from it it seems not so bad I guess.
sw3296.txt:Now we're ready. Do you have a personal computer? We have one. You do in your home? <SEP> Ma'am. I do not have one in my home. I use one all day at work. But I don't have one at home. Do you wish you. Do you find you use it a lot? <SEP> I don't use it as much as my children and my husband do. Actually my husband and I are taking a class at our local junior college called micro computers one o one. And we're just touching on data base spreadsheets and word processing and just kind of different kinds of storage. And we're just kind of touching on a basic computer. What kind do you have? <SEP> We have an I B M compatible. It's a Gateway brand that we bought mainly for our children to have educational programs. That sounds interesting. <SEP> What kind of a computer do you use at work? I have a P S one I B M type. And I use it all day at work. And I put all my personal stuff on it at work. <SEP> So I really haven't had a need for one at home. But probably if I didn't have access to one all the time at work I'd want one at home. I worked on my airline Apollo Focal Point computer for about four years. Which was different. <SEP> But I didn't. What is that tracking the flights and things? <SEP>. How long are we supposed to talk on this? They tell us when we're through. <SEP> This is my very first time. They come in and tell us. Have you just started doing this? <SEP> They'll come in and tell us that the switchboard is full now. And it's time for you to wind up in the next thirty seconds or something like that. It's not more than five min-. <SEP> But I'm going to ignore that. That's a call on my other line. So I'm just going to ignore it. But. <SEP> I have that too. It's kind of a hassle when you have this. But other times it. Where do you work? I work at Texas Instruments. <SEP> You do? Of course. I sure do. <SEP> Of course. That's why you're making these calls? I'm doing this at home. I'm already home for the day. I see. This is a pretty good deal. I can't do it at work. I work in the legal department. So I'm pretty busy. <SEP> But I use my P C there mostly for creating legal documents. We use Word Perfect Lotus. <SEP> You do know Lotus? That's great. That's something we want to learn. It's really. I love Lotus. I think that's about my favorite. <SEP> I've heard that people that finally learn how to use it really like it. That's great. It really is. And I know there's still a hundred things I don't know how to do on it. <SEP> But you learn something every time you use it. I have a question. On this survey or whatever I volunteered for. <SEP> Do I start calling in myself. Or do I wait for people to call me? You can. Did they give you a number to call? And eight hundred number. You can start calling in whenever it's convenient for you. But you can only make one call a day. <SEP> Only one a day. If you've talked to someone like you're talking to me now and I place the call this counts as your call. <SEP> So you can not make a call now until tomorrow. I see. So then do you get the five bucks. Or do I? We both do. <SEP> We both do. That's a. Didn't they ask you for your I D number when you answered? <SEP> I had to put that in. So you both do. That's a pretty good deal. From what I understand. <SEP> Why are we doing this? It's for research. Actually I'm doing this for a friend of mine. It's a research type project on voice activated electronics. <SEP>. To. It's. <SEP> It's almost Like a voice command computer type thing. They call it the speech lab that is setting this thing up. <SEP> They're doing research for a lot of big companies from what I understand on this. I don't know everything about it. <SEP> That's wonderful. But they try to get as many people as they possibly can to contribute to this. And that way they can check voice patterns. I see. Different kinds of voices and things. And get the computer where it recognizes voices. <SEP> That's why it's interesting because I'm going to say you have an accent. I probably do because I've. And I think that I don't. To you. But. <SEP> I was born and raised in Texas. Have lived here forever. So I probably do. And you're in what city? I'm in Richardson. It's right outside of Dallas. <SEP> One of my sisters lives in Plano. And that's right outside of. Richardson's right between Dallas and Plano. <SEP> How about that. I probably went through Richardson then. You probably did. And then I have a sister that lives in Austin. <SEP> But. What are you doing way in Washington? We're actually all from Nebraska. They just are recently moved there. My brother-in-law is director of Admissions at the University of Texas in Dallas. <SEP> That's interesting. And then my sister works at the Air Force Base. So I imagine they use personal computers. <SEP> Actually. They both have personal computers. Do they do their correspondence on it? I think they just send Christmas letters on it. <SEP> As far as I. Mostly my one sister uses hers for her children. Children's games.
sw2837.txt:Are you going to tell me what you've been doing lately in the. <SEP> I'll offer anything that I can on the subject. My husband and I just moved here recently. And we bought this house about year and a half ago. What we have here now is just a basic three bedroom two bath brick house which is completely different from what I had had before. When I was working and before I married I lived in a little town south of here that is just full of old homes and historic old houses and things like that. So I tried to. I was in the process of renovating a house that was about seventy-five years old. So it had to have everything done from top to bottom to having it leveled jacked up new plumbing new wiring wallpaper paint. Everything you can think of that house had to have. You are experienced I would say. <SEP> I really did enjoy it. It was amazing what I found out I could do on my own if I just put my mind to it. I agree. <SEP> I have done something like that too only not nearly as extensive. But it must be interesting now trying to do something to a basic ranch style home. After having a one that was historical looking. <SEP> It is. It is. <SEP> That's true. When I met my husband he was living in an apartment at the time. And the town that I was living in only about eighty miles from here. So we. Really it was just. The market was so good. We hadn't really planned on buying. And as you probably heard in the Dallas and Texas area period the housing market is just unreal. You can get things for such a song. <SEP> So that's really why we ended up in a house like this. This is not what we want to stay in forever because I've found that after doing this other house I have to have my hands into stuff. And I'm always just wanting to paint and wallpaper and redo and redo. So I'm ready to get ahold of another one that I can have a little more input into. So. Maybe you can make that one charming and make a little bit money. <SEP> That's the key. The thing is when we moved in they had just painted wallpapered new carpet and everything. So I feel sort of like it's sort of defeating my purpose to go rip everything out now and do it over just because I'm in the mood to do it. So we'll see how much longer we're here. We just moved to Charlotte from Enid Oklahoma. <SEP> Oklahoma of all places. So I know of what you're talking about as far as the market was concerned. <SEP>. <SEP> And I'll tell you we had kind of a charming house. It was a cedar shake house and very weathered. And it was about fifty years old but not really traditional looking particularly. <SEP>. <SEP>. So I tried to make it after I sold my business. I in. I spent almost three years redoing. <SEP> And I considered it a full time job. It is. And when we did. We kind of had planned this trek to the east because we're both originally from this part of the country. <SEP> I see. And so I think some of the things that I did paid off. For instance one thing that I did that might even be a good suggestion for you was something I did on the outside. <SEP>. I love old estate sales. <SEP> I happened to go to just a little estate sale just a little white frame house where the couple was very old and had gone into nursing homes. <SEP>. And all the men started going down to the barn. <SEP>. And so I th-. I'm going. <SEP> That's where I need to go. I'm going to the barn too. They auctioned some tools and things like that. <SEP>. But then they went over and started auctioning this big stack of bricks. <SEP> And so I thought I've been wanting to do some brick walkways for a time. <SEP> Work. Anyway it ended up after some pretty heavy bidding that I got all those bricks for forty dollars. <SEP>. And so my husband and I loaded bricks in his pickup truck for days. <SEP>. But what we ended up with was about four thousand. <SEP> For forty dollars? For forty dollars. And so what we did. We had built a deck on the back of that house. <SEP> But it needed. And it was quite large into the yard. Something. <SEP> But on either side of it to the ends of the house it just needed to be all tied together. So we made brick patios and walkways. <SEP> How fun. How nice. And so for. And he did the digging which was about six inches. <SEP> But I figured the sand and all had that delivered and leveled it and placed most all the bricks. <SEP>. <SEP> And it turned out beautifully. I bet. And what satisfaction to know that you did it in such an inexpensive way. It nearly killed me. <SEP> But you did stagger back and say doesn't this look nice. I hated to leave it. Let me ask you. When you laid those bricks. I know my parents bought a house about ten years ago. They're fixing to sell it again and move again. They're kind of. My mom's like I am. She's a renovator a lover of old things. <SEP> And they have to be doing something constantly. And the patio that came with that house was not laid on a. I don't know if you can put some sort of a plastic sheeting or something on top of the sand and then lay the bricks. We. But they have a problem with these little sand bugs or something that drill in between all these bricks. I. <SEP> And of course you have the weeds that come up in between the bricks and things like that. I didn't have that trouble because we laid the. I did get some material and studied every bit of material that I could study. But we laid those bricks about as close as you can get them. <SEP> I see. Because when you start. And we put them on a base of four inches of sand. <SEP> And then we swept sand in between. But it was an error to leave an eighth of an inch or whatever. You just put them together as close as you can. <SEP> As tight as you can. That's probably because they had. Every spring my mom says we're going to have a barbecue and tell everybody guess what. We're going to redo the patio. We're going to pull up all the bricks. But they just haven't brought themselves to do it. <SEP> So. And I also used a rubber hammer a lot to. <SEP> If it wasn't quite level or something I'd just get that rubber hammer and prob-. I think that they could. If they have problems with sand bugs of some kind I think all they need to do is probably put some insecticide down in there on a fairly regular basis for a while anyway. <SEP>. <SEP> The thing that's funny is they've done things like that. I'll catch her out there spraying around. And then it's like in two days time they'll come home from work. And those little things are back. It's just they're the most resilient little characters. And so I don't know what they're finally going to do. She may just. Hopefully they'll sell the house and go somewhere else. <SEP> I think she needs to take them to the extension agent and ask him what they are. And then she won't have to worry about it. And. <SEP> What are these things? Is it diazinon. Or what is it that will. Dursban or something like that. <SEP> What it is that'll take care of them. Dursban. I think in this area or most all areas they use for ticks and fleas. <SEP> And they're awful hard to do anything with. <SEP> That's true. That's true. But my dad farms. And she's always telling him isn't there something that you can bring home with you that kills everything that you spray out in the field that you can get rid of these bugs. But. I bet Dursban would do it. <SEP> It might do it. She's got just a gorgeous yard so many flowers and her four cats. So she's sort of real funny about what she sprays. I think you probably just need to make sure that it dries very very well before she lets her cats out or something like that. <SEP>. <SEP> Deb we could talk all day couldn't we. I know. It just seems. As I said when I heard what the subject was I thought I haven't thought about what I went through at that other house in so long. I've been so busy. But I don't know. Of everything that I did I guess I enjoyed probably wallpapering the most. And I thought that would be the hardest thing to do. <SEP> But I ended up wallpapering every bedroom in that house up the stairway even. I just had a ball with it. <SEP> It was so much fun. Good. And I've sworn up and down. My mom's great grandparents had this huge Victorian house in Paris Texas. And the one thing that she ended up with was the old door that was on the front door of that house. <SEP> And she has that up in her attic. And I have sworn that it. I'm going to find a house to put that door on before she does. <SEP> So as far as looking toward the future that's my plan. I'm going to have to move fast though because as a.
sw3239.txt:Do you have any pets? I do. I have a dog named Grisly who's a ten year old mixed breed between Golden Retriever Afghan Hound and Chow. <SEP> And I have a pair of box turtles. I used to have box turtles years ago when I was growing up. <SEP> I really like them. I do too. Lucky and Spot that's their names. <SEP> And they live in an aquarium without water in my family room. And my dog thinks he's a mother turtle and always has his nose all around my turtle box. So do you have any pets now? We have one dog a Bichon Frise. Our friends in Houston bred the dogs. I had never heard of them. <SEP> I haven't either. They're all white. And they're small and fluffy. They don't shed. I guess they're distantly related to a poodle. But they're not very well known in this country. And they're not high strung or over bred. <SEP> And how big do they get. Ours is on the small end. And she's about ten pounds. And they range from probably ten to sixteen pounds. That's interesting. And they love people and kids. And that was something we were looking for. Our love is Golden Retrievers. And that's what we had intended to get in Houston. But we had a small yard and a pool. And knowing how they love to dig and love the water we thought that was kind of a tough climate. <SEP> Ye-. The water. So we ended up getting this. And my son would rather have a Golden Retriever though I think. <SEP> Now he wants a good size dog. We've got a good size dog. And we were considering getting a puppy a small house lap top dog for him because he likes other animals and for me because we used to have a miniature Dachshund. And I miss having a little one around. <SEP> The kind you have sounds very interesting though. They're really sweet dogs. We thought probably our neighborhood in Houston had more of this breed than any other place just because of the family that had them and bred them. They had five litters of puppies. And a lot of them stayed in the neighborhood. <SEP>. Because. <SEP> And how do you spell that breed? It's B I C H O N F R I S E. F R I S E. And how do you pronounce that? Bichon Frise. <SEP> I'm writing it out phonetically. They're. And they don't shed. So they're good dogs for people with allergies. And they love people. And they're. <SEP> Do they bark a lot? Not really. Ours barks more than some because she spent a lot of time at our friends' house. We used to swap back and forth dogs. They have three dogs. They had a Cockapoo and two Bichons. And she didn't bark at all until she spent time there. <SEP> And now it's funny. She's a good watch dog. And if there's she'll bark that way. But she also talks a lot. She has a definite personality. <SEP> And so if we're leaving her she barks at us because she doesn't want to be left. <SEP> Does she ever mess in the house? And they're very smart dogs. The circuses in Europe used to use them for the acts. They'll dance on their hind legs each. <SEP>. But they're very easy to train. <SEP> And. And about how much are they? They range. I'd noticed up here they're a lot more expensive it seemed to me from the ads in the paper. They run anywhere from two hundred to four hundred dollars which I thought was a lot. <SEP> And how about the person in Houston? She's no longer breeding them. <SEP> But because her dogs the second one that she has was one of the puppies from the litter. And the one male that she used had a tooth problem. And so she only bred that dog once because it had the tooth problem and did them strictly as pets they weren't show quality. <SEP> Just pets. <SEP> That's what we'd rather have is just a pet instead of. Ri-. We used to show Saint Bernards when I was a little girl. We did that every weekend. But takes a lot of time. <SEP> And it's very expensive. But she might have some contacts here. I know that the dog's grandmother was from Plano. That's where I live. That's where I live too. <SEP> I'm at Coit and Legacy.
sw2486.txt:What do you usually wear to work? I am basically retired now. <SEP> I was a member. I was in education and in administration. So basically I wore dresses. And heels. <SEP> And I because my work often took me into court never was one that got accustomed to wearing pants suits and pants to work. But that was just me. I know many people are very comfortable in the classroom and what have you wearing pants. <SEP> It. I guess I was just old enough not to be very comfortable in it. How about you? I work at T I. And they don't really have uh dress code so to speak there. It's pretty lax about. You can pretty much wear whatever you want to. And I wear anything from jeans when I'm feeling really casual to suits and dresses when I'm meeting with a customer. Or I teach training classes and so when I'm teaching a class obviously I wear a suit or dress. <SEP> So. It definitely fluctuates mainly with what I'm going to be doing that day and kind of what my mood is. And when it's raining I'm more likely to wear jeans. <SEP> And when it's really cold I'm more likely to wear jeans or pants or sweaters or that type of thing. But it just really depends on the weather and my mood. And then obviously when I'm doing anything that I'm in front of people or making presentations teaching whatever. I'm going to dress up more. <SEP> And I think that does make a difference. Because when you do have to be in front of people I think the tendency there is to wear dresses and suits and more classical style of clothing. <SEP> What about the mini skirt? There are a few people every now and then that wear those to work. They're pretty strict about that though. I've never worn. I just wouldn't. Even to. Jeans aren't exactly professional. But for some reason a mini skirt is to me a little more unprofessional to wear to work than jeans. Maybe it's just because of the sexist views and everything. But you just feel like you're showing too much le-. I don't know. I wouldn't want to wear a mini skirt to work. <SEP> We-. I have seen a few people do it though. But they weren't overly shor-. And they weren't overly revealing. They were pretty much in good taste. But. For me I just wouldn't want to do that. <SEP> There are mini skirts and there are mini skirts. There are some that are really short. And then there are some that may be will come like four inches or five inches above the knee. That's what I've seen. <SEP> And again it depends upon the size the shape of the person as well as the shape of the person's legs. <SEP> I also. Even though I retired from education I do modeling. And I teach at a modeling agency here. So when we are doing wardrobing we do discuss a great deal the mini skirt and the types of clothes to wear on the job. <SEP> Even though I may have them from sixth grade on up through grandmothers in my class. And I always try to emphasize the clothes that you wear should not necessarily be the greatest fad. <SEP> Because maybe those are not the clothes that are the most appealing to you or the most complimentary to you. But the mini skirt many times will evoke comments you don't really want. <SEP> And then you're in the situation where you're very unhappy. I feel like too on the job when there's men around and some of the managers are men you don't want them looking at your legs necessarily. That's right. And to me I just wouldn't feel comfortable in that at work. But. <SEP> I have to agree with that even when they was very very popular in the early sixties. I. Again maybe because I was at the school there were still many teachers who wore mini skirts. <SEP> We had no regulation against it. And a lot of the kids did of course. And it could be very embarrassing for the men teachers. Because they were not that careful in how they handled themselves in those mini skirts. <SEP> And so I think I do not like to see in the corporate areas all the women dressed like men with the suits and white shirts and ties and what have you so that they all look exactly the same. <SEP> I don't like that. I don't. I think there should be individuality in dressing. Even with the very tailored look of a suit sometimes I like to have just a little something that's feminine. Not. You don't want to over do it but just a little a touch of it just to say I am a woman. <SEP> But I can be professional too. And I don't think that you have to be manish and extremely tailored to look professional. <SEP> I think that you make of that what you wish. And you can go the opposite direction and over do all the frills and laces and flounces and what have you which don't belong at least in my opinion in the work place. But that. You can have a classical look without a great deal of adornment and what have you and still be very feminine. <SEP> Because that was one thing I always fought against. I started out as a physical education teacher. So I was always fighting against the idea of looking tailored or manish. <SEP> And people would never ever guess that I was Phys Ed. And that pleased me. And so then I of course just continued what I considered the best style of clothing for me at work. And I find even at home here now I will wear blue jeans or I'll wear shorts and what have you and be very comfortable. But when I go out somewhere then unless I have a pair of dress slacks I don't usually wear a lot of blue jeans. <SEP> I have difficulty getting them to fit me comfortably any how. And so I just feel that each person has to dress to their own liking and for their own comfort. <SEP> But there are certain norms that companies should be able to put out as guidelines for their employees. That's one thing I like about T I is that they aren't overly strict about what you wear. And your boss doesn't come up to you and say remember tomorrow you have a meeting so you'd better wear a suit. They leave it up to you and your judgment to use good judgment and dress tastefully and dress for whatever occasion you may have. <SEP>. The only real restrictions they have are no halter tops and no shorts even the long walking short of the squirts the split skirts anything that could be considered shorts they don't allow. <SEP> That's good. And they don't allow any sweat shirts or t shirts that might have vulgar or anything like that on it. But other than that it's pretty lax. <SEP> And I think that's good because it does allow people to be individual. And it allows you to kind of dress the way you feel that day. Or if you want to be comfortable and casual you can. And sometimes I think you may be more productive if you're comfortable with what you're wearing and can feel more relaxed. Whereas sometimes when you're in the suit and feel kind of almost stiff and maybe you can't get as comfortable to sit down. <SEP> And when I'm writing training material I prefer to be more comfortable unless I know I have to meet with a customer later during the day. So I think that is good that they're like that. I do know there's a lot of companies that are very strict about what the employees wear. And they must wear blue or gray or black and a white shirt and no variation. <SEP> And I don't quite agree with that. I don't either. Fortunately I don't have to work in those companies. <SEP> But I did have a group come over from one of the banks over the children's hospital where I was volunteering. And they were doing a presentation. And every one of the young execs coming up were dressed exactly a like men and women. They all had on the gray jackets and the gray trousers or skirts and the white blouses and the same color tie. You could hardly tell the women from the men except for the lengths of the pants. And one was a skirt and one was a pant. <SEP> And I think that's sad because that doesn't allow for any individuality. That's can stifle creativity. I agree. <SEP> It. I guess we've talked probably long enough. I guess so. It's been nice talking with you. Nice talking to you too. I enjoyed it. <SEP>.
sw3447.txt:The way. I'll go ahead and start. The way I dress for work this year nineteen ninety-one has been really suit and tie. Or I shouldn't say suit but coat and tie every day. <SEP> A year ago I changed jobs from being a researcher to doing marketing for the research group. <SEP> I guess it's a different set of standards. So I dress almost the same every day. Pretty much it's a white shirt and slacks and shoes and a coat. <SEP>. <SEP> But it was very different before. How do you dress? I'm a drafter. So I just wear blue jeans and tennis shoes. And I have sweatshirt on today. <SEP> And that's pretty much the norm for me. If I come in in a dress everybody's shocked. I understand. They ask me what are you doing in a dress. And it's usually I haven't done my laundry lately. <SEP> Ran out of jeans. I understand. That's funny. So does it change? Your dress. <SEP> Or I guess do you have things like presentations to do or anything like that? So back in my old job up until through nineteen eighty I would usually wear blue jeans and pullover shirts and the like. <SEP> But probably once a month or so there was some reason that I would have to put on a suit. For a customer presentation or something. <SEP> Every now and then I'll get dressed up and come in. But that's for my husband's job and not mine. I see. I understand. I have to go to a business meeting once a month with him. But. That's interesting. <SEP> Let's see what else about this. It seems like T I is pretty cut and dried with two or three levels. That there's the upper management that always wears gray suits. And the people that don't. <SEP> If I want to say don't have power or don't have authority or whatever like I used to be in that research. <SEP> And I guess you are. That we dress in the jeans. And then there's kind of the branch manager level or marketing people that kind of do that middle thing. <SEP>. But there's not much. <SEP> Middle of the road. It's nice that there's not a requirement for it. <SEP> Sometimes I think there should be. Some of these women around here look like they came off of Harry Hines. I guess you see those once in a while. <SEP> And they have the no shorts deal. And some of these mini skirts are worse than shorts ever thought about being. But I guess that's one of the things you got to put up with when you don't have a dress code. <SEP> That's right. That's right. I guess they're the isn't there a dress code something about spaghetti straps. I'm not even sure what they are. Supposedly and backless things. Backless. <SEP> But I've seen those too. But. So this wasn't necessarily a big conversation. But I think we did it. <SEP> And your name was Lisa. Lisa. <SEP> Are you the Expressway sites? I am. And I work in the north building. Thank you. <SEP> Thank you.
sw3682.txt:What kind of foods would you have? <SEP> I like to cook. I do too. But I don't like getting too awfully fancy about it just because it's too much pressure. <SEP> If I have people over for dinner I like it to be nice and relaxed. You can't enjoy it. <SEP>. And so I don't like when they arrive for me to be completely worn out. That's what. I like doing things like making lasagna just because I can have it ready and baking in the oven. <SEP> It's. Everybody just says how wonderful it is. And it's. <SEP> I. That's one of those things I got famous for in college. People would come and say would you come over and make lasagna for me. <SEP> It's I can't really give you a recipe. You'd just do it. I can just do it. <SEP> I like doing that kind of stuff. And it's fun. In fact that's what we had for a Christmas party last week. <SEP> We just had a bunch of people over. And we did lasagna and garlic bread and yummy. I like that. I do too in fact. <SEP> I'm planning a. And naturally this is appropriate because I'm planning dinner for people tomorrow night and then the next night. <SEP> So Tuesday night there'll be eight people here altogether. Actually one thing we have done quite a bit through the holidays just because it's real easy is just baked potato dinners. And have three or four couples come over. And I'll do the potatoes and butter and cheese and stuff and have everybody else just bring a couple of toppings whatever they like. <SEP> And it turns out great because you've got hot sauce and taco meat and barbecue and bacon and all that good stuff. That's fun. <SEP> But it's inexpensive. Plus it's real easy on the hostess because you can just have the potatoes ready and just have a salad with it. And you got a great dinner. <SEP> That's a good idea. It's real easy. I like doing that part. I'm in favor of very little clean up very little planning because we've got three or four couples that we get together with to play games. <SEP>. And it's. <SEP> We invariably end up at my house since I've got two kids. And it's fine because then I can just say. You bring this. You bring this. You bring this. We're done. <SEP> And it's pretty cool. That's good. One of my favorites is to make chicken and rice. <SEP> It's very easy to. <SEP> You don't like it? I love it. You do. I have a really easy recipe for that where you just brown the chicken. And then you put rice in the bottom of the pan. You pour bouillon or chicken broth over it. <SEP> And you put the chicken in then pour the broth over. And you can put mushrooms in if you want. And then you just. Over the uncooked rice? Over uncooked rice. <SEP> And you can either microwave it. Or do it in the oven. And it just. How neat. It fluffs up. And it's really moist. I've done it where you but cook the rice and then take a can of cream of mushroom soup or cream of chicken soup and put a little bit of white wine in it. <SEP> And every once in a while I'll slice white grapes. And I'll put in there. And that's just because I'm not a real big wine person. But I like it. It adds something to the chicken. <SEP> And then just bake it. And it makes a wonderful sauce over the rice. I'll keep that one in mind. <SEP> That was one of the first things I made for my husband because I was. I could actually find something I could cook real easy that would be sort of elegant kind of. <SEP> You can get away with it even having a semi nice dinner. <SEP> Or semi. But then I hadn't thought about doing it with uncooked rice. Just in a thirteen by nine pan. <SEP> You put in. Let's see what was it three quarters of cup of rice. Or. <SEP> It depends on. You can really vary it. But you have to put the water in proportionally. I can't remember. I think it was three quarters cup rice to two cups water two cups broth. I use that for rice. And for when I cook pasta or something I'll put a little bit of bouillon in there just to give it a little extra flavor. <SEP> Flavor. That would be good. <SEP> How long do you have to bake it? Let's see. I think it was an hour. I've done it in the microwave so often lately because it's really easy. I do microwave too a lot. <SEP> But I think it's about an hour. How long would it be in the microwave? Or maybe it's only half hour. <SEP> You just. Until the rice looks fluffy and not overdone. Before it gets overdone. <SEP> Do you just brown the chicken to get it colored. Or do you go ahead and let it cook through? <SEP> I'd let it cook just a little bit just so that the cooking goes a little faster. This is a beneficial call. I like this. <SEP> I liked your idea too there. But that one's an easy one. It's like just put in. A friend of mine makes it where she goes ahead and seasons up with the soup and the wine. Put in garlic and onion powder or chopped onions if you want to do that. However much effort you feel like putting into it. <SEP>. But it makes a great. I've got a two year old and a four year old. And they love it. <SEP> Because my daughter calls it her gravy. And she thinks it's wonderful. Good you're a picky eater if I can get you to.
sw3124.txt:The weather certainly has been hot. And it's been humid. I don't remember a year in a long time that the humidity has stayed up this high this late into. It's not really late into the summer. But the humidity has hung around all of June. Are you native to this area? I grew up in Michigan. But I've been in Texas for fifteen years. <SEP>. But I know the summers get hot. But it certainly. <SEP> This humidity has just really hung on there. It seemed like last year was so strange having all those heavy heavy rains in April. And this year we really didn't have heavy rains until May. Kind of pushed the season back a little farther. And now it's kind of lingering with kind of still a bit of humidity. And it just tried to rain. I was coming in from my car just a few minutes ago. And it was trying to rain which seems strange to have it raining in July. <SEP> Normally we don't have too much humidity or rainy time when it's past June. That's right. That's right. I can remember it not. It's really August that it happens. You get those great big cracks in the ground where it's been so dry. And it just gets so dry. And the earth opens up. I can remember the first year I moved here. <SEP> And it didn't rain. I moved here in late August. And it didn't rain from August until December. And I went home and told it just doesn't rain in Texas. It was great after growing up in Michigan and every day was cloudy. Almost every day was cloudy. And you sort of forget how much it did rain. And coming here and then it didn't rain. It was just wonderful. <SEP> I lived in Ohio mainly. I lived in Pontiac just a little while before I came down here. And so many times when you were trying to schedule outdoor activities you just never knew if it was going to be a go or not because of the weather. It might rain on your little parade. That's right. That's right. <SEP> And here it was like pretty much you could schedule some activity outside anytime. And you really didn't have too much of a chance of it getting rained out. You could pretty much do whatever you wanted to do. That's right. <SEP> What part of Michigan were you living in? I grew up in Dearborn which is a suburb of Detroit. <SEP> You probably know where that is because I know where Pontiac is. So. <SEP> What brought you down here? A teaching job. So you teach in Plano schools? I did for a while. So I'm home with two children. So. <SEP>. New career. New career. <SEP> But. So that kind of. I had been down here to visit. So I school and said let's find a place that has a nice job. And that's how it worked out. I think a lot of people were leaving Michigan all about the time I came here in the early eighties. And it seemed like it was almost a mass exodus. <SEP> You know the little joke about will the last person leaving Michigan just turn out the light. It's a nice place. That's a nice place though. I said I lived in the Pontiac. I didn't live in the city of Pontiac. I lived to the west of it. I forget the county. But where all the lakes are around there. Sort of. <SEP> I lived in an apartment complex on one of the lakes. It was real close to where I worked. It was only four miles to work. And it was wonderful being on the lake like that. In the summer you feel like you're on a vacation all the time because you're right on a lake. And everybody's out enjoying the water and such. And in the winter time the lakes froze over. You could still kind of go sledding and such out there. But I thought it was just really neat to be out there on all those lakes. There's lots of really small ones out there. Maybe a mile two long. <SEP> That's enough to do some boating. That's right. And it was lots of fun. That's right. I think Lake Whitmore is the only one I have real memories of. Which is. <SEP> I think it's toward Ann Arbor. So it's probably out in that direction. But that's the only one I probably could name after all these years. But. <SEP> But it was just lots of little lakes. And of course it was a little more expensive to live on the lake. But I just thought that was grand. And I think a lot of people didn't really know that there were all those lakes out there unless you were from that area and kind of spotted them. But there was quite a few lakes all around there. It was almost like you were living on an island. There was so much water around where I was. I said I wasn't close to downtown Pontiac. I was way out to the west maybe four or five miles from the city limits. And it was really nice out there. <SEP> We had Pine Knob to go skiing and stuff. <SEP> So there were things around there. Really was pretty nice. And isn't that where they have a summer music festival there too? <SEP> In the summertime they have musicals there. And in the winter time they make snow and have a ski slope. That's right. That's right. I know we used to. We didn't do a lot of it. But. We did. So those are always fun. And Alpine was it Alpine was another ski slope that we went to. <SEP> So It was nice. I always tell people that in the winter we used to. My dad would kind of bank up the snow in the backyard and turn the hose on make a pond in the backyard for us. <SEP> But we probably did some ice skating on it. But then it chipped. And it would melt or whatever and get pretty uneven. So. We used to have a. Christmas time some of our relatives would come up from Alabama. And I think most times we would have snow around Christmas. And the kids when they were young would just go nuts. <SEP> Because they were from Alabama where it never snowed. And they just had a grand time watching the snow and getting out there and playing in it eternally. <SEP> If only it would make nice snow here in Texas we'd be okay at Christmas time. My first winter here. I came down in early eighty-two. And there was just a freak snowfall early one morning in December couple days before Christmas. It lasted only a few hours. By noon it was gone. <SEP> And I remember getting up and somebody telling me better wait to go to work because the roads are all snow. And I was laughing going that's a good practical joke. <SEP> They said really there's snow. And there was but a very short time. And the weather got warm so quick. It just melted it all away. I know. <SEP> Course when we get an ice storm that's not too much fun. That's not fun either. So I just as soon have all the slushy snow on the streets than have the ice on the streets. But we have. Our house is kind of on a little hill. So we get the sled out. And the kids go down the hill on the sleds when it's icy. They just go down the ice. <SEP> And if it's cold we say out you go. I think we must be the only people on the block that make use of that cold weather and get out there. <SEP> I think it's fun. Even the couple of ice storms I've gotten out there in my ski pants or something and still just been out and enjoying it a little bit. Sometimes the ice is pretty bad. But if you get on the grassy kind of part you get a little bit of traction not slip and fall. First.
sw2640.txt:I don't know what you think about the subject. I had never really thought of what they said before about allowing the sentencing to go to the judge instead of the jury and allowing him to do that. I've been kind of sitting here thinking about that a little bit while I was waiting for them to phone somebody. And I don't know that that's not a good idea. That's not a bad idea. I. That. They probably need to change it somehow. The whole system needs changing. We've just got too many people in there and are putting too many people in jail that probably don't need to be there. I agree. <SEP> And it's another form of sentencing. But on that one thing I still think it should be a unanimous decision. I agree. <SEP> I think we're getting to the point now where they're going to eventually let it be majority vote. And that's not going to be good. I don't like that. I don't like that at all. I know my husband served on a jury a few months ago up here in Denton. But it was a drug conviction. And I don't remember. He had some cocaine and was accused of selling it. And I don't remember exactly how much he had. But actually not selling it. There's a difference. Couriering it is what. Ther- is supposedly a difference from selling then being a courier. And he was a courier. <SEP> And he sat on that jury. And they found him guilty. And they went through the sentencing phase and everything. And they were told during the trial that this is this guy's first offense. And he's got this clean record. And they ended up. The jury decided it's time to crackdown here. And it was time to do this drug thing. And let's crackdown. And let's really. And they sentenced him to fifteen years which they thought that that was a good thing. And they sentencing him to fifteen years. And after it was all over they sit down with the judge and with the other two lawyers. And they were told that he would probably serve three of the fifteen and that he had three previous convictions. <SEP>. However they could not tell the jury that during the trial because all three of them were in appeal. <SEP> So the jury didn't know about it. So here they based their sentencing thinking that this was this guy's first offense. So we'll give him fifteen which will teach him a lesson. But it's just horrible since it was first offense. <SEP> And he'd been convicted three times before. And the jury was very upset. And my husband came home very upset. He felt that they had been tricked. <SEP> So something. I wonder if a judge didn't have control of that if some of that would change. The judge might know. Or at least it wouldn't hurt to switch over there and see if it worked any better. If it didn't we can come back for something else. Or. That's true. That's very true. <SEP> Or what we've got. So. We definitely need a change in the system. And. Obviously what we are doing is not working. <SEP> It's not working too. It's just piling up on us. And there's people in our prisons that are not being rehabilitated in any way shape or form. <SEP> And either they're in there forever or when they get out it's a matter of a few months. And they're going to be right back for the same thing. So the system. <SEP> We're just a society not willing to spend the time or the money to do what it takes. So. That's very true. I was talking to a friend of mine about this the other day. And I said I understand that there are a lot of countries that rely on the United States to. And the people in those countries rely on our money to survive. <SEP> But I really believe that we need to take care of ourselves. We. And the-. I know people say it would be cruel to pull our aid from these other countries. And maybe so. So tell them you've got five years. To work out a plan to make it on your own. <SEP>. And we will continue funding you for the next two years. After two years we'll cut it down seventy-five percent. <SEP> And after another year we'll cut it fifty percent. And in five years it sh-. By then you all should have a plan worked where you can make it on your own without our help. And then we will have the money if we would do that to work on your own system because we've got some serious problems here. <SEP> And we're trying to heal the world. Very serious. It's just not working. <SEP> You're right. I look at the aid presented to the Kurds. And I feel sorry for them. And I know they're suffering. And I know they're dying everyday. But we've got kids here in the United States that are dying everyday too. And being abused and neglected. <SEP>. And I don't know. I just have this problem with trying to heal the world when you're so sick yourself. <SEP> You bet. So. We seem to agree on the jury thing. But we'll need an unanimous verdict. And maybe let the judge have a opportunity to make a decision. <SEP> I think we should try it like you say. If it doesn't work we can always come back. But I think it would be a good idea to try it. <SEP> I do too. So anyway we all agree. Good. <SEP> Good to hear from you. You too.
sw2597.txt:This is a good subject isn't it? It's something that you can really talk about. <SEP> I don't know what we're going to do about it. But it's certainly something that has a lot of things to talk about. When they say the Middle East it's such a big area. <SEP> And there's so many different problems there. What do you want to concentrate on. It doesn't matter to me. I'll tell you something. I have a sister-in-law from Israel. <SEP> And they're really quite arrogant about it all. They believe that they belong there. And they've belonged there forever. And the Palestinians and the Arabs are more or less. They consider them second class. They're really quite arrogant about it. I don't know if that contributes to the problem. <SEP> How did they feel about the United States intervening with Patriot missiles. Did they. I'm sure this is the one time that the Israelis are really happy to have their big brothers the Americans. But I didn't really talk about that with her. My sister-in-law now lives in Switzerland. <SEP> But when they were living in Israel it was the Palestinians they come in. And they're nothing but really servants for them. And they really treat them like second class citizens. They don't really want them around. But they like them around because they do all the menial labor and such. But they really do. They look down on them. And I don't know being. I live in Vermont. And being up here we pretty much treat everybody as someone that has merit even if they're poor or if they're Hispanic or if they're black. We give everybody pretty much the benefit of a doubt because we don't see all the crime and all the hurt in the big cities. <SEP> If I lived in Washington D C I think I'd have a different attitude about Black people. Because I've heard that they're terrible. It's just like it's a dog eat dog world. And here all my black friends are professionals. And they don't go out and abuse drugs. And they send their kids to school. And they really encourage them to go to college and stuff. So it's just a different world. <SEP> I live in San Antonio. And fifty percent of the population is minority. I talked to someone about San Antonio. And they said that you have quite the problem with the ghettos. I don't know. Do they call it the barrio down there. <SEP> That's the barrios. But I don't think it's any different of a problem than any other major city. It's just Hispanics here instead of Blacks. But I heard that it just has a really bad problem. I grew up outside of Houston. And as far as gang violence and things I don't think it's any worse here than in Houston. Houston. Me not even knowing anything about Houston I would think that it's a pretty calm city. <SEP> Houston is not at all. There's a lot of crime? There's quite a bit of crime. We're so protected up here. It's really strange. Our red light district you could go walking around down there and pretty much not fear for your life. <SEP> And we're just so protected. But over in the Mid East especially Israel it's just like Israelis have a totalitarian system when it comes to the Palestinians. The Israelis can do anything they want. But when it comes to Palestinians if they're out in the street at night it's really looked on as odd. Usually they're bussed in to the Jewish neighborhoods and the Jewish cities. And then at night they're bussed out to the occupied territories. So they don't have that. But what do you think about the mess we've created in Iraq? <SEP> I think it's unfortunate as far as the Kurds are concerned. It. I thi-. It's just what do you do for them. You want to do something for them. But you don't want to get so directly involved that you're occupying the country. We can't get involved in their civil war unfortunately. But we've kind of driven these people out. To do it. But President Bush is telling them rebel uprise. And that's what they did. And now they're asking him for help. And he's we can't get involved. My husband had very strong feelings. He agreed with the General Schwartzkopf. He said Bush should have let him finish his job. <SEP> He should have let them corner the Republican Guards. I think the war ended too soon. That's what everyone says. <SEP> Everyone I talk to they says. It's real easy to say that. We didn't damage enough of their arsenal. We damaged most of it. But we should have made sure we got everything. I don't think the higher ups were thinking about what this guy's going to do with the rest of his war machine. They're going it's not going to hurt us. So we're just going to let them go. But really we didn't think about the people that he was going tr-. And he's just. <SEP> Unfortunately though the original goal of the mission was to drive them out of Kuwait. And once that was accomplished it. They stuck right to their goals. And. What they were going to say. And the American people when this first started they were even reluctant to let them do that. <SEP> They were playing it very safe. But it an ounce what do they say an ounce of hind sight is worth whatever. Schwartzkopf knew what had to be done. And it's too bad that he just didn't have the ability just to do it the go ahead to do it. <SEP> Because he had the fu-. He knew what was going to happen more than any of us. Because I didn't realize that. It was going to make such a mess. I feel really sorry for these people. These people are middle class people just like us. Can you imagine if someone started bombing your neighborhood. And you knew this. These people are going to come. And if you were in your house they were going to take you and beat you. Of course you're just going pick everything up that you can carry. And you're going to run. <SEP> And it's just too bad that we couldn't see that. I just have a feeling that the military involvement isn't over yet. That I still feel like there's more to come. I don't think this whole issue is settled as far as we're concerned. You know what I was hoping? I was hoping Iran was going to take a very dramatic stand and invade. And then Iran's the big bad guy. But if they were going to save people's lives. <SEP> They've got sixty or so of Iraq's planes. I know. It's like they were using them as friends when we were having the conflict. But I almost swear I'm kind of disappointed with the Iranians. Why they didn't go save. I don't know if the Kurdish. I know the Shiites are their people. But I don't know. I think they have a bond with the Kurds. <SEP> There are some Kurds living in Iran. I think they should have just done more. And maybe if the world could have given them some type of aid. It's just so complicated. I was real surprised that Israel stayed out of it as much as they did. You. Knowing them they're very. I don't know. Almost compare them to a very egotistical man. <SEP> You're damn right. I'm going to protect my family. So I was amazed too. I was really proud of them though that they stayed out of it. But. From what I can tell if they had gotten into it it would have started a whole new war. I. That part scared me. That the Egyptians would pull out. And I just saw atomic bomb.
sw3331.txt:What I believe is one of the major things that is wrong with our public school system is that we do not have enough discipline. And the parents do not let the teachers discipline the children the way that they need to be disciplined right now. <SEP>. I agree with that. When I went to school I know I was scared to death about being disciplined. <SEP> You were? And the discipline that my daughter receives now in going to school is just totally different. <SEP> I did not see anybody in my classrooms when I was going to school act up the way that kids do these days in the classroom. <SEP> From what I understand they act up pretty bad. That's right. That's right. What grade is your daughter in? My daughter's in the fourth grade. <SEP> And there's children in her classroom that just totally disrupt the classroom where the teacher can not teach. <SEP> And when I went to school that just wasn't put up with. They always had a paddle in our school. <SEP> They just don't do that any more. I know. But the school system's afraid of getting sued and all sorts of lawsuits because of things like that. <SEP>. And I also believe even though I feel like I pay a good share towards the school system that the teachers are still underpaid. And we still don't have enough money put in toward public school. <SEP>. And I think that if we had enough money and paid the teachers a little bit more that maybe that could solve some of our problems. <SEP> Wasn't that what part of the lottery is going to go for if we approve it? Supposedly that's what it's suppose to go for. And we'll just have to wait and see whether that's approved or not. <SEP> I don't know your feelings toward that. I guess we shouldn't get into that. And what else. <SEP> I think in some ways that they need to be more careful of the teachers that they hire. I have heard stories from other parents that I know of that teachers are out there giving drugs and selling drugs. <SEP>. <SEP> I've heard some horrible horrible stories about high school teachers. And to be more careful of the teachers that we place in our school. <SEP> That's basically about all that I know that may be wrong with the school system. With what they have to work with I think they're doing a pretty good job right now. <SEP> I do too. I think they're doing real good job. So. But then what do I know. You don't have any children in school? Don't have any kids. <SEP> I don't have any kids. None at all. So this is probably a real hard subject for you. <SEP>. I guess we can discontinue our call now. It was a joy in talking with you. <SEP> It was good talking to you too. We'll see you.
sw2719.txt:Do you exercise a lot? It's scaled back considerably. Right now my exercise is pretty much limited to softball league and occasional ride on the bike. But I just nine months ago got married and bought a house. So my outside activities have been curtailed a lot. Is mowing the lawn a new exercise? <SEP> Lawn. It's a forty year old house. So we are doing a lot of refurbish work. And. Painting lawn gutters. You name it all kinds of stuff flower beds. I think that's considered exercise whether you want it or not. <SEP> That's true. That's true. There's always something to do. And it keeps me going. But. You are so far ahead of me. I used to walk two miles a day. <SEP> And I really enjoyed it. Because the two miles went fairly quickly. I could do it in twenty-eight minutes. <SEP> And that's not stopping and talking to everyone along the way. But it's a lot. It's not too strenuous. And I could sort all kinds of things out and make plans and everything. But I don't know what I did to my knee. I was crawling under a desk hooking up a computer. <SEP> And I mashed it wrong or I did something. And the doctor has had me on medication. And she doesn't want me to walk. She said that's while it's healing you're going to mess it up. So I can't walk. <SEP> And she said the most conservative approach you do the medicine again and again before you think of surgery. And I don't want her to think of surgery on my knee. I don't want anyone to think about that ever. <SEP> That's a tough situation. That's that microscopic stuff. Not my kneecap. <SEP> So I'm being very good. But I miss it. I really do. And I. <SEP> That. It's so aggravating to have an injury like that. My wife likes to run. But she's. We moved down to the north end of Oak Cliff in the Castle Park area. And she started running down there and all the hills. <SEP> And she lasted about two weeks. And her ankles couldn't take it anymore. She was used to running flat tracks and whatnot. And ever since that it's just been real difficult. It's real aggravating because she starts in. And her ankles will start hurting again and stuff. Even if she does get on flat ground. So she's kind of in the same mode. She was all ready to get back into it and start running five K's and ten K's and stuff this spring. And she just hasn't been able to stick with the training schedule long enough to really get back in shape. And when you want to do it it's really really aggravating. It's one thing to get motivated to start doing the exercise. And it's another thing to already be past that and then not be able to because of your health. Can you understand that. I don't really want to. I just know I need to. <SEP> It's. I make myself do it. And if I do it. I don't love it. But I will do it. It's not anything I would want to. But I can really tell the difference since I have not been able to walk. I have got to be so much more careful with what I do. <SEP> It's depressing. It is. And you don't spi- well. Speaking for myself I don't sleep as well when I am not exercising. And it's harder to get out of bed in the morning and all kinds of stuff. Your body just gets used to it. I don't particularly enjoy it. I used to lift weights an awful lot and stuff like that. I do enjoy riding bike. But as far as the working out and lifting and things like that. I can't say I really enjoyed it all that much. But once I got used to it it was habit forming. It was. I felt so bad if I didn't. Physically I mean. I just. My body was tuned into that mode. And if I skipped it then it kind of threw the whole system out of whack. <SEP> Hopefully my knee is a hundred percent better. Maybe I can get back into it. That's for sure. Let me ask you a question off the subject though. <SEP> You're living in the Castle Park area? That's right. I grew up in Oak Cliff. <SEP> Did you really? I did. Just close to Methodist Hospital. On Candy. C a n d y. <SEP> In fact I lived there until late nineteen fifties. And that area is it changing back again? So many people are moving back into those old houses and are restoring them. <SEP> It is. We're on a little street called Bison Trail. It's only about a block and a half long. But it's over on the other end. It's over by the far edge of Stephen's Park Golf Course. I know exactly where that is. It's. You know where the little bridge is on North Oak Cliff Boulevard? <SEP> We are just south of that little bridge back-up on the hill in the trees there. And. Our street is an awful lot of retired people. But the other half. In fact our one little block and a half there four houses sold last summer. And three sold the summer before. And everybody in their late twenties to mid-thirties are buying and starting to rebuild and fix things up again. And everybody is real excited. That's wonderful. That is a gorgeous gorgeous place. <SEP> It's a lot of fun. The people are great. There too we've got a real active neighborhood association. And we've got four regular parties every year. And we do a neighborhood recycling program and all that kind of stuff. So it's a lot of fun. And it's a really beautiful area. And some of the higher dollars lawyers and stuff downtown too are picking up some of those great big houses. And they're getting them at a real bargain. They are. You know. They're getting four thousand square feet for a hundred fifty a hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars. <SEP> And they're just going to town with them. People are putting in pools and completely redoing the outside restoring to the original nineteen thirty nineteen forties look. And it's really coming around. I guess. I need to go over there and just drive around and look. <SEP> It's worth the trip. I'm sure it must be. I'm just. We had a lovely little house over there. It was a two story. Story and a half really because we had a basement. <SEP> And the guy that built it was weird. I mean weird. It's one of these really creative houses that I grew up in that nothing was on the same level with anything else. <SEP>. And I just loved the neighborhood. <SEP> And everyone had houses like that. They were all completely different. That's right. And so neat. <SEP> Ours is kind of a little ranch style with a great big it's twenty-eight by fifteen front porch. Next door we've got an Austin stone. Across the street the guy. It was burnt out about two years ago. And the guy moved in and completely redid. It's got a rounded front on it. It's all brick. And he's landscaped his yard. And he's about ready to put in a pool and things like that. So. There's a variety. You just don't see it anywhere else as far as the different styles in the houses and whatnot. Why couldn't your wife run around the golf course? Is that not good? <SEP> She could a little bit. We. I tell you what. We got into the fitness center at Methodist. And they have a quarter mile track there. So she has started doing that rather than take off. The problem is she's a school teacher. And for her she can't run in the morning. For her to get home and try to run at six o'clock in the night in the winter time it's starting to get dark. And you don't want to. She doesn't want to be out by herself anywhere in Dallas. Regardless whether it's north Dallas or whatnot when she goes over to this fitness center it's fenced in. And there's somebody in the building watching her and all that. So there's a lot of consideration. I really hear that. I think you're in Oak Cliff. But I'm in Plano. In west Plano. <SEP> And we live on one of those blocks that it's a neighborhood watch block. We all know each other. And the street doesn't go anywhere. <SEP> If you are on the street you better belong there. Because it's not a through street. That's right. <SEP> That's right. And still I want to get up early in the morning and walk. Before this knee business. And my husband had a lot of heartburn with that. <SEP> It looked darker to him because he was in the house with the lights on. When I was out walking it was more of a predawn type. Pretty but. He didn't think it looked predawn to him. <SEP> It looked dark. And even he was real concerned about that. So it's not just because you are in Oak Cliff. It's just because you're smart. <SEP> That's true. That you don't do things like that. It only takes one time. That's right. <SEP> It's a hard lesson to learn. There's only one crazy out there to make any difference. It goes all over. You got the.
sw3409.txt:How many credit cards do you have? I think I'm down to one. I wish I was that way. Is that why you said I had more experience than you? <SEP> I was pulling your leg. How do you use your credit card? Do you just keep it in reserve. Or. I the way I'd like to try and use it is you make your purchases at prime buying time. <SEP> And then you pay that off and don't use it until it's paid off. That's my ideal way. How do you use it? <SEP> Emergencies come along. And I use it. That's understandable. <SEP> My car had a major problem and seven hundred dollars. And things just come up. <SEP> And you just never get to use it the way you'd really like to. Actually I do have quite a few more credit cards than you have. And I use them. My American Express I use for gas things like that. And I pay that off monthly. And then some other credit cards like store credit cards I do have them up there a little bit. But. I try not to use them too often. But living in this area I live fifteen miles west of Washington D C. <SEP> It's a very expensive area. So sometimes you have no other choice if you need to buy something. <SEP> I know I was up in there and a lot of credit cards. And I was just starting to get to where it was getting me in trouble. So we just disposed of them paid them off and got out of it. <SEP> I just. That was good that you had the opportunity to do that. <SEP> Are you married that you both you and your wife use a credit card. Or? <SEP> We pretty much just pay cash for as much as we can there. <SEP> Our only credit card is Sears. And I have that for automotive purposes. That's great. Everyone I know here uses credit cards like they're going out of business to be honest with you. <SEP> It's just too easy basically just get yourself in trouble with those. The only other one I have. I have a Diner's Club through where I work. <SEP> I see. So that I use because I travel some. So I use that. And I don't really have to worry about that because I only use it for business. So I automatically have the money to pay it off. But. <SEP> I wouldn't mind getting back into one if they would. You start out at a low limit. And then they just keep wanting you to increase your limit. And if I can get one that'll keep my limit at five hundred and I can never go over that or something like that then that's fine. <SEP> But they eventually gets up there to five thousand ten thousand whatever fifty thousand. <SEP> Forget it. I don't want that. The temptation's too great. <SEP>. So I don't know. Just. Writing checks is just as easy I guess. That's true. That's true. So I guess we've kind of exhausted this topic. <SEP> What can you. You can't say too much about it really. Other than you use them or you don't use them. You like them. Or you don't like them. So. <SEP> I guess they don't care if we end it early. So hopefully you have a good Thanksgiving. That's coming up. And then maybe we'll talk again. You too. May be. You're the furthest person actually that I've talked. I've talked to a lot of people in Texas. <SEP>. Texas is the big one. So. <SEP> Then.
sw3526.txt:I guess. Which one have you got right now? Or. I. Couple of them. I at the moment use an A S T two eighty-six. And I got a leading edge. And I got a American one and had a I B M one. But. Just a couple. <SEP> What do you have? I've got an Omega. And I've got a generic four eighty-six machine. It's very very generic. <SEP> What did you do put it together? And upgraded it and put things in there and dibbled and dabbled. And now it's a fast machine. That's. <SEP> That's all I got to say for it. What do you use it for? <SEP> What do you use it for? Work. I'm a contract programmer. What kind of programs do you. Anything. <SEP> Business programs. Or. I've done business programming scientific applications like petroleum science stuff and test equipment. And I did one that was the demonstration of a touch screen for a company that sells touch screens. It was kind of fun. <SEP> Put a little bitty portable computer in there and a plasma display. And make it look like things like attack simulators and all sorts of little things you'd want to put your finger on the screen for. <SEP> That's. That sounds interesting. <SEP> Matter of fact I guess you get a lot of graphics in there. That's where the speed helps out. Unfortunately the little portable P C that was plugged on the back was only a seven and a half megahertz eighty eighty-six. It's slow. <SEP> That will slow you up. <SEP> I do programming for C N C turret presses and cat cam system type things. And really need a faster system. I got a new line that I sell metal fabricating equipment and cat cam systems and tooling et cetera. <SEP> I know a guy that upgrades for a reasonable cost. Who is that? His name is T Q or something like that. And my notebook is somewhere around here. See if I can make my telephone cord stretch far enough. <SEP> I've tried to do is get this outfit to give me one. He's up in. <SEP> That's how I got my other ones by selling their product for them. They not only give me a demonstrator but the hardware as well as the software. And as they go to the next one I just keep the. That works. <SEP> That's why I have so many different levels of P C -s around at the moment. Here it is. A T S Computers. A T S? <SEP> And where are they at? Do you know where Custer is? He's south of Renner on Custer. <SEP> And there is a little bitty mall or strip kind of center. In Richardson there. <SEP> In Richardson? I know where you mean. There is a Mobil and all that kind of s- on that one corner. That's about Lookout there isn't it. It's just south of there. <SEP> It's a little place looks like a castle. Kind of little guy in there. He gives reasonable prices. <SEP> I traded my three eighty-six for the four eighty-six for about six hundred. That's a good deal. It was pretty reasonable. <SEP> But he. And he does a good job. And he guarantees everything he sells. There is a lot. You ever go by Lucky Computer there? <SEP> I used to. When I was putting shop floor computers together for guys I'd go and get their units and put them together and go and interface the stuff with our systems. Haven't been doing much of that for the last year or so. So I don't know where those guys are at these days. But I. They're up there in that mall. Just below Campbell. Or that strip center. <SEP>. They're still doing business. Big business apparently. <SEP> I tell you those prices have just unbelievably come down. I was amazed I was able to get this four eighty-six for six hundred even with a trade in. It's like wow. That works. I'll go do that. <SEP> I. And that thing screams now. I was kind of surprised how rapidly they bypassed the three eighty-six. <SEP> That wasn't alive for but maybe two years. I thought was funny that they kept pushing the three eighty-six S X even though the price difference is about ten dollars. Is that right? That's it? When it comes on the manufacturing floor it's about ten bucks. <SEP> I'll be darned.
sw2073.txt:I don't know. Which end do we push. But. Let's see. I think there's a lot of people that don't vote because they don't really think their opinion is going to be heard. And there's such a small voice and such a huge number of people in the United States. And that. Their vote's not going to make that much difference. And whether you vote for one person or the other person the issues is what you believe in. And that person is going to have a lot of. Since there's so many issues this one person can believe a lot of different ways on all of them. <SEP> So it would be really difficult to have that one perfect person that believed exactly what you believed. That's true. A lot of people. I think that it ends up the people that vote every time elections come around are more the party type followers the guys that follow the party lines. And they just go in. And if they're Republican they vote Republican every year. And the people that are independent are the ones that don't really show up every year because they can't seem to decide which are the good aspects and which are the bad aspects of a candidate. <SEP> That's good. Ye-. I always thought. It was back when Anderson was running I was hoping that things would change and he'd actually get elected and party politics would start going down the tubes. But that didn't work. <SEP> There's a lot of extremes on the parties too with the real far side of the Democrats. They're real liberal now to where probably fifty or a hundred years ago the Democrat party being liberal like they are now would never be thought of. It would be the other way that the Republicans were real liberal minded as far as moral standings and those kinds of things. <SEP> But. That's. And then people always get upset about it too because every year the politicians are the ones that are usually pushing for more people to vote. They each think that if more people vote they'll get more votes? <SEP> I'm always amazed that each candidate thinks it's going to be the people that come out that will vote for him. That's true. I think in the Texas governor elections more people turned out to vote against somebody than for somebody this time. That. I know that there's certain issues that can really motivate people because we live in a predominately Catholic type area. <SEP> And when things start. When abortion comes on the issues and people just get all inspired. And still on the other hand we're also. This particular community is a Catholic community. But down in D C where things are a little bit different it's women's rights and that sort of movement. And so it's quite the opposite. So elections start getting very. The elections where they have that topic seem to be a little bit better attended than some of the other ones. <SEP> That's true. But. That's true that the different places in America that different issues would be a lot more important than in another place. I can understand why some of the rural areas the voter turnout isn't as much because it does seem sometimes like the lobbyists in D C are controlling things for the Midwest. <SEP> And it doesn't matter who they put in office they're going to fall subject to the pressure that the lobbyists can put. And it's real true that they'll say one thing to get elected. <SEP> And then once they do get elected they don't have the power or the authority or the willingness to do those things that they promised beforehand. Maybe it just wasn't possible at all in the first place like the no new taxes thing. That's. With the economy going the way it is and everything that was nearly ridiculous thing to even try to do. <SEP> I don't think he's going to have to worry about that next year. I think he can probably raise taxes and still get elected. <SEP> After the war. That really. Unfortunately that will probably even drop lower the voters turndown even more because more Democrats will think that they don't have a shot. So they won't even bother turning out. <SEP> That's true. They'll just say the Republicans have this election. We'll see you in four years. Hope some of the local. That's what they keep saying that it seems like people with old-fashioned values are the ones that aren't turning out at the booths. They say that these older voters that they feel like the kids are running the country. So they don't turn out to vote. And they're the ones that really know what's going on have the experience and seen how politicians can screwup or what ever. <SEP> But I know my grandmother hasn't voted in years. That's. Neither has mine as a matter of fact. And that's true. I think they look at it as everybody the majority of the people think this way when that's not necessarily true because that's what the media says. <SEP> The majority believes this way. So they don't even bother turning out to vote to express their opinions. So that's true. Wonder if they're going to take into account this computerized conversation that there's little children bouncing in your knee the whole time you're talking. <SEP> Do you hear the dogs in the background here? I can't hear them. They're. The children next door just opened the fence. And they went off. <SEP> But anyway that's. I guess we've talked long enough. And that was sort of interesting. What part of the country are you from? Washington D C. <SEP> Are you really? This is. I'm from. This is Dallas where I'm at. <SEP> The outskirts of Dallas. I figured with Texas Instruments they'd probably have a few Texans on the line now and then. Do you work for T I in any way? <SEP> How did they get you? They went through engineering companies. And we're communications. I work in a communications company. <SEP> I work for T I. So we saw it on the T News one day. And I thought that might be interesting. Sort of different. They called me at ten o'clock one night. That was very strange. <SEP> I guess they were doing Eastern Standard Time. I was like. I don't know how long it takes whether it takes five minutes or twenty minutes. Central Standard Time is what they're doing it by. <SEP> I still haven't figured out the zero through six days which day is which yet. But I didn't study it that hard. So maybe I'll figure it out. <SEP> But it was nice to talk to you and sort of meet you. And that was an interesting topic. If you're ever in D C come look up Wayne Sherman you'll say talked to that guy. <SEP> I'm Kyle Hunt too if you ever come to Dallas area. <SEP> We live right by the airport. So do we. Right next to Dulles. <SEP> I'll talk to you later. <SEP>
sw2395.txt:Where do you get most of your news? I watch the MACNEIL LEHRER news hour. And I subscribe to the paper on the weekends. Where are you? <SEP> I'm in Dallas. Are you in Dallas also? I'm in San Antonio. <SEP> I get my news from a combination of sources. I take the paper every day. And I read it on the way in to work in a carpool. <SEP>. And actually I watch the morning news before I leave for work. And then usually over lunch there'll be a big topic of conversation on something from the news. <SEP> I normally find that I'm probably the most news hungry of my friends. So we don't normally talk about the news at lunch. I find that I have to only subscribe to the paper on the weekend simply because I used to get it during the week. But I would always end up arriving at work late because I would always end up skimming the headlines spending too much time reading it in the morning. <SEP> So I have to cut myself down to the weekend plus after work. The MACNEIL LEHRER news hour is on public television. <SEP> And I enjoy that quite a bit. One of the women that I work with her husband is Iranian. So here lately with all the Middle Eastern news we've had some very interesting conversations over lunch. <SEP> I will admit I work with someone who's Iranian. And he definitely has a very different slant on the news. He's very very skeptical of the news media. And I will admit I'm reasonably skeptical also. But he's much more so. It's sort of interesting though because he does bring a much different perspective with all the Gulf goings on. He was always speaking in terms of American imperialism reasserting itself. I suppose it's a different attitude that we normally don't hear in the country. I like the print news much better than the television news because television news tends to sensationalize. <SEP> True. The. I understand that the MacNeil Lehrer probably doesn't. <SEP> They tend to spend quite a bit of time on one story. They will have maybe two or three main stories and just spend a very large amount of time. Sort of like A B C's NIGHTLINE. <SEP> I guess they only normally stick with just the one story. But they can do a much better job since they don't have to chop it into little two minute stories. They don't report on every murder and shooting that happened in every little town. It's very much national interest news. <SEP> A lot of times they end up with these panels of experts. And they go back and forth where everyone's giving some opinions. And sometimes that. I don't know the value of that because I saw plenty of jokes and editorial cartoons about all the retired generals making a living during the Gulf War. I've been getting a kick out of those lately. <SEP> Although. I'm only twenty-five. So I've never actually been through a period of war. And I don't know anyone in the military. And I don't have a lot of background knowledge in military strategy and weaponry and all that kind of stuff. And I thought the generals were very interesting. When they started to speculate I saw that for what is was and thought all of these guys don't know what's going on. <SEP> But I thought they were interesting. And they shed some light on what was going on for me. I will admit it's interesting. I'm twenty-six. So I don't have any more experience in that than you. It was very interesting that it seemed like some of the commentators had their axe to grind. There were some that were screaming for air power. There were some that were saying the air power wasn't going to do it. <SEP> And they seemed to mold the events to their view of the world which I suppose just about everyone does. But these guys had a national soap box to stand on and express this view. One of the best television news shows that I saw during the war was a show on a Saturday morning on A B C. And it was for children. And it was hosted by Peter Jennings. And it was so interesting because they were relating the war to these children in their studio. And they also had children calling in live from all over the country and asking questions. And they had all their correspondents in the different areas in Saudi Arabia and Israel and all. They had them all. On line. They had them all on hold. <SEP> And if a child asked a question that the person in Jerusalem could best answer they would cut to that person. And that person would answer the question. It was just very informative and interesting. And I was real impressed at how A B C handled translating the war for children. <SEP> I didn't see anything like that although I did. I guess one thing that I found sort of interesting. This is getting a little off the topic. But there was a big push with the local T V stations to have little hot lines with counselors to help parents learn how to talk about their war with their children. I thought that was a really unusual thing. And our local H E B stores here. I don't know if it's H E B statewide or whatever. But they have videos that. I don't know if they still have them. But they were free rental videos that had something to do with the war. <SEP> Ju-. It was. <SEP> With the children's aspect? It was something for children that they had several advertisements on television pushing parents going and getting the video and watching it with their children and discussing it and that kind of thing. <SEP> I suppose that is a valuable service. Again not having lived through another war I don't know if that's a common thing that people thought of. Or if that was a new concern with people. Back during the Viet Nam conflict that no one will have the guts enough to call a real war. <SEP> That type of technology just wasn't at people's disposal. That's true. That's true. So I don't think there's ever been a war that's been so thoroughly covered by the news. <SEP> And probably more importantly one that lasted short enough that people's interest didn't flag too badly. I tell you what. The first three days I was glued to the television. I will admit the same thing. And I would come home and flip on MacNeil Lehrer. And I. <SEP> And they would run these extended two three hour versions of the program. And I was horrified and fascinated by what I was seeing. I tell you what. The war start-. Let's see was it a Wednesday or Thursday? Must have been Thursday. And Friday night I stayed up until two o'clock in the morning sitting right dead center in front of my television just watching practically with my mouth hanging open. <SEP> Because I was watching C N N. And they would switch back to one of their Israel bureaus. And the people would be standing there in gas masks. And you'd be hearing the sirens. And it was just. I was amazed. I didn't have that experience. I don't have cable. <SEP> So I'm pretty much limited to P B S which I thought they did a very good job. I've got one question for you. You say you take the newspaper. <SEP> I found the newspaper situation in Dallas very interesting. We've got the one relatively weaker paper the TIMES HERALD and then the MORNING NEWS which has a very strong subscription. Does San Antonio ha-. You said San Antonio? <SEP> Do you have just one paper. Or do you have several? There are two. And they're pretty close. The one that I picked is more similar in format to the newspaper. I grew up near Houston. And there are two major newspapers there that run pretty much neck and neck. And the one I picked here had the same format as the one that my parents took as I was growing up. The same type of typeface on the headline and that kind of stuff. <SEP> It's piddly stuff to pick a newspaper over. And I enjoy. The comics are better in this newspaper. <SEP> This newspaper has the far side and the comics that I enjoy. And the other one has some weird ones that I've never heard of. So. I actually take both newspapers on the weekends. Do you? <SEP> I figure I'm only taking on the weekend. And I can afford that. I find the news reporting in the MORNING NEWS to be better. But I sort of have a liberal political slant. And the MORNING NEWS just has an incredibly conservative editorial outlook. And My fiancee takes probably six Sunday papers. <SEP> I get the TIMES HERALD just to balance that out a little bit. He takes both San Antonio papers an Austin paper both Houston papers. I guess he takes seven the San Marcos paper and the New Braunsfel paper. But he's a football coach at Southwest Texas State University. So he's getting all the sports sections. And he has these stacks of Sunday newspapers that go unread.
sw2559.txt:On this subject of invasion of privacy it's very easy for anybody to find out about you. Your. I don't really like that very much. The special on channel thirteen that was broadcast last week or so ago it detailed how this one person went about finding out from this particular person his home mortgage how much he pays for it what his payments are his Social Security number driver's license any kind of records he may have. Their credit card and the status of their credit. <SEP> What was the reason why somebody was trying to find out all that stuff? It was just as a demonstration to show those who were watching it how easily obtainable information is on any single person. And it was. Mostly it dealt with marketing companies these direct marketing associations. <SEP>. That was the primary subject. That's how they obtain information about segments of society and group them into age brackets their habits their hobbies their income. <SEP> And they're able to do that through all the manipulations of the computer. That's not really good. I don't know. I guess that's an invasion of privacy. I'm not sure that that's an everyday thing though at least not for an individual. <SEP> Something that I feel is pretty much an invasion of privacy is something that's really so common that it's accepted as the norm now is the open office concept. The open office? Where they have the little partition dividers throughout a large room. <SEP> And people have little cubicles. That's all fine and good. But you don't really have any privacy at all. Not insofar as maybe making conversation with somebody because you can easily be overheard. And they get. I suppose any items that you have laying out can be easily seen. <SEP> There is. And it's not just that. It's the whole thing about if you're trying to concentrate it's rather hard. Sometimes it's almost impossible to do because your space is not your own space. <SEP> And I work in a situation like that. And I really kind of have a problem with that. Do you work with mixed company male and female. Or. <SEP> Is there anybody who doesn't? There are a few out there. I suppose it depends on who you're working for and where at. <SEP> But my own environment is open totally. There are no cubicles. There's nothing to block anything. So. But I guess we're changing ever so rapidly in the devices of communications that anything can be obtained from anybody's record. <SEP> Or the computers the big advent of that because they can all hold such large data bases on anybody that all you have to do is touch a button. And it appears in front of them. And you don't have to. I know the government sells information to private companies about individuals or families. <SEP> That's no secret. And it shouldn't be that way. I don't think that's quite right either. It's not really government for the people and by the people. I'll tell you that. <SEP> What do you think could be done about it? The only way it can change is if everybody bands together. It's just like we need to get rid of these clowns that's serving in the office. <SEP> The only thing that can be changed is for everybody to say we've had enough of you out you go. But I don't see anything like that to occur unless everybody bands together to do that. It has to be one common ideal goal for that to be done. I don't know. It's still a free country insofar as we're able to obtain information. And I wouldn't be for total banning of all information. Or it's mostly the private information that we're all concerned about. But it's hard to define a lot of those boundaries. <SEP> It really is. It's. Something that I've just had a dealing with is a credit bureau. <SEP> They take my name which is a very common name. And my last name is even more common. And they check that name against their list. And they find several. And without even bothering to try to match up any other information at all they just report everything under that name. So you've received a lot of flack? <SEP> They don't even check my Social Security number. And companies are paying them good money to report accurately. And they're not. They're so lazy. They're just not doing it. They just find your name. And they match it up. <SEP> And that just drives me crazy because they're. And then they want. Then to get it removed they say you have to write this long detailed letter and everything like that to them. And then it takes three weeks and all. And I'm baloney. You messed it up. You fix it. Is that usually what you tell them in the letter? <SEP> What I've taken to doing lately is calling the company that they report. Recently I was reported as having J C Penney accounts. And I don't. So I called J C Penney. And I said I just wanted to let you know that the credit agency you're using is incorrectly reporting the information that you're providing to them. And they say uh-huh because they really don't want to pay for a service that's not being done properly either. <SEP> So then they can call the credit bureau and say we're paying you good money to report this properly. And you're not doing your job. Good idea. So that's what I've taken to doing lately. And it seems to work pretty well so far. That's good. Any other problems? <SEP> Not that I can think of. I guess I've just about run out of. I can probably go on. But it's. I'm clouding up right now. <SEP> I probably better let you get back to work. It's nice talking to you. Maybe again. <SEP>.
sw3206.txt:Are you there? Do you know the question for today? <SEP> It's about why there aren't more people that are voting and participating in. And what is your feeling? Do you think this is vital important? Do you. <SEP> I think that it's kind of discouraging to. I have been involved in some political campaigns and that kind of thing. And it's really discouraging to be in a phone bank and call people and not. A lot of them are so ill informed they have no idea even that there's an election. And these are people that are registered. I have worked in some campaigns. And it's the most discouraging thing in the world. I'm originally from Oklahoma. And up there if they miss three elections then they have to reregister. And I have often wondered if maybe that would help the situation. I don't know. <SEP> That's a thought. Can you come up with anything else that maybe we could do to these people? I don't know. I like that idea. I had a thought just a second ago. But it slipped my mind. That's all right. <SEP> Probably one of the reasons that people don't vote more is because they don't know the candidates. And I think sometimes. That's one thing that I have learned in working in elections and things is sometimes even when you work for someone you don't really know what they're like. I know there's been a couple of people that we voted for and worked for. And when they got in office it was just a disaster. And I'm not sure how you go about really finding out what people are really like before you vote for them. I'm not sur-. The only thing is if they don't vote they have no right to complain. <SEP> It is. I don't know why we are so complacent. But I'm going to vote each time. Right or wrong I'm going to cast a ballot. And then if I'm unhappy with it I have the right to express my opinion. That's right. So there was something else I was going to. And I'm like you. I've just lost a train of thought that I had. But they have been little more effective in Oklahoma with having this program that you vote or you lose it. <SEP> If you just skip one election? Three. Three. You have to skip three. <SEP> And of course they can be a long time apart. But. I think that's an excellent idea because then people really have to think about it. Of course. But what do you think of this no excuse absentee balloting? <SEP> No excuse. I'm not sure if I'm familiar with that or not. I'm sure all over the State of Texas now you have three weeks to go for absentee balloting. <SEP> And you don't have to be sick out of town or anything. There is no excuse. Anyone can go and vote. I think that's great. Do you? <SEP> My husband has run for office before. And sometimes it's nice to be able to go ahead of time and vote because if you're going to be tied up that day campaigning or whatever it might be. That just kind of takes that load off. You can just go ahead and get that taken care of. And. But that is an excuse I could live with. But this idea of anyone wel-. I am so bitterly opposed to this. If you're busy that has always been a legitimate excuse. If you are incapacitated ill health. <SEP> But to have the expense of. Let's see. They have five six people at my polling place. They can come from all over the city. And I don't know why we couldn't have duplicate voting on some of this. Hopefully once they've checked them off the list. They do have to check them off a list when they vote. I know. <SEP> So hopefully they couldn't. But is every list checked as thoroughly as a. We. Back in. When I lived.
sw3343.txt:. When they first said the subject my mind went kind of blank. I thought I haven't taken anything back for a long time. I haven't either. I hate returning things. <SEP> I have a friend who if she likes something isn't sure what size somebody might need will buy it in every color and size and take everything back again. It's a game to her. But I do not like to do that. I consider it kind of a waste of my time. And so I'm usually pretty careful when I shop. <SEP> And I also usually have checked over things if it's an appliance or something to make sure it has the features in it that I want. We've had one lately a Dustbuster Plus that we bought. <SEP> And we've had it for a while. But all of a sudden it just wasn't working. And it looks like there's a part missing from it. My husband opened it up and whatever. And of course we don't have the receipt any more. So we can't take it back. Of course. But I think a lot of goods are made not to last real long. <SEP> Just to get you by five years. And then you'll throw it away rather than have it fixed. We're a wasteful society for sure. <SEP> That's true. And lot of times though it costs so much to get something fixed that you almost are just as well off buying another one if it's. <SEP> And you usually get what you pay for. We bought some walkie-talkies a couple of years ago for Christmas. And they were ten dollars. And we expected them to work nice for the little kids. And they didn't work worth anything. We took those back. And that's about that. All that were taken back in ages. <SEP> I think a lot of times if you get a brand name if it's a good brand. I think there can be a lemon in anything but I think more often than not. <SEP> You pretty well know what you're getting ahead of time. And if you buy a good one you shouldn't have too much of a problem with it. We had a car once that we tried to have declared a lemon under the lemon law which is extremely difficult to do. <SEP> It's hard. We never could get it declared a lemon. And the car would go. And without any warning whatsoever you could be going down the freeway at sixty. And it would stop. <SEP> And I. There was just. And we went round and round with the manufacturer and everything. And they got it finally semifixed. But it was such a hassle. And it just pertained to that. It really is. But of all the topics I have had this is kind of the strangest one. At first I thought of food because that's mainly what I buy. It seems like. And I still don't have anything to do there. But I think too a lot of people don't buy their warranties either because they know that when it's that old they're going to buy a new one. <SEP> So. I think that's true. And now we generally don't buy a warranty because you think at least for the first couple of years nothing should go wrong with it. My husband is really good at fixing things too. So he usually be able to fix anything that's minor. And that has saved us thousands of dollars from to mechanic to anything like that. <SEP>. <SEP> But it was interesting to. I don't know if they're making them better or not. It's hard to say. I think they more of their parts plastic which makes things break easier. But I think the technology is better. I think technology is better. I'm not sure. I think you've got a good point with the plastic and that. About quality. <SEP> I don't think necessarily that things are being made better. I. Everything is so automated. And things can be made without a human hand ever touching it an awful lot of things. <SEP> And I think that certainly makes a difference back from the time when somebody handcrafted something and had some pride in it. People aren't willing to pay those prices very often for a handcrafted something. <SEP> That's true. So. So if we get what we deserve. <SEP> I do craft work and sell stuff at shows. And it's a real eye-opener as far as why people charge what they do to.
sw3389.txt:Who's your favorite team? My favorite team is the Pittsburgh Steelers. Pittsburgh? <SEP> You bet. I used to be a big Pittsburgh fan when I was little. I. When John Stallworth played he was from my hometown in Alabama. <SEP> So I kind of grabbed on to that team way back when. That's pretty nice. That's good. I used to watch them a lot when they were playing the big steel curtain. <SEP> That's right. How about your favorite team? Last year it was Buffalo. And I still try to keep up with Buffalo because they just impressed me as being so efficient. And they never score. They never blow out their opponents. They just score just enough points. <SEP> And that really impressed me. But then down here I li-. Is pretty close to New Orleans. And I've been keeping up with the Saints a lot. They are exciting aren't they? The Saints are starting to impress me this year a lot. <SEP> They are just a fun team to watch. They are really. Did you see the game Sunday afternoon? <SEP> I didn't. It was funny. They ha- a fireworks display at halftime. And some paper or something in the Super Dome up in the roof caught on fire. <SEP> You're kidding. So they had to stop the game in lieu of the third quarter and put out this fire. Those big piece of something came falling out of the roof and landed on the field. So there's this big fire on the field. And they were dumping the Gatorade bucket and everything. <SEP> I can't believe that. It was funn-. You just really can't tell what's going to happen. That's hilarious. I know. It's like about two weeks ago I was watching the Saints. <SEP> And Morton Anderson kicked a sixty yard field goal. And it was beautiful right down the middle. <SEP> He is tough. He has an incredible leg. He is. <SEP> Do you think they're going to be able to make it this year past the first playoff game? I sure hope so. I'm not sure who they play. Right now I've got it narrowed down to the top four teams. <SEP> Who's that? It's pretty much going between Washington. And Buffalo New Orleans and Chicago because Chicago has only lost twice. And one of those was to Buffalo. And they beat the Saints. Their only time they lost. <SEP> What do you think about Houston? Houston. I saw Houston play this summer in Memphis. From what I saw they were playing. When I was at the game we sat right on the front row right behind the Houston Oilers. <SEP> And from what I saw the game Houston impressed me a lot. But my brother watched it on T V and said that Warren Moon was just having an off night. And if that was an off night I'd hate to see when he's on a good night. <SEP> He definitely is one of the best I think. He's. Their backfield is really impressive. Haywood Jeffreys and Drew Hill and Allen. <SEP> They really impress me. They squeaked out a game on Sunday. That's right. Who did they play? <SEP> They played Dallas. Dallas. That's right. They won in overtime. All because. <SEP> That's right. I remember that now. So that was. I watched that game. And that was. Do you have a favorite between those two? <SEP> Because I'm right here in Dallas I kind of pull for Dallas. Also Houston is in Pittsburgh's division. So I'll almost always root against them. That's true. <SEP> I hate to say it. But I hate Dallas. <SEP> That's okay. I was never really a big Dallas fan until we moved here. And they just kind of grew on me. I imagine. That's the way. I've never been a big Saints fan until the last year or two. And they've actually started doing something. <SEP>. So I've actually paid attention to them. Do you know anything about the expansion teams they're thinking about bringing in? <SEP> To tell you the truth I haven't paid too much attention to that. What cities are they looking at? Right now I think this Memphis they're trying to get the teams. <SEP> And that's where I was when I saw Houston play. Saint Louis is trying to get a team. Baltimore is trying to get a team. And there's some other city. I'm wanting to say Raleigh Durham. But I'm not sure. <SEP> I think you are right. I think it is Raleigh. Think so? I think I remember hearing that. Because I know they've got a football team. But I think it might be them. <SEP> That would be fun. I'd like to see some more teams get in. I would definitely. I think they are supposed to put two in by either next year or the year after. And right now I think it's Memphis and Baltimore have a really good shot at it. Because I know Saint Louis is much bigger than Memphis. And when I went up there they were saying that Memphis sold more tickets than Saint Louis did. <SEP>. It's like the Liberty Stadium in Memphis holds about sixty-two.
sw2703.txt:. I'm not. I read a lot. But I don't read a whole. I tend to read only out of a couple groups. <SEP> And I'm a big baseball fan. So I tend to read a lot of the baseball books. And. I'm a big baseball fan too. <SEP> And I read a lot of science fiction. E-. I like. I teach school. And so during the school year I just don't have time to read. And I would love to be able to read more because I enjoy it so much. But with correcting papers and two kids of my own I just don't have time. But in the summer I try to read a lot. <SEP> And of course being a woman I like romance novels and stuff like that a whole lot. I just. I really enjoy that because it's kind of a getaway type thing. So I read a lot of that. But I also love sports. And I don't have time to read in. But I do read SPORTS ILLUSTRATED during the year because my son gets that. <SEP> And but I don't read a lot of nonfiction. And I really should because there's so many self-improvement books out right now that would benefit me greatly. But I just don't. I don't really I probably should. I don't really read the self-improvement books or things like that. I'll get books on history and stuff like that that look interesting. And of course I don't ever get around to reading them. I got. I belong to Quality Paperback Book Club. <SEP> Do you? And I'll get stuff out of that. I got BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM a couple of years ago. And I started reading and got about sixty pages into it. And it's eight hundred pages. <SEP> And it was I want to read something else for a while. It's i-. Some of those books are real tough to get into. But after you get into them they're really good. <SEP> But it's just tough to get through that first two hundred pages or so. Especially. BATTLE CRY OF FREEDOM starts off in the eighteen forties. And it's. The war wasn't until the eightee-. It's okay. And I realize these things. These things take awhile to move up. But it's hard sometimes. <SEP> It's right. That's right. I find though that when I find an author. And you don't read a lot of fiction you said. But when I find. I read a lot of science fiction. Do you? <SEP> When I find an author I really like I try to read everything they write. Because you get used to their style and you really enjoy it. That and. I do the same thing. I. There's one science fiction writer named Allen Dean Foster. <SEP> I've heard of him. He. I must have fifty or sixty books by him. Is that right? I have almost everything he's ever done. <SEP> And I know that when I get his book I'm usually going to enjoy it. So it's really. It's fun to do that. <SEP> Isn't it amazing that somebody can write that many books about science fiction? I think that's unbelievable. He does a lot of movie adaptations and things like that. Does he really? And his adaptations are usually really good. <SEP> It's funny he. The novelization of STAR WARS was list-. It was out in the stores as being by George Lucas. But it turns out that Foster actually ghost wrote it for him. Is that right? Which. When I read it I should have realized that because it had Foster's style written all over it. <SEP> Is that right? I've never read anything of his. But I've heard about him. But wouldn't you think he would. Does he get some royalties from that hopefully? I'm sure he does. <SEP> I would think he would. I'd hope so. I mean he's doing all right probably. I'm sure he is. I'm sure he is. But sometimes the more you get the more you want too. So. That's true. <SEP>. You're a baseball fan. You're aware of that kind of thing. In fact I'm a sports fan period. <SEP> We. That's why I like to read SPORTS ILLUSTRATED so much. Because there's everything in it. I had a subscription to that last year. But I'm mostly a baseball fan. So I'm not as inter-. The other stuff is interesting. But I was mostly interested in the baseball stuff. <SEP> You're probably a Baltimore fan an Oriole fan? Actually I'm a Red Sox fan more than anything. Is that right? <SEP> Boston? That's good too. But I do like the Orioles also. I'm sure you do. I'm a Ranger fan simply because I live here. <SEP> But I was. I'm not from here. I'm originally from Ohio. So I've always followed the Tigers. Because I was born and raised in Toledo. Toledo. I was in Toledo last summer. Went to a Mud Hens double header. <SEP> I love the Mud Hens. They're great. I love the name. And there was a really big article on the Mud Hens in SPORTS ILLUSTRATED last year. Y-. I saved that issue actually. <SEP> Did you? That's when I had the subscription. It was a lot of fun. <SEP> I li-. I really enjoy that team. We used to go there all the time. I used to live in Iowa too. And they have the Iowa Oaks. And we used to go to their games all the time. And. They don't exist anymore. I don't think. I know they don't. <SEP> At least not by that name. There's the Iowa Cubs. But I don't know if they play in the same location. They must have changed then. Because it used. <SEP> I haven't lived there for l-. I've been here for twelve years now. And I haven't been back to Des Moines in a long time. But we used to always go to their games. And it was kind of fun. It's almost more fun than going to a major league game. I don't know. I just really enjoy the farm teams. I. Minor league baseball is a lot more fun than major league baseball. <SEP> <SEP> it is. It's not quite so serious. And it's a lot cheaper. That's for sure. That's for sure. There's a city just west of Baltimore called Frederick. <SEP> It's about forty miles west. Is that right? And they have a minor league team. And I go out there almost as much as the Orioles. And. <SEP> Is that right? I. It's just a lot of fun. It's free parking. And four bucks now to get in. And the hot dogs are a dollar. And it's just great. How much is an Oriole game? Oriole game? If you park in the lot across the street from the stadium it's four bucks. The cheapest ticket you can normally get is six fifty to seven fifty. <SEP> It's higher than the Rangers. And hot dogs start at a dollar fifty. A-. The food here is outrageous. But you can get a good seat for. It used to be three dollars. But I think it's gone up to four dollars this year. That's nice. <SEP> But it's in the bleachers way out in center field. But it's still nice. You still can see well. And we usually sit there unless somebody gives us tickets box seats or something then we usually sit out there. <SEP> How much are the box seats there? Do you know offhand? Box seats run from eight dollars to twelve dollars. That's a little steeper. I think the most expensive seats in Memorial are eleven bucks. But we're getting a new stadium next year. So. <SEP> So it'll go up. It'll go up. And if it opens. It's something we're really irritated about around here. Or some people are really irritated about. They built the new stadium downtown. And they're saying how there's going to be a lot more parking for the stadium. But I park for free up at Memorial Stadium because I know where I can do it for free. <SEP> And I'm not going to be able to do that downtown. That's a bummer. We. <SEP> Baseball here though is the cheapest game in town. Because the Cowboys. It's outrageous to go to the Cowboy game. And the Mavericks are t-. It's high too. <SEP> So baseball's cheap compared to other games. Weren't you guys supposed to get a stadium in downtown Dallas? <SEP> That didn't go over. It didn't go through. George Bush who's the main owner of the Rangers decided that they'd stay in Arlington. <SEP> So Arlington's going to build a stadium a bigger one. So they're going to stay there. Which is fine because Arlington's got a lot of things to offer. And that was their main money making deal for the city. <SEP> And it would have devastated them if they would have taken it away. Because everything. There's Six Flags right by the stadium there's a Wet'n Wild. And that's. <SEP> All the tourists come there. And they. It would have been devastated. They would have collapsed. So I'm kind of glad they're staying there. Because it's right in the middle of Fort Worth-Dallas. And. That's what I'd always heard. I've. <SEP> I like it there. And I think Dallas has enough to offer that they don't have to hog everything. So I'm glad that they're staying in Arlington. And it's takes us maybe thirty-five to forty minutes to get there from Plano which is not too bad at all. That's about what it takes me to get to Memorial. <SEP> It actually funny that I live just outside of Baltimore. And it takes me almost the same amount of time to go to Frederick as it does to go to the ballpark in Baltimore. Because to go out to Frederick I just jump on the Interstate. <SEP> Is that right? And. Because I live just south of the Interstate. Hop on the Interstate. And the stadium's right off the Interstate. <SEP> So it's I drive west. And I'm there. And and then to go into Baltimore it's fewer miles. But I've got to go stop and go traffic and everything. Do you read. I guess you read SPORTS ILLUSTRATED. But you don't read many sports books. Or. <SEP> Not really. My son does. I have a son that just turned sixteen. And he reads everything he get his hands on. He's reading a Dick Vitelle book right now because he's a real big Dick Vitelle fan. <SEP> He's a basketball fan because he plays for the high school he goes to. And just loves Dick Vitelle which not many people do. But he's reading it. And he's r-. And he says He's so interesting Mom. You just can't believe all the things he's done. <SEP> And he's really enjoying that. And I. And he said Mom you need to read it after I get finished. So maybe I will. I understand there was a really good basketball book called A SEASON ON THE BRINK. I never heard that one. I'm not sure. I don't know. I'm trying to think of the guy's name. It was John Feinstein or something like that wrote it. <SEP> I just heard about it the other night. I was listening to something on the radio about a talk show about sports books. <SEP>. And they mentioned that one. <SEP> I'll have to tell my son about that. I'm sure he'd like it. And I was thinking about. I saw a book kicking around on the history of the A B A which. That would be good. Even when I don't like the sport so much I get interested in the history of sports franchises.
sw3435.txt:Push my number. Are you a golfer. Or are you a spectator? I'm a. I play golf. But I don't actually play golf. <SEP> I'm the same way. I go out there and hit the ball. Hack it all over the place? <SEP> It's sickening isn't it? In the Carolinas it's just we've got a bunch of golf courses around here. We've got tons up here. But I don't know. How do you feel about your game? I guess that's a good question? <SEP> I'm not a serious golfer at all. A friend of mine goes golfing a lot. And he drags me out every now and then. And I don't really even have a game. I usually. When I go out and play golf it's usually at one of these par threes that you. But I like watching it on T V. I like that too. <SEP> If I can hit a great deal my friends. I don't know. I try to play. But a couple years ago I played two three times a week and got lousy. I guess that's the best I ever got was lousy. And I thought I was really improving and the big break was going to come. And then I got worse again. So. To get me they say I hit worm burners because I can't hit it up in the air. <SEP> I'm pretty bad. But I get great distance hitting it across the ground. And if it's going over water or something one of them have to take the shot for me because I'm. But I'm getting better. I've got where now I can hit it in the air some of the time. That's pretty good. So I'm kind of a novice at it. I'm that and worse. I play. Next year I. Actually I take it kind of seriously. But I've been doing so bad. Next year I'm starting over from scratch. I'm going to go take lessons and everything. I'm going to do it right and see if I can actually play this game or not. <SEP> I guess that's what I need to do is get some kind of lessons or something. Because my tee off is not bad. I'm good up to everything else putting and stuff like that. It's just that initial tee. What do you do when you're putting? That's a good thing. That's something I could learn actually. That's when I do my worst. I finally get to the green. And I think I'm doing all fine. And then. Just walking around the hollow and making sure there's not really. Checking the ground and so forth. <SEP> See how it's going to break or whatever. Can you really see it though? What about the speed? <SEP> If you get down on the ground you really can. But can you tell how fast you're going to hit it? You know if it's up on a slope that you've got to hit it not kill it. But you've got to hit enough speed and the right angle that it's. Because when it's going up a hill it's going to break in a direction. But you can feel that? <SEP> I don't know. I can get it within four or five feet or something. But I don't have enough field. Now I'm T V watching. They make you die at the hole every time. <SEP> It just dies and rolls in. I don't know. But I. It's hard for me. <SEP> The. It's like I said. Once I get up on the green I'm fine. But that tee shot it. When teeing off I'll go probably a hundred feet across the ground. So it takes me awhile to get to the hole. But. Once you're there you're all set though. I'm all set. We should play team golf then. <SEP> I'll get us there. And you put it in. That sounds good to me. I s-. The T V golfers they do that. It takes them two to get there and two to get it in. So it's fifty percent. And me it takes me five to get there and five to get it in. <SEP> It usually takes me about probably two or three to get it there. And then that's according to the hole. And it ju-. Maybe one or two putts. It's according to where I'm at on the green. That's good. <SEP> But the friends I play with they play all the time. And they're really good. Joe Pros? They're not Joe Pros. But they golf in the high sixties low seventies. So I guess they're pretty good. That's pretty good. For eighteen? <SEP> For eighteen. That's pretty good. I'm talking to the wrong guy. Your shitty golf is probably the best golf I've ever seen. <SEP> That's not my golf. That's my friends. Mine. I'm usually in the eighties or nineties. So I'm not good. When I'm in the nineties I'm feeling good. I'm usually around a hundred. That's my thing. Around a hundred. I can hit a great drives and think I'm going to do all awesome on this hole. But it ain't going to happen. Teeing off I either slice it. Or I hook it ever single time. And I alternate. It's a good thing with me I slice it every single time. That's good. I aim.
sw2187.txt:. What is. Do you have a favorite recipe? That's what it said to discuss some maybe a recipe. It says what you would have for a dinner party. This is strange because I pressed one and I thought it said begin. <SEP> Maybe we're all set. We'll talk for five minutes. They interrupt at the end. It says what you would have for a dinner party. I just happen to plan one out for Saturday. I'll tell you what I'm going to have. If I can find it. That's wonderful. <SEP> I have this new fondue pot. And I was going to do basic cheese fondue. And I have two different kinds of breads and some ham. And I was going to try something weird which. When you have fish au gratin. I was going to make some fish chunks and dip it in the fondue. I don't know if it will come out. That's. What kind of fondue the cheese dip or. The cheese fondue I make. Some people like swiss. I prefer cheddar. And I'll mix. I won't have a sharp cheddar because for fondue I think it should be a little calmer than real sharp cheddar. <SEP>. And then I was going to make other things like potato skins. <SEP> That sounds good. You don't necessarily have to dip this stuff. And I was going to have broccoli and cauliflower for a vegetable. That's always a good thing. Vegetable trays always go over so well because I think people get tired of eating junk. I think they like to have healthy stuff too. It's. It's amazing how vegetables trays will go at a party. <SEP> I think better even than other kinds of food. Instead of something greasy or. My girlfriends do catering. And always about every party they do is they have a vegetable tray. I think they try and suggest it. <SEP> What I've been doing when I get invited someplace and bring something I make food kabobs. You take little toothpicks and cut up pineapple and strawberry and even banana if you can do it just before you leave. <SEP>. It stays nice and fresh. <SEP> That's true. Or even have you ever seen where they'll take a watermelon and just cut the top out of it and then hollow that out and then put the fruit in the watermelon that is really neat. I like those. <SEP> They made a couple of those. They made one for my bridal shower. And I was pretty pleased. I never made one for myself though. But they look easy enough to make. It's not. I think it would be a lot of work. Because it's. <SEP> You have to cut each thing or use the melon baller and stuff. But I think they're really neat. And I think they're worth the time because they. You get probably pretty sticky after you get done. Then you've got to drain the water out of the watermelon because when you scrape it it makes the water. <SEP>. Something I do. Is I'll make chocolate sauce and dip strawberries and bananas in them. I have two nieces. And they go melt some chocolate chips. Go buy me some strawberries. Is that good? I've seen that so many times strawberries dipped in chocolate. But I've never tried it. Are they really good? If you get a sweet strawberry they're much better. But if you get a sour strawberry. <SEP> I bet it doesn't mix well does it? The strawberries are coming in season now from. They're coming up from Florida of course. I live in Vermont. But they're really reasonably priced. They're coming up from Florida. So. That's good. Because I know they've been really expensive lately. Because they weren't in season. <SEP> Of course they had to be grown in greenhouses and stuff and in. Actually I think they get some of them from South America. Is that right? They. A lot of winter produce comes from South America. <SEP> I. Of course their seasons are switched. Do you want to discuss the recipe? <SEP> I have a recipe if you want. It filled. A lot of people try to stay away from this. But I make my own homemade pudding just because I don't like box pudding. <SEP> Is that right? I've never heard of that. And it if you. First of all I take about a quarter and a half of milk. And I put it in a two quart saucepan. And you put it on a really low heat. And you want to use one of your good sauce pans that dissipate the heat because it ends up burning. No matter how careful you are you still might get a film on the bottom of the pot. <SEP> I don't let that worry me. And I get the milk lukewarm. And then I pour about a half a cup of cornstarch in it. And I have this thing. It's called the slender blender. It makes a whip topping out of milk if you get the milk cold enough. It's I don't know. They're called moo goo leaves or something. They're sl-. I think I know what you're talk-. Is it a hand held? They're real neat. <SEP> The. I think they're real reasonably priced. Some of them they used to be a hundred dollars. And they used to whip skim milk into a dessert. But I didn't get that one. I got the Black and Decker kind. But it's real handy because it doesn't have a cord. And you beat this cornstarch right into the milk. And it does an excellent job. Or just hand beat it. I guess you could use a hand mixer. But I don't think it gets it good enough. And then before the milk gets too hot I add two beaten eggs and I really mix them in good. And then about a half a cup of sugar. And I let it pretty much. I beat it every minute for about ten seconds. And it starts thickening. When it thickens the cornstarch might get a little. It gets little globs of this rubbery cornstarch. <SEP> And you just keep beating it in. And it's the. The trick is to have this blender. So if you were. You'd have to probably almost go out. And someone who's just going to make it first time it's. You'll have much better luck if you had one of these little blenders. And then you can add cocoa powder to it to make chocolate. Or after it's thickened I cook it for a good. Once it starts boiling I cook it for a good seven to ten minutes. <SEP> And then you can make chocolate. Or you can take it off and let it cool. You put really good vanilla favoring in it and some butter. And that makes french vanilla custard. That is really interesting. Are you saying to use for chocolate unsweetened. A chocolate powder. <SEP> Unsweetened? That cocoa the unsweetened. It comes in a real dark can. Our mothers used to use it. And then. <SEP> I have some. We all used to. I just want to. It's the unsweetened kind. It's not like Nestles Quik. <SEP>. I suppose you could use that. I-. Cooking chocolate. But. <SEP> That's really interesting. I've never heard of anybody making their own pudding before that's really neat. I used to make the regular pudding the chocolate and put it in the pie shell. And if it would sit in the refrigerator for a day where you cut the pie it would soak into the pie shell. And it was red. And I'm. This is kind of groedy. How did you get a recipe for pudding on your own? Actually I found it in one of my mother's homemade cookbooks. Something she had collected out of WOMAN'S DAY or something. <SEP> Is that right? <SEP> That is just really neat. Because I. I think you couldn't make it with a hand whisk or a regular beater. But. It would probably be a lot more work and probably not turn out as good. But I still think a beater would do it good enough. The trick is to get the cornstarch. <SEP> Right in the lukewarm milk. Sometimes I put the cornstarch in a separate bowl. And I would put it in the sink. And I'll take my lukewarm milk and put it in the cornstarch and beat it good. It seems to be better than putting the cornstarch into the liquid. Once it hits the top of the liquid it seems to make little balls and stuff on the top. So you put the milk in the cornstarch? And I'll do this. Sometimes I'll put my after I pour that back into my saucepan. I'll put the eggs in the same dish and beat them up and then pour the cornstarch and the milk mixture in the egg. So. <SEP> And then put that back in the saucepan? And then if you can put your cocoa in with your cornstarch if you wanted to. The cocoa even seems to thicken it even more. That's. Because by the vanilla doesn't seem to thicken as well as the. Sometimes the cocoa is. My husband really likes it thick. He says I can stick the spoon right in this. <SEP> Because I'm always worrying it won't firm up because when you take it out of the saucepan it's I hope this thickens a little more because it's not real package thick. When you cook a package it's a little less. But I put it in a nice glass bowl. And some people don't like that film on the pudding. So you can put Saran Wrap over the top. <SEP> And then once the pudding starts cooling it makes little balls of water on the Saran Wrap. So when you pull the Saran Wrap back you sort of should be a little careful pull it back and shake the water off the Saran Wrap. And I might put it back on. But. Do you put it in the refrigerator then. Or y-. When it starts steaming a lot I definitely put it in the refrigerator. <SEP> But I. My father always told me if you put hot food in your refrigerator you're going to make it work too hard. That's true. I knew that. That's. <SEP> That's why I do that. I don't know. That's my great hard recipe.
sw2331.txt:Are you a player? I think I am. It's been a while now. Has it? <SEP> I've. Just recently I got married. And we bought a house. We're about fifty yards from the golf course. But unfortunately the house is taking up my time. <SEP> So it's been almost a year since I've actually swung a club for a purpose. I haven't played in about two years. And then I went out two weeks ago with the guys here. I work at T I. And I played in a tournament out there. And I shot a net fifty-nine. They were kind of little upset. <SEP> I guess I laid off long enough to get rid of all my bad habits. I have a hard time inventing shots. Let's go around this tree and try a slice through a hook here. <SEP> And I can't do that. So. I finally got out. And I've been watching quite a few videos. I had not been able to play. So I took out a few videos and watched them for a while. And I hope I'm on the right track. <SEP> Shot a career low eighty-nine and my handicap is twenty nine. That's great. I like that. <SEP> Now like I say it's been a while for me too. I've got my wife motivated about it. And I think that's probably going to be one of the next investments is get her a set of clubs. And we'll get out of the driving range and get some interest built up. And hopefully we can start in. I've tried to get my wife. I bought her a set of clubs four years ago. She hasn't even swung them. But she wants to get into it now after I came home and won the tournament the other day. <SEP> She's ready to get off into it. That's good. But I just like getting out being in the outdoors. And I'm a hunter and fisher anyway. But. <SEP> Same thing here. At least I can get out and play a few hours of golf. And it's not going to cost me an arm and a leg really. And I walk. I don't ride. So. <SEP> I get a little exercise there too. So. That's. I've got the same attitude. I tell you. I started. I guess the first time I played golf has been probably about eight or ten years ago now when I was in college. <SEP> And I took it as a P E course and then kind of left it alone for a while. And then finally got into it while I was still in school. And since then we've made it. As the friends start getting married and things like that we've made a tradition of having a Thursday. Have probably a Thursday night bachelor party and a Friday golf day before the wedding. <SEP> So it. That's back in South Dakota where I grew up. So that's been my main involvement. Is it seems like I go home and play golf more than I do around here. But eventually I get people to come and visit me in Dallas. <SEP> And then I'll show them we can play golf in the middle of winter when we can't do it back home. It's pretty nice. We played out here a couple of times in the middle of the winter when my parents came down and what not. They were amazed. Here it is sixty-five degrees. We're out playing golf. And they're freezing cold back there. But actually I picked it up when I was in high school on the same as a P E course. <SEP> When I got into the service I got into it. And now when I come out here I just kind of let it go. And then one of the guys mentioned to me at work one day if I played golf. And I said. I've got my clubs. But I haven't swung them in quite a few years. <SEP> And then I got into it and then back out of it. And it just seems like every couple of years I get back in there. That's right. I really enjoy it. It's really nice. <SEP> It is it's a lot of fun especially if you can find somebody that's got the same level of interest. That seem to be the hardest thing. About. That's true of any sport. If you want to play tennis or racquetball. <SEP> You don't want to go out and get beat to death. But. And people don't want to play with somebody that they are going to beat every time. <SEP> And. And then we've got some guys here that they are four and five handicappers. And they don't like to play with me because I'm too slow for them. But get somebody around your own handicap and you can just mosey on out for three or four hours and have a good time. <SEP> That's right. And I've. Never yet have I walked up. Now I've walked up a few times on the golf course by myself with nobody else to play with. And never yet have I met anybody on the golf course that wouldn't allow me to join their twosome or threesome. <SEP> That's true. They are always friendly. That's true. Come on out. And they don't mind if you make a mistake. They don't mind saying let me tell you how to do that or teach you how to do that or. <SEP> It's pretty nice and friendly out there. That's so. And you can't find that in all sports. <SEP> That's absolutely right. And you can gain a lot of ground doing that too if. You get in a rut if you do play a lot. But you play with the same people you aren't going to learn anything. After a short period once you learn everything they've got to offer. Then you've basically tapped your resources there. You need to. <SEP> But eventually I'd like to work up and maybe get involved in a mixed doubles league or something like that. We have one down here in the summertime. It runs from five o'clock to seven thirty or eight o'clock because it doesn't get dark until nine thirty or ten. <SEP>. And we play in the summertime out here. We get a mixed league in. And that's what I'm trying to get her ready for. It's going to start when we change time back whenever that is next month. <SEP> And it will start then. And we had a lot of girls out there a couple of years ago. And they were just starting to learn. And they were shooting a hundred hundred and twenty. But they were. Now they're down into the hundreds nineties. <SEP> So it won't take her long. That's good that's good that's sounds like a lot of fun. <SEP> And it's something we can do together. So. She doesn't do much hunting. She could care less about that. She's does a little fishing. But golf would give her the exercise. She'd be outside. Give her something to do that we both enjoy. So. <SEP> It sounds like we've got real similar situations. I've gone home every year now since I've moved to Dallas to go pheasant hunting. And the last time I took my wife along. <SEP> And kind of the same situation. She's up in the house and talked to my mother the whole time we were out hunting and stuff. But she'll make the trip for fishing if that comes along. <SEP> But it's interesting. And it's a game that you don't. Bowling you feel bad if you bowl a hundred. But if you shoot a hundred in golf. You don't have to be an expert to play. <SEP> That's right. Any novice can pick up a club and learn how to hold one and learn how to do it and do it right. So you don't have to be an expert in any aspect of it at all. <SEP> That's right. I've kind of formed the attitude that if I could pick two or three shots out of my game every time and put them together on one hole then I do pretty good. And I keep rationalizing that I can do it. I just got to do it all on the same hole. And then it will get better. And you just keep going. And in the meantime just enjoy what you're doing. <SEP> It really works that way. And when I first got back into it I used to get mad because I knew I could do something. And I didn't get it done. And I need to slice this ball around here. I naturally slice anyway. Now the ball will go straight. And I go. <SEP> I never broke a club or anything. But I'd get upset about it sometimes. And now I guess being in my forties I just kind of mellowed out a little bit. <SEP> I don't get upset any more. And. And that's great. I've enjoyed talking to you. <SEP> You bet. I guess I'll go back to work. Sounds like it. See you later. <SEP>.
sw3324.txt:Just to let you know I have two children of my own. I've got two boys one four year old and one two years old. So I'm just starting out. <SEP> I have two boys who are twenty-eight and twenty-four and a daughter who is twelve. That's quite a spread. <SEP> Same husband everything. That's great. But. One of the things that I like to do with my boys when I get home is I like to try and spend a lot of time with them. They're not very old. So they couldn't do a whole lot yet. <SEP> But they like to spend time with me. We just do various things nothing really. They like to be outside as much as possible. If it's not raining. <SEP> But the weather's trying to turn now. So. Are you down here in Texas? I'm in Dallas. <SEP>. <SEP> You know what I meant with rain. <SEP> What. What one of the trends I've noticed is that it's always too easy to just plop your kids down in front of the T V and let them watch movies or play video games or something. I have. Can you hold on just a sec-. <SEP> I have to answer a business phone. I hate to do it on this call. That's okay. <SEP> A R E this is Arlene Lister. It was just a recorded message on our business phone anyway. I'm sorry. Keep going. It's okay. So that was the thing that I noticed that I know a lot of friends that we have they have a tendency to do the same thing. And one of the things we try to do is we try to avoid doing that as much as possible. Although it really is very easy to do that type of thing. Just plop them down in front of the T V and let them be entertained that way. <SEP> And seeing as you've got some older children I'm wondering how did you handle that when they were growing up? <SEP> <SEP> There was not nearly as much of it. In fact I think things were quite a bit different. When my big kids were little all the mothers were home. <SEP> The kids got up in the morning and ate breakfast and poked around. And then when they felt like it they went out to play when they were little like that. <SEP> And I think it's gotten very different. When my second one was little they were coming out with SESAME STREET which he started watching. And other than that there was not educational T V. Or you got some cartoons. <SEP> And that was it. But they were never that interested in it anyway. They'd take their trucks out in the backyard go out and play and stuff. But we always did just to the park for walks and to the zoo and museum. <SEP> We did a lot of stuff like that with our kids. And course when they got bigger they were both quite into sports. And so whatever they would do we'd go along with. <SEP> And a girl is very different. <SEP> We have. A girl would like you to spend time with her going shopping. So they're very very different. But y-. Kind of the same thing our. She now. Lot of time spent with her. Is going to. <SEP> Last night was a band concert. And she plays on her school volleyball team and stuff like that. But we still like to pack up just go someplace for the day or just stuff like that. <SEP> One of our older kids now is going to graduate school down at College Station. That's nice. That's. We go down there fairly often for a weekend for family get-togethers and stuff like that. That's great. <SEP> That's great. I know I'd like to get into do more camping and outings and things. And I think we probably will soon as the boys get a little bit older. But for right now they don't. Just getting out in the front and just being outside is good for them. Because they like just being outside. <SEP> I think our kids just always dearly loved that play bounce the ball or just. <SEP> Course when our big ones were little we lived up north. And this time of the year the fun thing was to go out and swoosh around in the leaves. <SEP> So it's very different. That's true. You don't see many leaves around Dallas. And come winter time we'd stick them on sleds. And we had a pond across the street. <SEP> And from little on. I'm. It's so different down here where you go take lessons to learn to ice skate or something. When our kids were little you got them a pair of skates.
sw3595.txt:Arlington Texas. Since I got somebody from Arlington Virginia one day. Is that right? <SEP> I never thought about that. But there is an Arlington. I had a call the other day from Birmingham Michigan. And I was thinking. Birmingham. <SEP> The only Birmingham I could think of was Alabama. It's funny how many names have been used all over the country. Tell me what kind of books have you read? To tell you the truth I've been going to college for the last four years. So mainly text books. <SEP> I was going to say not fun kind? But I really tend to like biographies a lot not necessarily always heavy ones. <SEP> But sometimes biogr-. I just read one about Grace Kelley. I love to read about real people. To me half the time it's more fascinating than some of these made up stories. It is. Because it's really and truly a true thing. It happened. <SEP> I read one about Bob Hope that I liked. That was real good. I'm like you. If it's not a heavy biography I enjoy it. <SEP> I used to like to read about royalty a lot. When I was younger I read about every king and queen that lived in Europe. That was my thing for a while. I was trying to think. I read a novel that used the names of Princess Di and Prince Phillip coming over here to be entertained and all. And there was a murder. <SEP> It was some time ago. Seems like it was THE SPY WENT DANCING or something like that. It sounds like fun. It was a lot of fun because they used these real names. Wonder if it was by one of those famous writers. Margaret Truman Daniels writes a lot those. <SEP> In fact I believe it was. Because. I believe. Sounds like something she would write. <SEP> I think it was by her now that you mention it because someone had given it to me. And I thought this will be great. And it was. I've heard that her books are really interesting. And they always sell well. And. <SEP> When you use real people like that. Brings it to life. I know some of the British people laugh at us because we're so enthralled with their royalty. <SEP> But that's like them being enthralled with our football and so forth. I know. Our movie stars. Our movie stars. Because it's totally different concept to us. <SEP> I haven't had a chance to read a lot lately either. I have read mostly novels. I went to visit my daughter in Florida. And I took a novel with me and read it at Thanksgiving time. And it was one of those generation novels. <SEP> Starts out when they're small and continues through generations. I always like those. And I like that. Have you ever read anything by Susan Howatch? <SEP> I have. Isn't she fabulous? She is wonderful. Once you st-. I don't like to get one of her books. Because I just live to read. <SEP> I'll skip everything just to get back to the book. I stayed up one night until two in the morning finishing one of hers because I could not put it down. <SEP> She's just a. I don't know. How often does she come out with them. I probably have missed the last few since I've been back in school. It seems like she doesn't write as often as Danielle Steele and those silly things. She writes the same thing. She can turn them out overnight I swear. <SEP> And they're the same silly things. If you've read one it's practically the same thing over and over. I've never read a whole one of hers I don't think. And think how rich she is. <SEP> Wouldn't I. I'm criticizing her. And wouldn't I like to have her money. Because they go from hardback to paperback. And she has millions of them. And then make movies out of some of them. <SEP> Mini series and so forth. And it seems to me like Susan Howatch does not write as often. I have not seen as many of hers. Hers are so involved. And they're such a higher intellectual level because she quotes a lot. <SEP> I think she does a lot of research too. I do too. She couldn't possibly turn them out like some of these popular writers. But her books are just incredible. I don't think they've ever made a movie do you? <SEP> I don't think so. And I've often wondered why haven't you? I. I really just thought about it now. But there's just. <SEP> Maybe it's because they take so much in. I don't know. Maybe they're just too involved for the average person to go and sit through them. They're so big. <SEP> They're such. It would be like another GONE WITH THE WIND I guess another three hour movie. <SEP> And maybe that turns people off. But look at GONE WITH THE WIND. I know. It's about one of my favorite movies. Have you gotten into SCARLETT yet? It had such a bad press. I wasn't too. <SEP> That's exactly what I was going to say. I was amazed. Because I. In the beginning when it was on route coming out I heard mixed publicity kind of good and bad. <SEP> And then when it came out all I heard was just how bad it was that I didn't even want to get it. Me either. Do you know anyone that's read it? I haven't heard of anybody that's read it either. <SEP> I think it was on the best-seller list though for a while. It wouldn't surprise me. <SEP>
sw2611.txt:I was just trying to think about how I dress for work. T I is a very casual atmosphere. And what I usually do on the weekend is lay out five outfits. And on Monday I wear the worst looking one. Because it doesn't seem like people are that alive on Monday. <SEP> So. And then progressively through the week I'll wear nicer looking things. And then on Friday most everybody wears jeans and sweatshirts or jeans and blouses or something like that. But mostly what I wear are skirts and blouses or skirts and pullover sweaters or little two piece dress suits. But. <SEP> That's a good way to approach it. I've never thought about. I do plan my clothes a week in advance. Actually I plan them a month in advance. I usually do a month at a time. So I don't repeat an outfit. But I've never thought about wearing your worst outfit on Monday because really no one's paying attention. But I don't work outside of school. I work in the computer lab at school. So I can just wear whatever I have on for school. And really it's. I try to dress presentable but very comfortable. <SEP> In the warm weather it's always shorts and a t-shirt or a button up or something like that. And then in the winter time it's jeans or pants. I usually. College is so casual. You really don't want to dress up unless you have a job. And you have to be there right after school or something like that. So. Where I work it's pretty casual. I guess it's more like a college campus. Also there's hundreds of people work for T I. And a lot of people just wear jeans and sweats all the time. And they dress up when customers are coming in or when we have department meetings or something like that. <SEP> And a lot of people like those that work in the legal department for the real higher ups like the T I lawyers and those that work for the higher executives those secretaries. They really dress up all the time. <SEP> So there's a good combination in the hallways all the time. That's good that they're so casual. <SEP> My brother works for T I. And he's a computer engineer. And whenever he was going to school he was expecting to having to wear a tie or a dress shirt everyday. But he goes to work in his blue jeans t-shirt and tennis shoes. <SEP> And he just loves it. And that's very acceptable at T I. I believe at I B M they make you wear a blue suit and some kind of colored shirt and a tie. <SEP> That's what I've heard. I would hate to be in that atmosphere. But they just moved into the new building. He calls it the new building. I don't know. It's where all the executives are. <SEP> And so they were going to try to take their blue jean code with them and trying to get all the upper level to start wearing blue jeans. But he just left for Italy today at four. And he'll be over there until July first setting up some kind of computers for them. I see. <SEP> For T I but over in Italy. T I is everywhere. He was so excited about going. <SEP> But he didn't carry any ties or anything because he just went over there with that attitude if I don't take it then they won't make me wear it. That's true. That's a good idea. Because he didn't. He's not really into all that. He would wear it if he had to for his job and all. But his preference is blue jeans and a t-shirt. So. <SEP> But I think that's great about T I. And also to get off the clothing the smokers you know how they have the different designated areas for smokers and stuff. The. <SEP> I think that's great. And if you happen to go into one of areas that is a smoke area and you don't smoke you almost strangle. Do you smoke? So much smoke in the air. The smoking area it's closed in. <SEP> And if you don't smoke and you go in there. Everybody that goes in there smokes. So it's full of smoke when you go in there. I used to smoke a long time ago. I think that's. I used to burn my clothes talking about getting back to clothes. I used to burn my clothes with cigarettes. That's one of the reason that I stopped. <SEP> You mentioned your daughter had graduated from college. When she was in high school did she always have to have all the new fashions. And? She always had to have a lot of clothes. That's how I am. But my mamma was not raised like that. And so. I wasn't either. My daughter she's real good at finding sales though. <SEP> Me to. I have to hunt them down. She'll buy a lot clothes at the end of seasons and just have them for the next year. <SEP> And she finds all the outlets and all the discount places and buys clothes. When they were coming up I didn't sew. But now I've learned how to sew. So I'm still learning how. And I'm getting much better at it. And I'm going to be able to make my own clothes. That's great. <SEP> I wanted to take a sewing class at school. But I just haven't fit it into my schedule yet. But that can really benefit. That's something that I'd be very interested in learning. Because clothes are really expensive. <SEP> They're outrageous !. A little simple shell blouse that you can make for about ten dollars at the most out of a decent fabric runs you twenty something dollars in the store. <SEP> It's marked up. Just a little shell to go under a suit. It is really outrageous. But whenever I was growing up and all my mom. I never understood this then. But I do now. But she never would buy me the new designer jeans that had come out that were thirty dollars. Or she wouldn't buy me the fifty dollar tennis shoes and stuff like that. <SEP> And she always told me it was because I was still growing. And she wasn't going to buy me something I was going to grow out of next week. Especially to pay that kind of money for it. I have a friend who. She had a little boy. And she used to dress him out of Neiman Marcus. She dressed him fabulously. <SEP> And then seems like every time she turned around he was outgrowing stuff. And she finally learned that you just can not do this. So now she finds the basement sales just like everybody else. <SEP> That's the best way to shop. I always thought my mom was being mean to me. But I look back at it now. And my child is going to. I'm going to raise mine the same way. I don't know. They're just so outrageously priced. It's just incredible. And you. <SEP> I try to always catch the sales. Always. And. And you just have to keep buying them. If you're not buying the most expensive clothes out there the quality is really not that great for the price that you pay. <SEP> It depends on. There's always a reason why they're on sale. So that has a lot to do with it. <SEP> But. I bought the most beautiful sweater from Ross Dress For Less. And it was really pretty. It was just a plain round necked sweater. <SEP> And it was embellished around the top. It had leather designs and some other little things on it. And I just thought it was so pretty. And I got it at a real good price. I think maybe it was nine ninety-nine or something. That's great. And it was so pretty. And after I wore it a couple of times I realized why it was so cheap. <SEP> In the middle of the back of it there was. It's like there. It had been slit. And they had just sewed it back together right in the middle of the back. Wasn't a seam or anything. <SEP> And that's why it was so cheap although it's not really noticeable from the outside. But still it's really not a good quality. And then I was told by somebody that works for J C Penney's that Ross is just one of those places that sells seconds. <SEP> The defect. They don't really buy the first quality. They buy the second. And places like J C Penney's they'll reject the seconds. They'll send them back every time. But places like Ross Dress For Less and T J Max. <SEP> T J Max does that. We have a T J Max over here. And.
sw2137.txt:What do you think about the idea of having volunteer service for everyone? I think that really it wouldn't hurt most of the young people of the country to have to go and do voluntary service. And there have been so many people that have done it. <SEP> And I've talked with several. And I think they've gotten a lot out of it. Are you doing any kind of volunteer work now? Not right now. But I have done Red Cross work. And I've taught C P R training. A-. What about when would people do it when they finished high school? <SEP> I think probably as soon as they finished high school it would be ideal because a lot of times if they go straight into college I think they're going in too quick. But. I think particular boys that the maturity. In fact I wasn't very mature when I left high school. And I think there's a real challenge there. There's also this issue of whether you're really ready. And I think it gives a different perspective. Y-. I think if you've been out of school a year year and a half before you start to college you appreciate college more than someone that just goes right straight into college. <SEP> The only complication is how do you fund something like this? A lot of parents fund their children. There are some groups that have their children go away for a year. Even the religious organizations. I think the Mormon church sends out missionaries that. <SEP> And the parents fund them for the whole year year and a half that they're gone. It's interesting. It gets them away from home and gets them to do something useful. Although the kids today though it seems almost that their concern for money. We were doing some investigating colleges and said the kids are much more interested today in trying to find a job study something that will give them a job as opposed to be curious. As to if. If there was mandatory you could choose the option of either a mandatory military service or voluntary. Do you think that would be reasonable? I think it would. In Israel even the women are required to be in the military for a certain period of time. I was in the military. And I personally feel if they have the draft that they should draft women as quickly as they do the men. But the issue of which. What would you have them do? There are a lot of people around with. There's a lot of unemployment right now. What would you have these people do if they were brought in? <SEP> What into the service? Or. Or say the volunteer. Say that it was mandatory. <SEP> I think that they ought to have something for the unemployed in a voluntary field like the. I don't know if you remember about the W P A. My father was in the C C C. <SEP> He was in that? It's not the best thing in the world. But it gave them something to do. It seems that there's some things like the programs at least just go around and clean up streets and pick up trash and even aluminum cans and some of these kinds of things. R-. Or go into the more depressed areas and help repair the houses. In fact we helped with Help To Help Humanities. And that was a good experience. But you take the kids out. And a lot of the buildings in downtown areas that either need demolishing or need fixing up. So. <SEP> It would be a good idea. We've been doing this three or four minutes. I think that. Do you have any other further comments? Not really. It was good talking to you Betty. <SEP> O-. I'll talk to you later. Have a good night.
sw3369.txt:Have you seen a new movie lately? I am a student. And I have been actually watching more movies on video than being able to go out to see movies at the theater. <SEP> I want to see the FISHER KING and catch ROBIN HOOD. I haven't seen either one of those. What are some of the shows that you have been able to rent though? Let's see. I'm trying to just think of the ones that have come on. WHITE PALACE which I thought was over hyped recently. You're catching me at mind's end here. What have you seen recently? Maybe you have seen DANCES WITH WOLVES. <SEP>. What did you think of that one? <SEP> Enjoyed that quite a bit. I thought the cinematography was excellent. <SEP> The story was. Though it tended to be a little one sided it was good. It was believable. I just moved down in fact from South Dakota in June. And that's when the movie was filmed. <SEP> And when the movie came out we went. My dad lives in the state capital which is Pierre. And it was filmed right outside of Pierre. In fact the big buffalo herd scene that was a live scene. <SEP> There's a guy that has got a buffalo farm. And he has got over ten thousand head of buffalo and my dad has got a little plane we flew over it all a- looked at the buffalo. It was really neat. So we are watching the movie in the movie theater in Pierre. And just every time I would start to get into the movie and it was getting good someone in the crowd would yell there's John Red Eagle. <SEP> Or they'd start recognizing people. <SEP> They knew the extras or the. I think I enjoyed it more when I watched it on video cassette than I did in the movie theater because my attention would get diverted every time they'd say that. I'd go which one could that be. And I'd start trying to focus in on people instead of picking up the overall. <SEP> Scope. But I thought it was a good film. But you are right. I think it was very one sided. <SEP> It was. But it's a side that hasn't been told. As far as telling it from the Indians as the good guys and the white men as the bad guys. I really thought about all the westerns that we have seen for years and years. And it's just shoot the Indians. And they are always the savages. <SEP> In fact I was watching WILD WILD WEST last night. And it was a similar situation with the Iroquois Indians attacking an army fort. <SEP> But it was an interesting movie. Have you seen PRETTY WOMAN? I thought that was a good show. <SEP> That was a good movie. It was just kind of a get away movie. Kind of. It didn't have any real social bearing. And it wasn't really a comedy. <SEP> But it was an enjoyable movie. It was kind of like the STAR WARS series just something a little different yet believable. <SEP>. You're bringing it. I don't know. I sure did have a mind lock about the movies I've seen. But. I've seen PRETTY WOMAN and DANCES WITH WOLVES. And. Are you much of a STAR TREK fan. Are you going to see this next one that's coming out? <SEP> Have you seen the rest? I think I've missed one. I'm not sure. But I think I've missed one. <SEP> I actually went to the STAR TREK twenty fifth anniversary marathon that happened about a month ago. And they showed all five in a row. Was that here in Dallas? They had it everywhere. Every major city had one theater that did it. And. Because we had one here in Dallas. <SEP> And they did it in Houston. They did it everywhere. And it was really good to see all the movies and how the story developed. And the thing that I didn't realize is that if you watch the movies in a row time wise they happen one after another and just no time between them. But you can watch the characters develop.
sw3140.txt:. My name is Nola. I'm in Plano Texas. I'm Steve. I'm in Dallas Texas. <SEP> Not too far away. That's unusual. Seems like usually. <SEP> I've had some from Plano too. I think all mine have been East Coast people so far. <SEP> Let's see. Social changes. Social changes. What's that mean? <SEP> That sounds like not as recent social changes too like back to the sixties or fifties. Think we can handle that? <SEP> I definitely. There's plenty of things to talk about there. That's a. Shall I go ahead and push one? <SEP> You want to go ahead and start? I was hoping that you would. But. In social changes is that. It seems to me that. <SEP> That involves a lot of different areas I think. Does that. <SEP> A lot. It seems like the rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer is even more true today? <SEP> There is a big difference in the economic status of people although I think that has been true always. S-. Perhaps there's less of the middle range then there was. It's like people are starting to give up hope. And they start out very poor. Let's see. That's a bad tangent to get on. What else has changed between the sixties and the eighties and the nineties? <SEP> I think in my situation. I have three children. And we're home schooling. So things that relate to education are things that I think about a lot. I think that involves social changes a lot. For instance I think the schools are having more and more problems because of things that are happening socially in the world around them and because of their parents. And things that are being taught in the home are not taught in the home rather. And children being put in day-care centers from very early. And I think that a lot of these things that have been happening such as the day-care centers and things are having a big effect on the social changes. Because of the way children are being raised they're not learning the values they need to learn. <SEP> And they don't have the self-esteem that they need to have. And they don't have a solid family life that they need to have to confidently deal with the things in the world. And I think we're seeing a lot of rebellion and things because of that and the things like the gang things that are happening. And. It seems so that. That is a pretty big change. It seems even not just single parent families but with no guidance. But it seems like some of these even ladies that'll work and have a baby and then after two or three months go back to work. <SEP> <SEP> It's. That's very young for a baby. That's really sad. I think that a lot of people. And they think they have to. But. <SEP> I think that if they really tried they wouldn't have to. And I think that if they didn't and it became more of the standard not to that maybe companies would start paying men more so that their wives could stay home. And have a more solid foundation for the kids. <SEP> They're going to. Like you said they might be saving money. Even if they had to pay more now in the long run it's going to cost society more to force two people to work. Even though it's higher productivity is short-term. That's right. <SEP> It already costs society much more because of it. It. Trying to do all these programs like Headstart and things like those. You wouldn't have to do that if mothers would stay home with their children and do things with them. <SEP> There's. And I think a lot of it is selfishness. People have become very selfish. They don't want to stay home with the kids or something like that. There are a lot of two parent situations where the woman goes back to work because that's what she wants to do. Rather than she needs the money just she wants the stimulating environment. <SEP> Rather than that she has to have the money particularly. <SEP> Or maybe there's a small need for money. So she does it partly because of the money but partly for herself too. It. It's interesting w-. Home study. Is that what you said? <SEP> Home school. Home school. Is it a preschool level then or through grade school or. <SEP> I have one going into fourth grade and one starting kindergarten and then a preschooler. And one on the way. I s-. <SEP> You sound busy. So you're teaching them completely. <SEP>. And I think it's becoming more popular then it has been for a while. Home schooling's always been around. But I can see more and more families going to it because of the problems in the schools. And a lot of it is discipline problems. <SEP> A lot of it is. And you can tell which kids have been in day-care centers. It's really obvious to look at them and watch the way they act and things. That they've been raised in a day-care center. That's pretty sad because something's got to change with the schools. That's what it all boils down to in the end usually anyway. <SEP> I think it's going to change in the homes before anything changes anywhere else. When they're young. <SEP> The home is the base. It's the basic unit. And that's where it all starts. And if we don't start making changes in the homes. And maybe part of that is educating parents better. And educating. Changing people's expectations. <SEP> I know they do have some classes in high schools and things for kids to give them an idea of what family life is like and that kind of thing. But.
sw2121.txt:Could you tell me what you think contributes most to air pollution? It's hard to say. While it's certainly the case that things like automobiles and factories pollute a lot if you look at how much pollution is kicked up by an active volcano it's certainly less than clear that anything man can do in this sort of scale of things has much effect at all. What do you think? You talked about volcanos. I'm not sure how many active volcanos there are now and what the amount of material that they do put into the atmosphere. I think probably the greatest cause is vehicles especially around cities. <SEP> Do you live right in the city itself? I'm more out in the suburbs. But I certainly work near a city. So Can you notice. <SEP> How about you? It's. I live in a rural area. It's mainly farms and no heavy industry. Attleboro itself. I live in Rhode Island. <SEP> I see. And it's in the north. I live up in the northeast corner. And Attleboro sits just over the line where T I's plant is. But there isn't a lot of heavy industry. There's the freeways. And we get an occasional. It depends which way the wind's blowing from Boston cause we're forty miles south of Boston. So we'll pick up that. And I've noticed over the past maybe five or six years. We live about twenty miles away from the state airport. And I notice that the fly patterns now of the jets are getting bigger. They're swinging wider so that now they are coming over our homes. <SEP> And it seems like we're catching all that residue. I'm not sure if it's kerosene or what that's dropping. But other than that we don't have the emissions. From the power plants. <SEP> You mean from the coal. We generate. One of our biggest electrical plants in Rhode Island uses coal to generate electricity. There doesn't seem to be much emission from them. But I'm not sure about the rest of the country. <SEP> I notice locally a major problem is Kodak. It's interesting. Because in order to keep with the E P A standards which tend to be what's coming out of your smokestack they do all their emissions at night. So people get up. Is that right? People get up in the morning in that neighborhood. And they've got this black ash on their cars which seems to be. <SEP> I really think that if the E P A had anything on the ball they'd go in there with a few phosphorous grenades light up the sky photograph the emissions at that point and. There must be some of the larger plants up around one hundred twenty-eight. <SEP> We've got reports that. During the night seems like they'd blow off their stacks from the warehouses for powerhouses. <SEP> And they do that at night too because employees been complaining that the cars have been pitted and spots all over them. <SEP> So you're right. They could do something. About that I guess. That seems a little ridiculous. How are your lakes. And. <SEP> They've been getting cleaner. They have? But. I'm not sure how much the water pollution is directly related to the air pollution other than acid rain. Acid rain. That's what I was. <SEP> The stuff I've read recently in Technology Review basically indicates that acid rain may be a little bit overstated. That a lot of the die off they've seen in forests may not really be due to acid rain at all. I'm not an expert. Didn't they just have an article on. They were dumping lime. Up here? Upstate New York somewhere over huge areas. <SEP> I haven't read that. And they thought that was more beneficial because some of it does soak in. And some of it runs off right away in to the streams and rivers. And some of the fish were supposedly making a comeback. <SEP> I can't remember where. I read that recently somewhere. And I can't remember where. That's interesti-. But I thought it was up there. So that's interesting because New Hampshire and parts of Vermont they showed pictures of extensive tree damage that they attributed to acid rain. <SEP>. You kind of think it's something else then? <SEP> That's what the environmentalists were claiming in this article. So that. They didn't say what though. They just said they thought it was. They didn't say what. They just said they thought acid rain's contribution may be less than was previously suspected. That it may be other natural things at work. Natural disease. <SEP> So it's less than clear. Like I said I don't remember the article that well. But I don't know. What do you think we can as individuals or as a group do about air pollution? We can demand more efficient automobiles for one thing. I still think that's one of our major causes of pollutants. <SEP> How we go about that it's a little bit difficult. I think it's up to individuals too to ask automakers for less pollutant vehicles. <SEP> I think you need a vehicle something like Nader's Raiders or A A R P which has a lot of members. If you can get those types of groups. <SEP> Do you really think that new vehicles though is a big problem. I remember reading an article that said it's the older polluters. The twelve and fifteen year old cars contribute ninety percent of the automobile pollution. <SEP> And the new cars is hardly anything. They're better. But how about all the trucks and buses that are out there. When was the last time you saw a truck that didn't belch smoke or. But doesn't that just mean they're out of tune. I'm not really sure. You think that the trucking industry is that incompetent that they wouldn't. Fuel is one of their biggest costs. <SEP> So you would. But diesel engines. Diesel engines. <SEP> It. They do generate a lot of soot. But at least that kind of particulate comes out of the air pretty quickly. We could also push for legislation for rapid transit systems. This country seems to be a little behind on that. On the other hand most people don't use rapid transit because it's so inconvenient. But only because we got used to single person single car driving. <SEP> A lot of people don't even like to carpool. But we could that. That'll help air pollution. <SEP> The United States and Canada is going into some types of agreements to limit what's being given out by power plants. I guess Canada's quite concerned that we're sending a lot of our stuff up there. <SEP> So that's helping. What do you think about a device a meter right on a tail pipe. And you pay the tax based on how much you polluted? That's an idea. Don't say that too loud though because every city and town will have a meter on your tail pipe generating revenue. <SEP> It just means if you don't pollute or you pollute very little you don't have to pay any tax. Or you just buy one of these things. And it. Maybe you could probably devise them so it slowly closed off your tail pipe. And the less you pollute the longer the devise lasts. And if you pollute a lot then it closed off your tail pipe. And you couldn't start your car anymore. That's an interesting concept. Is that your idea? But it's. I guess the difficulty would be that somebody could obviously just take it right off the tail pipe again. So you probably would have to build it right into the muffler or something. I was going to say. It could be installed like a catalytic converter. <SEP> I guess you could take those off too. But. You could take ca-. But mufflers would be a little more obvious if you took that off. If you can take a muffler off and only replace. Not unless it was built into every muffler. <SEP> And that's. But if you was talking about something which was more or less universal that busses and any kind of vehicle had to pay a pollution tax this would penalize the heavy polluters and not penalize the light polluters. <SEP> That's quite a concept. You should pursue that or patent it. Patent it. That's a good idea. If you could come up with a device that's the thing. <SEP> But it shouldn't be too hard to do something like that. But that's a thought. You're right. And that will solve a lot of problems. I don't know if you approached the automobile industry if they would be too keen on installing something like that. <SEP> But a proposal to the proper authorities. You might generate some interest in it. <SEP> The automobile regulatory agencies or something. But that's a good idea. Other than that I'm not sure what individuals can do other than like I said get involved through a group or an organization.
sw3628.txt:What vacations have you been on that you like? I really enjoyed. I went to Mackinaw Island a few years back. <SEP> It's in the middle of Michigan. And so that was nice. I like driving to different cities because of the scenery. So that was nice. So you. Most of yours is kind of driving. And. <SEP> I've been all over the states except for pretty much east. It's very pretty driving up north in Wisconsin too. How far do you usually end up driving. The furthest I drove was probably Texas. And then I've taken a train before to California. You're from where? Wisconsin. <SEP> Kenosha Wisconsin. I have a brother in Minnesota that used to live in Wisconsin. <SEP> So. That's quite a ways. It is. I've. We went to California this last year and liked it. <SEP> But it was too crowded. Walt Disney World and other places it's just the wrong time of the year to go. <SEP> And course you get in any of those tourist traps and everything's outrageously priced. And kind of. You wonder if it's really worth it to pay thirty-five dollars or forty dollars just to get in. <SEP> But There's lots of fun places to see. That's true. I think the scenery kind of. That's something do to you like to get up in mountains. Or. <SEP> Do you have any mountains nearby? Pretty flat isn't it? <SEP> I think the biggest limitation is a lot just time and money isn't it. <SEP> What vacation have you enjoyed the most? Probably when we go to Wisconsin. It's pretty fun. There's a lot to do up there. It's pretty busy though. You have to like crowds. What is it? <SEP> It's a huge amusement park they have water slides. <SEP> And it's just a big big tourist attraction. The downtown is all little shops and candy shops. And it's really neat. I don't think hardly anybody lives there. Because it's just kind of tourists. Probably a city in itself kind of? It's mostly a summer place. Summer place. How far away is it? <SEP> From Kenosha it's about three hours. It's about a hour away from Madison. <SEP> So that's nice. It's a pretty ride up there too. I really like the city Wausau in Wisconsin. It's really pretty. It's nice out there. I like all the nature things there are to look at. And you can probably. You're in a climate that's kind of humid. So you have probably a lot of green and lot of real pretty things. Our climate's real dry. <SEP> Where is that? And you have to kind of get up into the mountains to get much of the greenery. Most of the land's pretty brown. You don't have as much of the greenery like you have. Where's that? Idaho is where I live. And. <SEP>. It's by. I have a little baby thinks he needs to cry now that I'm on the phone. <SEP> It's by Boise. You ever heard of Boise? And it's fine. It's nice. It's uh lot different kind of. I lived in Indiana for a while. And it's a real different land and scenery than there. It's kind of fun to have a little bit diversity and things like that. <SEP> I think there's a lot of places down even in southern Utah the canyon lands and Bryce Canyon. And they're gorgeous. <SEP> Those are kind of fun places. We usually go over to Bear Lake in the summer which is kind of on the border of Idaho and Utah. And the lake goes on forever. And that's real pretty over there too. But I think I'm kind of a summer vacationer. <SEP> Me too. Me too. Unless I'm going somewhere warm for the winter. <SEP> That'd be nice. Where'd you.
sw3288.txt:. So what was the last car repair you had? Just recently I was kind of laughing when I heard the switchboard talking about the question because I had to have my radiator flushed. <SEP> And it was getting rusty. And the thing that they forgot to do was to also look at the hose. And I had gone about two days with my new radiator flushed. And the hose burst. So I was stranded out on the highway. Did you crack the block or what? I didn't do that but there seemed to be enough antifreeze left to do that. But it cost me all kind of money to have that repaired after they said they had repaired it. So that was a horrible experience just recently. I see. <SEP> You got lucky you didn't ruin the whole engine though. That can be pretty serious. <SEP> I know. I know. What about you? I guess it's been awhile for me. I'd sa-. It's been about a year. I had the water pump break on my car. <SEP> I was traveling. I was going on my way home from Thanksgiving. And it broke in the middle of nowhere. <SEP> So I had to get it towed and then fixed. And. Big pain. <SEP> I know. I know. Especially when you're out on the highway. That's where I was. Luckily someone came by and gave me a ride. I know living in Dallas we've got bumper to bumper eight lanes of traffic. And that was horrible. <SEP> To have the. Your car is fuming. And everything. It's already a hundred degrees. You don't need that too. But my car is getting old. It's about six years old now. So. So is mine. <SEP> So I got it right out of college. And so it's starting to show the wear and tear now. I'm hoping mine gets me through. I got until May until I'm out. So when I cross that one I'll be okay. That was my graduation present to myself. So. That's nice. <SEP> I know. But it's really starting to wear. So I've been thinking especially now is a good time to buy a car. Go-. Because I don't know if I want to pay all these repairs now to start getting it fixed when it's starting to breakdown. I don't want to do too much on mine because it will be worth more than the car is. And it's not worth it. <SEP> That's true. I agree with you there. So I don't know. Because I need to have it tuned up and replace some of the belts. And I was looking at the. Tires need to be replaced. And so I was thinking just a lot of money. I'm. Might as well buy me a new car for that. I got new tires last winter too. So I'm that's the last major purchase for this thing. It's not worth it. <SEP> You have to in Pennsylvania. You have to really have your car winterized and stuff. We get some killer winters up here in the mountains. <SEP>. So. Lot of snow and a lot of cold. <SEP> Especially don't you have a lot of salt on the ground? At times there's a lot of it. You got to clean out the underneath of your car all the time when you get a chance. <SEP> Rust and the body too. I haven't had a big problem with that though. So I've been pretty lucky there. <SEP> I think they get the new Z-bart stuff and everything to where you can. That's usually pretty good. You just rinse it off after the winter is over and done with it. <SEP> And go like that so. I usually like to do most repairs on my own though. Do you? Just because that way I know what's wrong with my car and what it needs and what it really doesn't. <SEP>. Plus if something goes wrong I know who to blame. <SEP> I think I'm getting too old for all that. I had four brothers. And they used to drag me out underneath the car and stuff. So I can do all that stuff. But I think I'd much prefer to pay the twenty-two ninety-five to go have it done now. So I can get my hands dirty. So. I'm just getting to that age I guess. You just don't have. Your time becomes very precious. So working on the car is just not one of those things I want to spend my time on anymore. More fun things to do. <SEP> So. I'm trying to. I just need one. I had two cars there for a while. So I wouldn't have to worry about which car was going to run. That's nice. <SEP> And. But it became a hassle trying to keep up and maintain both of them. And. So that. One is bad enough. <SEP> One was bad enough. But I think I got rid of the wrong one. I need a lot of repairs done on this one. So. <SEP> That was something else. Are our five minutes up? I was just wondering that. I didn't set the time or anything to. I didn't either. <SEP> Put. This must be a hard category. I guess. Unless you're big do-it-yourselfer. To fix up your own cars and things like that. But I guess they were talking about experiences. I did. My parents live in Ohio. So I do know something about the really cold weather. And I've always lived down here in the south. And I took my car up there to their house. And I guess I had a crack in the block. And when I got up there the car.
sw3925.txt:. I think the first thing they said I have written this down. So it would. Do you think it's possible to have honesty in government or an honest government? You're asking what my opinion about whether it's possible to have honesty in government. <SEP> I suspect that it is possible. I think it probably is more likely if you have a small government unit where everybody knows everybody. That's a good point. But other than that I think maybe it just depends on how you define honesty. That's interesting. I had read something one time. And it was just applying to governments in general. It was written many years ago. It said that it's impossible to have a completely honest system of government because people who choose government for their positions are power seekers. And I thought that was interesting. It wasn't just talking about our government. It was just government in general. From times past on. <SEP> And. So they're saying that government officials would tend to be power seekers. And that would be a next question to ask. How many do you think are in there for bu-. Because they want to be a service to us. Or are they in there for their own gains. And personally I feel there's probably some of each. <SEP>. But I think maybe a lot of them. The more honest ones who are still looking out for themselves it may be more matter of not what can I steal while in an office but how many friends can I make while I'm in office. <SEP> And how good a name can I make for myself and so forth. So I guess it would be like anything else. The president of General Motors probably has the same. <SEP> And they talked. The other let's see. Third question was how m- serving for their own gains do you think goes on. Then they. That's hard to answ-. But I agree with you there's a lot in business. I think that's very normal that we should not ex-. I think a little more honesty in the campaigns would be more to the point. I think we put too much on politicians. We expect them to only be there to serve us. <SEP> If you knew what you were getting when you voted. That's a problem isn't it? <SEP> It's interesting. Because I'm taking a Texas government class right now. And one of the things. It's so easy to blame them to. A lot of times I think it's our own fault. They lie to us because we don't want to hear the truth. They say you get the government you deserve. And it. <SEP> If they tell us the truth we don't elect them Especially with all this stuff coming up here lately about people's past. And I don't know why anybody would want to get under that scrutiny anymore. <SEP> It's hard to imagine. Because it's gotten just care-. We're not talking about issues we're talking about somebody's personal life. And we're getting away from what we ought to be looking at. <SEP> And it almost seems like in order to avoid some of the scandal you would have to have the kind of wife that you would only find in the Bobsy twins or something like that. I also think it would be funny if we could know everything about the people that were in there and throw them out. I don't think there would be too many left. <SEP> You're taking a government course? At what? The university? It's T C J C. Tarrant County Junior College. <SEP>. And it's really enjoyable. I like it. And then they also ask do you think we could make laws to eliminate all corruption. And I don't think we can make laws to eliminate anything anyplace totally. <SEP> You can make laws against corruption. But that doesn't mean. But that doesn't eliminate it does it? I don't think making laws will stop it. I don't know how many laws you would have to have. I mean. <SEP> They've got laws against cannibalism but that didn't stop that guy in Milwaukee did it? Sure didn't did it? <SEP> So. I think you can legislate. But I think there's no way that you eliminate it all by legislating. And we would end up with so many more laws that. I just think that's human nature that you're going to have corruption in government in business personal life. Actually I think other countries may have it worse. The Japanese government is always having some kind of a scandal. <SEP> Usually involving the Prime Minister or people very close to him. So. I still believe I get very fed up with government sometimes. But when I think about where I'd want to go this is still the best. Or I can. <SEP> I've been around to a few other countries. And I have not found one yet that I would rather live in. I think. At its worst I think we've got the best.
sw3169.txt:Is kind of fun. It's best done when you have leisure time. And I had more of that in my childhood days than I have now. And I grew up in an area that was just a few feet from a rather large lake and a few more miles from that was a even larger lake. And we had a variety of boats at our disposal. I worked for a camp for a number of years. My father was on staff there. And we had every kind of things from canoes to paddle boats sailboats speedboats. You name it they had it. And we did a lot of water sports. But I think the thing I liked the best was we spent about a summer. Couple of guys restored an old wooden boat that was built back in the mid-thirties and got a new canvas sail for it and had a real big old four- foot center board that went down in the middle to keep you upright when the waves. Or the wind came from the side. And we got that thing in the water and had a real good time with it. If you ever got it dumped over though it was a mess to get back up. It wasn't like the newer ones that have nice chambers that keep it afloat or keep it upright again. This one you had to work with. You get out of the water again and get it upright. And sailing was kind of nice to learn the maneuvers you had to work your way down a lake or work back up against the wind as it were tacking back and forth. And more than once we'd get out there on a really stormy day. And the storm or the wind was due to the front blowing. And as soon as the front came over it was calm. So you're out in the middle of nowhere with a paddle. And you paddle your way back in and hope it doesn't start raining on you right away. And that didn't always work. We oftentimes got wet. But it's a nice hobby to have. Nowadays I don't think I could afford the boat or the time nor do we live that close to a lake anymore. Things change I guess. What are your memories of boating. Or current. About the only memories that I have of boating. My husband's family had a motor boat when we got engaged. And they took us out on the lake several times. And I really did enjoy that. I don't know that I ever learned to drive it or anything. But we did some water skiing of course and driving around the lake in the boat and just the basic safety rules and things I found real interesting. They just didn't patrol you like they did with the automobile or whatever. The laws were there. And if you didn't obey them there were a lot of accidents. <SEP> That's true. But I found the motor boating was real fun. I remember learning how to ski. I guess I was seven or eight years old. And the lake that we learned on was the smaller of the two that we had access to. And it was maybe fifteen twenty acres. And it had a lot of turtles in it. And I got all ready to go. And I was down in the water and set to go. And just as that boat took off a turtle bit me in the middle of the back. <SEP> It didn't hurt too much. But it bit enough to where I let go. And the boat went off without me. And I reached back there and pushed him away and got out of the water a while. And it didn't even leave a mark. It was just a little nibble. And so I told everybody what happened. And they go. And so I get back down in there. And I'll be if he didn't do it again. This time a little earlier I had let go before then and before they took off this time and swatted him away. So I moved over a few feet in the water and got out of his little realm where he was living underneath the dock and managed to get up. Didn't go very far. But I got up. And it was a nice long skiing career. But now I've gotten to where skiing is just kind of wears me out more than it does thrill me. I've done about all I dare do on skis. Skiing on one and jumping around here and there. And I know how you can get injured doing much more than that. And I just can't risk it right now being a head of the family and the breadwinner and all that. Just can't take the risk I did as a dumb teenager I guess. Life just changes a little bit in that respect. I'd kind of like someday to maybe end up on a pair of skis that doesn't have a. What they call trick skis. They'll allow you to ski backwards. I haven't managed to get a hold on that craft yet. But. <SEP> That sounds like a real challenge. It would be kind of nice. I hadn't quite figured out. I don't have anybody to teach me either. That's another little thing. You need somebody to kind of tell you what to do. But just from what I've seen you just kind of work your way up to it and turn around real quick. Grab the rope behind you and then just let go real quick and let it whip you around. But I don't know. Maybe someday I'll get back to that after the kids are up and grown and the monies are there to get away for times on end weekend or something. <SEP> My son.
sw3041.txt:So what movies have you seen lately? Lately I've seen SOAP DISH. <SEP> Which was a. And that was a lot of fun. It was kind of a silly little film about soap operas and things. That's something I want to see. That's on my list to see. <SEP> It was okay. It was not a wonderful film. But it was cute but not the biggest laugh I've seen. I saw THELMA AND LOUISE. A couple of days ago and really liked that. Did you? <SEP> Actually I saw it twice because I liked it so much. That's also on my list. And it's really disturbing but a good movie. A disturbing movie. How do you mean? <SEP> It was. Let's see. The. It's different. It's an shoot'em up kind of film. But it's with women in it instead of men. So that's kind of a twist on the normal thing. A switcheroo. <SEP> And it made me think a lot about. You would applaud Bruce Willis in DIE HARD if he was doing this. But you might not be so encouraging of Susan Sarandon and then Gena Davis when they do it. <SEP> When the shoe is on the other foot and see how it. So that was kind of interesting. I've. But I really enjoyed it. <SEP> So I w-. Because that just reminds me of back in school. And the girlfriends just taking off for a day or something. Just getting in trouble and probably not that much trouble. That's kind of what it was. But. <SEP>. They had started out with that. Then they got into lots of trouble. Before we found the shopping malls that's what we did. <SEP> I'll have to keep that on my list then. I also saw that Madonna movie. <SEP> It's TRUTH OR DARE. And that was pretty scandalous. Scandalous? It was kind of. Madonna she's pretty trashy. I can imagine. <SEP> And so it was interesting. I guess she does it for the social value of showing you what trash is. Righ-. I think she kept saying that. They talked about her. It was a film of her concert tour she had taken all around the world. And they were all to her at the Vatican city and wouldn't let her perform in Rome. And she kept saying that her show was not garbage. <SEP> It had a social message to it. And. You just had to find it. You had to wade through it and find it. We never quite believed that. So. You never quite got to. <SEP> I thought that was pushing it a little bit. But she. All I know about that woman is that she's an incredible marketeer. She is. She's rich. And she's rich. And she. So. <SEP> She's smart at what she does. She knows how to do that. She knows how to twist this around. What did you think about DANCES WITH WOLVES when you saw it? We're getting back to last year. That's probably the last movie I saw. DANCES WITH WOLVES. I just adored it. <SEP> How can I tell you. Maybe ten years ago I had read BURY MY HEART AT WOUNDED KNEE. And so just the general theme of the whole movie was pretty. I really liked it a lot. <SEP> It was a real consciousness raiser I guess. And I only bring up WOUNDED KNEE because that was what ten years ago you read and understood about the Indian population. And then everything went away for a couple years. <SEP> And now it's back again. And it's sort of a popular view of what happened way back then. Of course no one will ever know. Really I don't kn-. <SEP> I know. I was. I wondered if the tribes that they represented the tribe that was the evil tribe if they were really as bad as it made them to be. Who knows. It sort of showed two different types of tribes. One was a warring tribe. And the other one was uh vegetarian kind of feel good tribe. Sort of thing. So there possibly were because you know you always have conflict in the world. <SEP> Nobody can get along peacefully. But I wonder. I thought the-. Because they made a big deal about how this film was such a big leap for the people who were the ancestors of this Indian tribe. And that was so wonderful that they done that. And I wonder if they were offended by the film. I see. <SEP> If it. You didn't hear any press about that. <SEP> I thought it was a very interesting movie. I think so. I have come to respect a little bit more what went on here. But who knows how it's supposed to all end. <SEP>. On the broad scope it had a much bigger. Meaning to me. About just the meaning of the freedom of this country and what that really meant. And that was taking over somebody else's freedoms. And sort of trampling that. <SEP> So it meant something bigger I think. But still it was a fantas-. I loved the buffalo scene. And I thought Kevin Costner was just. I got a little sick of his mug on the screen every three minutes. I know the. But he's the director. But. I just thought it was a really interesting intense film. <SEP> That's good. Intense I think is the word for it because three hours went by really fast. It was good. I looked at my watch only a few times which is a good thing. <SEP> Ate a lot of popcorn. But it put me in a really bad mood. I don't know why. Did it really? <SEP> We di-. There were three of us who went. We were just all really grouchy when it was over. So we decided that may be the mark of a good film. It made us think. And so. It made you think. <SEP> We were grouchy. We felt guilty for being. Maybe that was. But there are no answers. <SEP> I know. And we had nothing to do with it. That can make you crabby. We were not responsible. <SEP> But we still felt the thick blame for what had gone on. That's true. We could have. But it's. They sort of candy coated the western story for many years. <SEP> And when the truth. It always balances out one way or the other once you get the whole story. But. <SEP> Have you seen any other movies? Because you sound like you see a lot. <SEP> Righ-. I do. I'm just out of school. So I've seen a lot of mo-. Don't have a job. So I shouldn't go see movies all the time. There you go. <SEP> I rented a good movie called CINEMA PARADESO which is an Italian movie which is probably the best movie I've seen ever. <SEP> It was just wonderful. It's uh story about a little boy in a little Italian village. And he owns a. Or he works in a movie theater and it helps the projectionist. There's an old man who's the projectionist. And he befriends this old man. And then it just tells about their friendship that lasts through all these years. <SEP> And it's just. If you don't mind reading subtitles. I thought I had to kind of get beyond that. Those little. Reading the little words at the bottom of the screen. But I just laughed and cried. And I really loved it. I'll have to write that down. <SEP> That was a great one. And other than that I. I'll have to write that. Did you see TEXASVILLE? Are you into Larry McMurtry? <SEP> I hadn't. I had read THE LAST PICTURE SHOW. But that's out on video now. And I haven't seen it. But I was interested in reading TEXASVILLE before I saw the movie. <SEP> Did you like it? I read a lot of Larry McMurtry books. And TEXASVILLE is just like that. It's very peculiar circumstances and very peculiar things that people do with each other. <SEP> It's. And it's just sort of a.
sw3746.txt:What kind of hobbies do you have Lori? I guess I like to play golf. <SEP> And I also like to plant flowers and do some gardening and do arts and crafts. Where do you play golf in this area? We live pretty close to the Mesquite Golf Course. <SEP> We will play either out there or at Firewheel. That is usually where we play. But I have played different courses in the Dallas area. Do you ride or do you pull a cart when you play golf? <SEP> Both. Not at the same time. I was going to say that could be difficult. <SEP> Sometimes we ride. And sometimes we pull. We like to a lot of the times just walk for the exercise. But. I find that when I ride in a cart I play better. And I think it is cause I don't get as tired. I think that might be true. <SEP> I don't like pulling a cart on Firewell golf course because they want you to pull the cart on the path. I know. And that makes me so mad. <SEP> It is not going to do that much damage to the course but apparently they think differently. That is the reason I don't play over there. I like the course but I don't play over there because they don't allow you to pull a cart. <SEP> And I don't think a cart damages the turf. The reason why we play over there is because since we are a Garland resident they gave us a special deal where you can get ten rounds of golf for a hundred dollars. A hundred dollars. Cause it is half price what the normal green fees are. <SEP> So that is why we play over there. Cause we have got our card. I guess I could use a card too. I live very close to the Firewheel Golf Course. Do you? So you live in Garland then. I live in northwest Garland. Right up there near the golf course. <SEP> We are in south Garland. But next time you go check into it. They have. It is just like a bus card. And they just punch it. It has got one through ten on it. And every time you go they just punch it for you. In the last two years I have not played very much golf because I am involved in Boy Scouts. So I have children Boy Scout age. <SEP> You must have a son. I have two boys that are boy scout age. And so I am very active in Boy Scouts. So I would have to say that camping and hiking and canoeing and Boy Scouts is my hobby. <SEP> But I. That sounds like fun too. But my golf clubs will probably rust before I get to use them again. Because my boys are still right at the beginning age. And it is probably going to be six to eight years before they go to college. <SEP> You need to teach them how to play and take them out on the course with you. That's right. Lessons are expensive though. You can teach them. They would probably never make it then. Because I don't think. I only took lessons for golf when I was in college. <SEP> As a course for P E so I could graduate. <SEP> But that is the only time I think I have ever really taken golf lessons. And that was kind of a group scenario and not individual. <SEP>. I took one lesson one other time. Besides that I just try to make the club hit the ball. <SEP> I know what you mean. I don't want to play strike out. <SEP> But I have fun doing it. I have some good shots and some bad shots. It is just nice to get outdoors and do something. So you said you work in the gardens too. Do you have special flowers? <SEP> Flower gardens. I like to have. Matter of fact this past weekend I just got finished planting a bunch of tulips and daffodil bulbs. So those ought to be coming up around spring time. My wife had just put in a bunch of pansies. She put them in two months ago cause they are winter plants. <SEP> And they have been. We thought even with all the cold weather we have had they have been blooming just fine. They do great. I put mine in probably in November. That is when she did I think. <SEP> I think it was November. And I don't do anything to mine water them or anything. And they just. They do really good. And last year or the year before I had some out. And it froze. And the pansies looked terrible but they came back later. I didn't do anything to them. So they are good to plant in the winter time. They last for a long time then. So you can put them out in the spring too. But once it starts getting real hot then it just kills them cause they can't stand the hot weather. Do they survive longer if you plant them in the winter time? Will they make it through the summer sun? <SEP> They won't make it through the summer because it gets too hot. But they make it through probably winter and spring. So. I have got some of those too. Cause I love flowers. That is good. <SEP> And I try to do some arts and crafts. And I love to go.
sw3070.txt:Does your family normally have a reunion? Do you have one. That's been. <SEP> On my father's side we've really there. On my mother's side we've had several. It's not really on a regular basis. <SEP> But usually sometimes every few summers. All the family lives in once place except for a few of us are scattered about. So they're pretty much just reunited always. <SEP> So it's just once in a while we get the special gathering with everyone together. It might be a good time for you to start a tradition. I know. That's. You could be responsible for that yourself. <SEP> Do that. That's true. How about your family? In my family last October was the forty fifth annual reunion. <SEP> You're a pro at this. The first Sunday in October the Jordan family gets together. <SEP> That's good. And all of the descendants of the Civil War veterans come together. And they come as far away from California. And there's usually between a hundred and fifty and two hundred and fifty people. And then where do you meet? There's a big community hall in Vernon Texas. <SEP> And that seems to be sort of a middle ground for all of the Texas family. Do you have relatives in Vernon then? <SEP>. A lot of the older family lives in Vernon. All of his direct descendants have now died. And the grandchildren are in their seventies and eighties. <SEP> So we're talking about second and third great children here. I took them up until this year. They're grown and gone from home now. <SEP> So they take their family. But let's see. That would make them grandfather great grandfather great great grandfather. So it would be the second great grandchild. And so they. <SEP> So this town hall that you meet in is that like a. It's a community hall. It's a great big open building that has a wonderful kitchen it in. And you just bring the covered dishes. Every family brings a dish of some kind. And you get all the wonderful old family recipes that have been handed down for years. <SEP> Potato salad and. We try to stay away from those things which might have salmonella in them. <SEP> That's good. And we choose to bring congealed salad. You can bring a congealed vegetable salad as opposed to potato salad. And most of us are very conscious of sanitation aspects whatever you've got to carry for any distance. <SEP> I always take home baked bread. <SEP> That's nice. That happens to be my specialty for that family. I do other things very well. But there are others in the family who do them better. <SEP> Do they always have the one person in the family who everyone thinks they know how to make this the best so that's what they get to cook. That's good. I had a professor in anthropology at school who studied family reunions. So I learned a lot about them. I haven't been to a lot. <SEP> But we talked a lot about the rituals. You all equated the family reunions as with the Protestant. <SEP> It was the Protestant version of the Catholic pilgrimage. It was an interesting theory. She talked about the Catholics. It's all family centered anyway. So you usually are living where your parents live. And it's all. You don't have to come home. So the Catholics would make a pilgrimage in older Europe. But when the Protestant ethic happened in America there were people who ever went out and went away from the family to seek their fortune and then had to come back home for their reunion so that became their version of the pilgrimage. <SEP> But she had. It was interesting. I don't know how valid it is. But she talked about that and how the big picnic table was the symbolic communion of the people gathering together and about the bread and the ritual placement. Do you have a certain way that everything is placed out on the table every year? Is there kind of a. Salads go first and things like that? It's. We have kind of a core group that serves as quote officers of the organization. <SEP> And they plan the reunions. The organize who is going to see to it that the coffee pot gets there who's going to rent the tables who's going to see to it that the silverware gets turned back to the caterer. And each year it's done a little bit differently because different people serve in those roles. That's pretty. We have a biographer who continues every year to save clippings on any family member. And they're entered into a wonderful scrap book. And pictures of new babies and new people who have been added and and obituaries to those who are gone. And it keeps the family alive even though it's very fluid. <SEP> Sure does. That's wonderful. And they're very dedicated to that. And it's been really wonderful. It helps you hang onto your roots. I wish we'd. And it helps you feel a strong sense of belonging. My husband on the other hand was not very close to his family. His family was very scattered and very diverse. <SEP> And I got to talking to him. I said how is his nephew doing. `` I don't know. I haven't talked to my brother in three years. ''. I said `` how's your brother doing? ''. `` I don't know. ''. My son keeps in touch with him. But I don't. <SEP> I said `` wouldn't you like to know what's happening with these people? ''. But I'm. It's too much trouble. ''. So I got busy got together and put a reunion together for his family. And succeeded in getting all of his brothers and sisters and all of their offspring but one to our place down at Lake Tawakoni. You're just. <SEP> That's incredible. Liked to kill me because I didn't have that group cooperation. I did it by myself. And nobody brought covered dishes. We had a great big fish fry. And I fixed a salad in a number three tub. <SEP> And it was an enormous task to bring all of those people together with just one or two people helping. And we had to provide sleeping arrangements for all of them. And I told him. Have you done this repetitively or just once? We did it that year. And then the following summer we did not have all of the family there. We sent invitations. We said `` let us know if you're coming. ''. It was when his step father had died the year before. <SEP> And it. His mother was alone and so they came to support her. And then one by one he began to lose family members. That's. We had a problem with that. And it was difficult to hold them together. And then of course he died two years ago. So that family has gone down to one brother and one sister now. <SEP> And it. I think that's what happens when they get scattered. The family unit falls into disrepair. That was our problem. <SEP> The first major reunion was probably six or seven years ago. And then the second reunion people who maybe had sacrificed things to come to the first one thought it's not that big a thing this year. <SEP> And so it kind of wound down. And then finally you get the Shreveport relatives there but no one else. So that. Those people who are at that core group manage to keep the vigor alive. They'll send out news bulletins. Two or three times a year you'll get a news bull-. Guess who got elected to the legislature. Or guess who our local sheriff.
sw3011.txt:You live in Dallas? I live in Dallas. I understand that the real estate market out there has really gone crazy up and down up and down. <SEP> I think right now it's kind of bad. I don't live in a house. I live in an apartment. Are you in a house? <SEP> We have a single family home in northern Virginia just outside of Washington. I guess the best I can do is compare apartments. <SEP> If it can compare the one that I have now with the one that I had the last time the one that I have now has a lot more amenities than the one that I moved out of. This one gave us free cable and ceiling fans. And it was practically new when I moved in here. And the carpet was new. And. Do you live in the high-rise? <SEP> It's not a high-rise. It's just a two story building. But there are a lot of buildings. But it's just two stories. On the second floor they don't have a patio. But they have a sunroom instead of the patio. On the first floor where I am there's a patio. So you have one floor all to yourself? <SEP>. The rooms are nice and large. And let's see I have two bedrooms. And. That's nice. Do you get your own washer dryer? <SEP> I have a washer and dryer area. And I did buy the washer and dryer. But they didn't provide it. The one that I moved from didn't have a place to put them. And that's one of the reasons that I did move. That is nice. <SEP> Get tired of dragging clothes to the laundromat. <SEP> Tell me ab-. I've always been pretty lucky. The real estate out here's been pretty good. The prices came down last year. We had sort of a Dallas syndrome. The past year and a half prices have gone down which is totally new for northern Virginia. <SEP> It's a real good. It just never happened before. So it's really surprising everybody. All the developers don't know what to do. <SEP> It's a good time to buy if you're in the market. Unfortunate-. We actually have our house on the market because we have two kids. <SEP> And we have a three bedroom house. And it's pretty much filled up right now. So you want a bigger one. Get an extra bedroom or a basement. Right now it's just a single level rambler. <SEP> One thing about the houses in Dallas they don't utilize basements the way they did in New York. My parents in New York had a three family house. <SEP> Actual a. Two family house where the downstairs and the second floor they had. And then they rented the third floor with the whole apartment. <SEP> And they had a basement. And they finished the basement. And they were able to rent that out also. But in Dallas I just haven't seen basements in houses. <SEP> And I've looked at a lot of them. A friend of mine was thinking about coming down there. And that's what he said was that it just wasn't something that people had down there. It's a-. They put pools and garages on but no basements. <SEP> I have yet to see a basement in a house. <SEP> And. Maybe it's all the sand. Is there a lot of sand in. I always think it's like a desert. I don't know. Dallas always. I don't see that kind of sand here. There are some areas though where they have a problem with the houses kind of sinking a little bit to the. <SEP> Or the foundation is sinking or something. Just a little bit some more than others. But you have to know the right spot to pick where that doesn't happen. <SEP> And. Out here we live in what used to be a prairie or whatever a natural grasslands. And they. It's just you go down four inches. And fourteen inches you get to sandstone. <SEP> And so any place where they put a basement in they had to blast. I see. It's just solid sandstone. <SEP> Where did you say you're at Colorado? Virginia. Virginia. Virginia. That's right. It's sort of unusual really. Most of Virginia is clay. <SEP> Anywhere near Virginia Beach? My folks used to live there. Back before I was born they lived there. <SEP> Different areas in Dallas have different kind. In Texas I'll say. Because down in east Texas there's a lot of red clay. And in the Dallas Fort Worth city areas you don't see that. Texas is a big state. So I imagine the type of houses and things like that are truly different from area to area. <SEP> But that's the same way out here. Because for example we live fifteen miles from the beltway that surrounds Washington. And anything instead the highway the real estate's forty thousand dollars more expensive. <SEP> So I could never afford a house inside the beltway. That's why we came out here. This is called the country with only maybe twenty miles total from D C twenty-five from the city. But it's considered the country since it's that far out. <SEP> But. We live out by Dulles Airport. I see. And that's one of the few places still in northern Virginia. They have trailer parks that are down around the corner from here. And it's still pretty rural. <SEP> Not too much of northern Virginia is like that anymore. Land has gotten so expensive. They just can't afford to have low income housing like that. Is your house in an area by itself? We're in a development. <SEP> It's not connected to another one? There's. There's another one a quarter acre away rather. <SEP> But they're not connected are they? You have to stay in one single family home. I sort of got spoiled with that when I was growing up. My folks had an apartment for a while when we were kids. But for the most part they always had. And Pennsylvania always had a single family home. And so as soon as we could we got a single family home. <SEP> And that's all I ever knew growing up. So. I stayed in a townhouse for two years and then saved up enough money to get a.
sw3425.txt:My name is Donna. And I'm calling from Plano Texas. I'm Jay in Dallas. I find exercise kind of a task I guess I'd say. I go to aerobics two days a week. But I also have three kids at home. So they keep me pretty busy. <SEP> That keeps you plenty of exercise. That gives me plenty of exercise. But I enjoy walking outside and bicycling once in a while with the family. Excuse me. That's fine. And yourself. I have. I walked and run almost every morning. I've sort of stopped here with the weather change. But it's about a thirty minute exercise every morning. Every morning. My husband swims every day at lunch which he loves doing. <SEP> That would. That's fantastic exercise. He does it every day like a ritual. Once in a while or if he has a business meeting or if someone invites him to lunch he'll not go. But he goes every day. And then he's a runner too. He runs three mornings a week. He gets up about five and does his deal. And some days he doesn't. But then maybe he'll catch up on the weekend and go for a run. <SEP> And we. I'd rather get a bicycle. But I had an exercise bike in the house but didn't seem to use it enough. So somebody sold it in a garage sale. But I'd like to get a bike and just do biking outside. <SEP> The bicycling is nice especially with the weather around here. And I know my husband and I both do it to just keep the pounds off. We're getting up in age in our late thirties. So we need to keep exercising just to be able to. <SEP> It keeps going. Because I'm fifty-five. And it just gets worse. You still want to eat. But you just. I know. I think you feel better too if you get on some program like that. But. I go to this aerobics class two mornings a week. And I take my three year old with me. There's a nursery there. And it's kind of another day out for her to have little friends. <SEP> And I enjoy the socialization of it. Getting to see the same women every morning. But there are some parts during that exercise that I think I can not do another second of this. <SEP> I know some of it is so tough. It is. <SEP> And especially when somebody's planning lunch for you and they know what's good for you. I think when we do it ourselves. We take the easy way sometimes. That's true. That's true. So. <SEP> Thank you for calling. Thank you for participating. <SEP> Thank you.
sw3450.txt:Guess it's logical to ask do you exercise any? Unfortunately very little. Much less than what I need to. I'm about the same way. I do a little bit. My job kind of hinders me from exercising. I'm a night operator here at a industry down here. And I don't really get out a lot to exercise. <SEP> I am an assistant teacher in business technology. And I think the most exercise I've gotten in the last three to four month is jumping up and down to go answer the kids' questions. It keeps me pretty busy. But it's not really the kind of exercise that gets your heart rate going. And it really. Exercise is so important. It is. <SEP> And I realize that. That's the way I feel. I'm used to being in pretty good shape because when I was in high school I stayed in pretty good shape played a little basketball and stuff like that. But I've got. Now I'm in college. And I go to school during the day and work at night. I can tell that I've not really done a whole lot. When you exercise what do you do? Do you do it at home or a club. Or. I usually play at home. We live out in the country. So me and my brother play basketball and have a bunch of guys come over and play. Or a lot of times we're up at the church. We'll play volleyball. Stuff like that. <SEP> I got a hold of Richard Simmons' tape. Really? What is it. I can't even think of the name of it right offhand with the oldies. The SWEATING TO THE OLDIES? <SEP> Sweating to the oldies. And that's not bad. That's pretty upbeat. So every once in a while I'll put the cassette in and go with it. <SEP> Not often enough to have a routine. I'll. My little Schnauzer wishes I would get out and walk with her. <SEP> But I don't know. By the time I get home all I want to do is just collapse or sit down at my computer. And my fingers exercise more than anything now. That's the way I am. I just want to sit down and relax. Too tired to exercise. I did. Do you ever ride a bike or anything like that? I started riding my bike about a couple of months ago. And I'd ride about two or three miles a day. But it would last about a couple of weeks. And it got real cold for a little while. So I gave it up. <SEP> Here about the most common exercise for people is to go to the malls and walk. Walk around. Because they're enclosed. And no matter what the weather is they can walk at a pretty good clip and not have to worry about the weather summer or winter. <SEP> I've noticed people doing that down here too. I'll be in town or something. And people will walk around the mall. And it's safe. It is fairly safe. <SEP> That's inside the mall. May be not safe going to the parking garage. Certain parts of it. I know a doctor once told me it. A friend of mine suggested swimming as being the best exercise there is. <SEP> I used to do a lot of swimming. We have a swimming pool. But it's an old concrete pool. We've been having trouble with it the past few years. So we haven't got to use it much. But I love to swim and water ski and stuff like that. The swimming uses more muscles than any other exercise with. And the water takes the resistance. <SEP> And you don't get the soreness. I've done some water exercises. But our pool is not heated. So it's. You can't do it year round. Summertime only. That's the way ours is. <SEP> You don't when it's twenty some odd degrees go out to the swimming pool. It's too cold. <SEP> Hot tubs are not too bad. But. I could deal with a hot tub. Those are nice. What part of Mississippi are you from? I'm from Laurel. <SEP> Whereabouts is that? That's way down towards the south. Not quite on the coast. But we're about two hours from the coast. And you do have cold weather down there? Ma'am. It started about yesterday I believe. It started raining and got real cold. <SEP> Ours started Thanksgiving. And from there just. Today was pretty. But Sunday the snow and ice came in. <SEP> And there was no exercise.
sw3398.txt:. <SEP> My name is Donna Donahue. And I live in Plano Texas. My name is Lowell. And I live in Raleigh North Carolina. Do you want to start. Or should I start? Go right ahead. <SEP> I would say that our home is a very typical home for the area that we live in. We have three children. And they attend the public school here and are very active in a lot of the sports soccer and baseball. And my little girl goes to tap dance. And my little one goes to preschool. And I'm home with the children just do a lot of running around. It seems like a lot of my neighbors kind of have a similar type life. What about you? I'm single. And I live in a town home here in Raleigh. And it's pretty typical of the other town homes in the area. <SEP>. We have a lot of town homes here as well as single family homes. <SEP> And at the time that I bought this one it was just a much better arrangement for me personally. I'm not home a lot. I travel a great deal with my job. So it was easier to have a home that somebody else looks out for the maintenance. <SEP> Was sort of maintenance free. <SEP> That sounds pretty good for. I know my husband takes an awful lot of time on the weekends to maintain the lawn and the edging and the flower beds. And it's a lot of work owning a home with a little bit of property attached to it. It's. It certainly is. Sometimes I think it would be nice to have a town home with not having all that responsibility. If you ever get one be sure the walls are good and thick because if they're not you can hear. That's the main thing when I was shopping for one. I wanted to make sure I couldn't hear my neighbors. And that was. <SEP> So I bought one that's more like living in a. Once you're inside you don't know you're in a town home. That sounds lovely. It is. They're kind of built on a catty-cornered instead of side by side. <SEP> So you don't actually hear anybody next door to you. So in your area then there's probably a lot of career type people that have those type homes. And. Definitely. <SEP> And the area that we're settled in is definitely young families with kids. They're still doing a lot of building in the neighborhood. So the people that move here seem to move from all over the country which we're from the northeast. And seems like a people just don't or also don't have any family around. So it also gives you a common bond when you don't have a lot of relatives visiting your neighbors. But. We also in this area seem to have a lot of retirees people who don't want the heat of Florida but don't want the cold of the northeast. So they settle sort of in-between. <SEP>. Is it very wooded around where you are. There lots of pretty trees and. <SEP> As a matter of fact this particular community that I live in is very wooded. How pretty. It is nice. <SEP> I do miss that. Around here in Plano there are very few trees. And it's pretty flat and kind of barren. And that's the only thing that we don't like about living in Texas is we miss all the beautiful trees and the Fall. And the landscape is much different here in Texas than it is in the north. Or even where you are. We definitely have a lot of trees here. A lot of leaves to rake up too. But fortunately the home owner's association does all that. <SEP> Does that. That's another plus. I don't have to worry about that. And this is the time of year we're starting to lose. They're all falling now. That's right. That's right. They are. I'm going to get the kids to get outside with the other neighbor kids and do the little bit of raking that needs to be done. We just have a few trees in the front and a few in the back but not much. Just a little kind of just in more of a make a little bit of a mess for a few weeks. And if you didn't do anything about it then they'd probably the leaves just blow away. <SEP> It's not too bad. Do we have to speak for a certain amount of time? I don't think so. It was really nice speaking to you. It was good to speak with you too. <SEP> And have a happy Thanksgiving. Thank you. You too.
sw3303.txt:You want to go ahead and tell me your favorite team or who you think will be doing well this year. Where I'm from the Atlantic coast conference is a very big conference. And course we have Duke University that was the national champions last year. So I'm kind of hoping that they'll repeat again this year. They have a lot of the same players back. Is this the N B A? <SEP> This is college basketball. This is College. <SEP> We have Carolina and Duke and Georgia Tech and N C State teams that are normally ranked in the top twenty. So hopefully we'll have a good year. I don't really follow the N B A very closely. And that's probably all I saw. We have moved in the last couple years from Utah to Texas. And there's so many colleges and universities in Texas we haven't really followed them too much. And none of them are our alma mater. So that seems to help. <SEP> Do you like professional basketball? I follow it especially around the playoffs. So course I was real familiar with the Utah Jazz. And the Mailman or Karl Malone was pretty big thing. And the Lakers have always been amazing to watch. I did keep track a little bit of the Mavericks. They've not had any good seasons for a long time and have a lot of problems with Tarpley. <SEP> And maybe now that that's over they'll come out of it. But. That's an up and coming team though. I hope they do something. They need to. Or they're not going to have any of the team left at all. <SEP> That's somebody you can get behind and be patient. Kind of like the Cowboys I guess. <SEP> They seem to be kind of not having a very good few seasons. They coming out of it this year. We'll see if it's held on. But I think Chicago will probably with the N B A again. The Bulls? <SEP>. They'll probably be pretty good. Course the Celtics are always really good too with their players. That's true. Be interesting to see how the Olympics does this year with all the N B A players playing on the Olympic team. <SEP> That's true. It will be interesting. It will certainly be different. I don't know how close I'll follow them though. <SEP> And the season hasn't started yet. I'm usually more the end of the season person. And we need to talk about baseball. And so. <SEP> My Atlanta Braves. I really do. The basketball season's supposed to start in the next couple of weeks. It's. <SEP> It's a long season. It is it is. And that's why I've. I guess my mind went blank. It's like last season was so long ago. And I haven't really even started thinking about basketball yet. So. But this wasn't a good subject. But We'll see how our predictions come true. <SEP> It's a little early. We definitely will. It's good talking to you. <SEP> Good to talk to you.
sw2445.txt:I don't know. Do you do a lot of camping? My husband and I haven't done a whole lot of camping. But we bought a van last year. <SEP> And we were hoping to do some camping in the van. We did go camping in Oklahoma. Last year we camped in a tent. And there were two other couples with us. And there was uh state park. So. And it was really nice. Up here some of the state parks are really nice. And some of them aren't. Some of them are pretty rough. <SEP> They just have outhouses. They don't have a shower room or anything. But some of them are really nice. They have showers and full bathrooms. But I don't know. I've been camping a couple times. But I'm not a real avid camper. A lot of people I know are. But I don't. <SEP> I don't like really camping in the rough. I like the little necessities like having electricity available and running water and showers and things like that. We went once to a lean-to. And it. There wasn't any electricity on the camp site. But it was all right. We only spent two nights there. I wouldn't want to spend more than two nights. I wouldn't want to go for a week. But two nights is good. That would be much. Especially there was a little store close by. So it was pretty nice. <SEP> The campsite that we went to was an area that. It's right on a big lake. And there's a lot of boating out there. And we went up there to hopefully be able to get on the water a little bit. But it was still too cold. It was pretty early in the year. Up here you got to wait until August until the water warms up. <SEP> It's not that bad. But it's still pretty chilly. I don't know. I have a tent. And I fluff out in it in the backyard and stuff. But this thing about camping that bothers me is you've got to pack everything. And another thing is the thing seems to get. It's dirty. So you can't keep the dirt out of the tent. I don't know. We have a seven year old. It's pretty funny. Stay out. <SEP> We have a dog. And that's just about as bad as a kid. He doesn't go in and out of the tent a hundred times. And use it as a play. They like to play in them. <SEP> I don't know how you can really keep the inside of a tent clean. I don't know. Other than taking your shoes off right before you walk in or something and sweeping it out everyday it's really hard to keep the sand and dirt out of it. What we were doing we were just going to say we're just going to sleep in the tent and hang out at night no going in and out or what he wants to do. Was play in the tent. It was this is not working. You can't do that. You get the tent all dirty. <SEP> Did. Plus you get it all wet. We were at a beach site too. Did you have a big tent looks like a sitting area type like a two room type? But I was just thinking of getting one those for the yard because they are really nice. And up here we have quite a few mosquitoes at nighttime. <SEP> We don't really have a problem with that in these areas. And in Oklahoma when we camped I really didn't notice a problem with bugs. And I noticed that. I know that I said that's. I've lived back east before they. They're terrible. They're really terrible. But there's this one campsite that it. Just some of them are known. But there is one that's out in this big lake. And its mosquitoes are terrible. And then there's this other one that's more up in the mountains. But it surrounds a man-made reservoir. And there's no bugs. That's the whole thing that everyone told me. I was going to go to Little River State Park. That place is great. There's no bugs. But. Because we were having a really big problem up here in certain areas. We were really affected bad by it but really got it. Almost destroyed the tourism in one town because of the mosquitoes. They're so bad. <SEP> It's a really nice area. I've been there before. And it's. I couldn't imagine living just sixty miles north of them. But they were plagued with mosquitoes. And you can go outside in the daytime all right. But the minute the sun sets the mosquitoes come out. Just the very second. It's really strange. They must work on that. It gets cooler when the sun sets. And then they all come out. <SEP> Have you ever taken any of those lights. Have you ever used those? I never really noticed how effective they were. But because that wasn't really. I bought them. I really didn't get to use them like there's mosquitoes let's turn them. We just sort of lit them. And we weren't bothered that much by mosquitoes. So we didn't really contribute it to that. But I think in an area that's really thick with mosquitoes. I can't see all this little smoke buckets. <SEP> They work. But they're suppose to work really well. I'm in my paperwork here. That's what I do when I wait for a phone call. I get in my paperwork. To find my most important parts. But I don't know if I'm going to go. I wish was an avid camper. And I could really talk about gardening or something. You can talk about that a lot. <SEP> But I do want to go again. We just moved into a house. So I don't think camping. Maybe in the backyard. But I don't see going on a camping trip probably until next summer. I'd like to go camping cross-country. I just got married less than two years ago. So we don't have any children yet. So it's easy for you to go. <SEP> Easy to pick up and go and s-. We have a van. And we can just throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back of it. It's not really camping the way most people picture camping in the tent. But. I don't know. But that sounds my kind of camping it really does. That is to have a nice vehicle where you can have everything in it plus your tent. <SEP> Or get. My brother has a real nice pop-up. And he just tows it behind his truck. <SEP> And he's got three kids. So his kids will sleep in the truck in the back of the bed. And they sleep in the pop-up. Those they're kind of nice. But they're also flimsy when you really look at them. But when you get inside they're really nice. Everything's really. But then when you look underneath them it's just got these little wheels and this little axle. It's. And then a big windstorm it would pick you up. <SEP> He did have a problem when he went camping last year in Beavers Bend Oklahoma. A storm came in. And it started raining really heavy. And everybody was trying to flee the campsite. Everybody was getting stuck in the mud. And. What do you do when you get a really violent storm like a tornado. Just stay in your truck. I wouldn't stay in the. <SEP> Theirs was so bad. And they were so close to the water that the water was coming up. And they had to get out of there. Then were they successful? <SEP> They were. But it took them a little while? But. They decided that that was enough camping for the weekend. Did they get stuck? <SEP> They ended up getting out. They ended up helping several other people though that were stuck. So they evacuated it. The whole campsite was evacuated. <SEP> I think some people that had fairly sturdy vehicles or whatever if they had a Winnebago or something and they were farther in away from the water I think they stayed. But everybody that was real close to the water ended up. It was either that or their truck was going to go floating downstream. I know I like to get right on the water. By the campsite it's so. <SEP> We have lean-tos up here. I really like them. Like I say they're just kind of more sturdy than anything. Just. They have them right at the campsites? They're lean-tos. They're pretty nice. <SEP> It's like a little house except the whole face is open. And the one time that we got one. It was overlooking the water. But it was a big embankment. I wanted to get one right on the water. We had an electrical storm too. And it was neat sitting there watching it. It was raining. When we called home everybody said we were worried about you in that storm.
sw2526.txt:What kind of car are you thinking about buying next? What do we currently have. I have a Subaru G O X T. What year? <SEP> Eighty-eight. I have a ninety Honda Civic. And I'm ready to get rid of it. Actually. It's not pretty old. I had an eighty-eight that I really liked. And it got wrecked. And so I bought a ninety because I really liked my eighty-eight. And I've had a lot of problems with this one. So. <SEP> You think their quality control's going down over there kind of? You. It's kind of funny. I know a lot. I think we're going to see that the quality that the Japan carmakers had is slipping a little bit while American carmakers are trying to get their put together. <SEP> So. It's true. It's definitely true because. <SEP> But that's one reason. I've had no problems with my Subaru. That's one reason I went with it because Subaru had a good reputation for low maintenance. So. Honda does too that's why I was really. There's no question. But you have a nineteen. I've got to see if. I've seen and I've had friends that have eighty-one or eighty Celicas. <SEP> And those things just keep ticking. They can rack up a hundred fifty K on them. That's true. <SEP> And they're still beating on them. That's true. And it's just amazing. And then they got. And they're not making them like that now. <SEP> Not at all. But they're still definitely better than the American carmaker system. I definitely agree with you there because I had uh Ford T Bird before I got my Honda. And it was the worst car I've ever owned. <SEP> And that's why I was so tickled with my Honda. It was just a wonderful car. And then it got wrecked. And I wouldn't even look at another car. I just went and bought a Honda I didn't look around or anything I just said that this is what I want. And I really have had a lot of problems with it. But I don't know. <SEP> Maybe you need to unload it on somebody el-. I'll probably hold on to it since it's still under warranty. But in the first twelve months that I owned it it was in the shop an average of about once a month. It was in the shop about twelve times the first twelve months. That's a lot. It was. I was really disappointed because I was so hyped up on Honda. So. <SEP>. Anyway. So what's your next purchase supposed to be? I know this. <SEP> If you had a choice of your car what would you get? This is going to sound really strange. But I really like to have a Mazda M P V van. I really like those. And I have kids. So. I'm not sure I'm real familiar with the body style on that. They're a lot. I don't like the new style of the Toyota van and the new Chevy Lumina van. <SEP>. I don't like those styles the M P V is more just normal. I don't know how to explain more of an old fashioned type. I'm not sure how to explain it. <SEP> It looks kind of like the Chevy Aerostar or Arrow. What. Astro is what it something like that. <SEP> But I used to really like the looks of the M P V because it looks more like a mini van rather than. Do you have a family? I have a couple kids. <SEP> That's probably influenced maybe a little bit. But I know that it's got to have a radio it's got to have air conditioning. I'm sure you can relate to air conditioning. Living in Arizona. And cruise control and tinted windows that's about it. It's got to have those things otherwise I don't care. <SEP> When I bought my car it was right out of college. And I always been looking for something sporty. And I ended up getting basically something that I could afford. The only gripe I have is performance. I probably. A few girls that I've gone out with've had Mazda R X sevens and stuff. And they're pretty fun to drive. So I think that's what I'm going to have to get next time around I keep holding off. <SEP> And then I could upgrade now if I wanted to. But I. It's just such a huge expense. And I'm just going to keep holding off. But I'm definitely going to look for something in the nice perpor-. Sports car. <SEP> I'd like to have a sports car too. But it's not practical for me. But. I'm in. Are you still there? There's some kind of problems. <SEP> Are you still there? This is. Something's wrong. <SEP> Wonder what happened. I don't know. It sounds funny though doesn't it? But I'll probably. <SEP> It just depends. I know that's what I want. But I don't know if I'll get myself to spend that kind of money. For a new R X seven or a Supra or something. You're looking at twenty-five K or something that. At least. And so but my ultimate car though the one that I really want is uh five sixty or so Mercedes. I know new cars aren't cheap anyway. <SEP> But. So. <SEP> Maybe someday. We all have those kind of dreams too don't we? What I'd really like to have. <SEP> That's the only one that I. Early on it says you there? This is strange. I think something's wrong with this. <SEP> I hope it's recording. I hope it's not my. You there? <SEP> It may be my phone. It's the only car that says sporty and class. So. You're right. Kind of what I'm. But it's. At the other one my brother's got a Miata. And those are fun. Those are nice. <SEP> And. They're cute cars. He had a red Miata. <SEP> And he actually. They came out with a European racing green Miata that's a limited edition. They're only going to make three or four thousand. So he went out. And he traded the other one in and got this one. I haven't seen those. <SEP> And I'm but I haven't seen one yet either. But supposedly they have some real wood built in to the clutch and all this and the steering wheel. So it's very authentic. And there only is supposed to be limited edition so it may be a good investment. If it. <SEP> No matter what it is if it's a limited edition it's usually worth something later on. But I think. <SEP> I got off my pace or my cordless phone anyway hope it's not going bad. It's going to bump me out. But I think he only spent the low twentys. So I don't know. <SEP> I would have never figured that I would have figured that to be a lot more than that for something that's limited edition. I don't know. I think the demand's gone all down a little bit. I think you can. The prices aren't as high. And the Miata was first introduced. And they weren't really that bad though when they were introduced were they? <SEP> Wh-. The demand is so high that they were going to retail them around thirteen standard. And you get your options you're looking at fifteen. That's true. <SEP> But people were buying them for nineteen and twenty. And they may have gone down a little bit. <SEP> But I. They're still pretty much in demand. I think there's another car coming in. It's supposed to come out and compete with that Miata. And I can't remember what I read about that. But so that's. I would think somebody would try to compete with that because it is very popular. So. It really is. <SEP> But. Have you seen the new Dodge Stealth? the real nice one. <SEP> And the Mitsubishi three thousand G T is the same. <SEP> The Mitsubishi is real nice looking too. That's the same manufacturer. Those are nice. <SEP> So they just market them. <SEP> But. Those are supposed to be very performance power there is big time. The expensive ones they have a cheaper model too that you can get for about seventeen thousand. But those are pretty stripped. And there's nothing. There's really. That one's just more for looks. It doesn't have really the performance that the expensive one does. <SEP> But I've seen one of those. And it's not that great because they really. I think they're only around twenty-nine K. The-. They have better. It's not quite as nice for a little bit less. <SEP> They're not really that bad. But I don't know. Like I said it's still not practical for me. I have a hard time looking at cars like that because I think there's no way I can do that. I'm being single. And no other responsibilities for yourself I've been pretty happy. <SEP> I haven't tried to upgrade myself right now. I could get something nice and upgrade. But I'm consulting right now. So. I just made my first job hop about eight months ago. So.
sw3081.txt:I guess if I was having a dinner party depending on the number of people I might cook a brisket or a roast or maybe a chicken dish. And I guess I usually plan probably a lettuce salad and a potato dish. And we usually serve fresh fruit and then make a dessert. <SEP> That sounds good. So that makes. We're not real wealthy at the moment. Last time I had people over for dinner we had lasagna. And I used my mother's recipe. I really like it. It's got. You cook the noodles and brown hamburger and put tomato sauce in with it. And I'm not sure she even puts. Must be some Italian spices in there. I can't remember. But for the cheese part you mix sour cream and cream cheese and cottage cheese and layer all that. That sounds good. <SEP> It's good. That sounds good. And then tossed salad and. Diane get down from there. And let's see. What else did I serve with that. Bread do you have bread to go with it? <SEP> Corn. I made French bread with that one too. I have a recipe that's pretty good for that. So. Lasagna's always wonderful for large crowds. <SEP> I've heard a lot of people say the short cut on the cooking for lasagna. They've told me that they go to Sam's and buy a great big pan of lasagna. I've heard that Sam's has a really good lasagna. <SEP> In fact I think I had it at a party once. Did you? It was good. I know people that have served it. And they say if you have company coming when you don't want to be always in the kitchen it's easy. <SEP> Easy. And they said it's good. So that always sounds good to me. <SEP> I feel like I'm in the kitchen cooking a lot. I know. Seems like I cook a lot of dinners not always for company just for family. <SEP> So feels like I'm often in the kitchen. Not my favorite place but. A necessity. But a time consuming place. <SEP> So. Let's see. What else do we like to have for. Trying to think what else I like to serve. My mother likes to serve taco grandes. Have you ever had that? I don't know. <SEP> What that is. I don't know what that is. You take a flour tortilla. And you fry it like a taco shell. <SEP> And you. For all the inside parts you brown hamburger and put some tomato sauce in it. And I like to just add picante sauce to get the Mexican flavor. So you don't have to mess with spices and stuff. <SEP> And then let's see. And you heat up refried beans. And you cut up tomatoes and lettuce and grated cheese. And what you do to make it you take the shell and you spread the beans on first. Then you put the meat. Then you put the grated cheese. And then you put. Let's see what's next. Then I usually put the cut up tomatoes next and then the lettuce. And you can put guacamole and. Katy I'm on the phone. Get a towel or go change. I'm on the phone. A little sour cream is good and chopped olives. <SEP> Do you like to make your own guacamole? We don't make it very often I guess. But. <SEP> I don't very often. Usually when we get avocados my kids just like to eat them plain. Do they? <SEP> I just cut slices off. And. I like an avocado sandwich too. That's good. That's good. Or it's always good on top of something in the sandwich. <SEP> I made guacamole that I would take to a pool party across the street the other day. And everyone there said they never made guacamole salad. What you want. Where do they get it? I don't know. I guess they don't have it at home. <SEP> I can't imagine it would stay fresh long enough to. I guess they just buy it at a restaurant when they eat it at a restaurant maybe. They just said they never had it at home. So I was concerned that taking this as a dip I thought sometimes when we have it at home it turns dark on the top so quickly. So I just. <SEP> It helps if you leave the pit in it. Does that help? If you leave the pit in the bowl with the thing especially while you're waiting before you serve it. <SEP> That's supposed to help keep it from turning brown so quick. I'll have to remember that. That day I just took extra lemon and just squeezed across the top. And it really stayed longer than I ever thought it would. So. <SEP> That's good. I thought maybe that was the trick. That probably helps too. So. I guess we bought a lot of. We've been buying turkey lately instead of beef. So. <SEP> Do you want it? Even though. We have too. The ground turkey the meat is softer. And I. Everybody seems to like it. <SEP> Do you want scrambled? So. Sometimes it seems to be cheaper too. So we often buy it. <SEP> We buy it. If you get it on sale. So we bought that. Or we bought the filets and then the chicken or turkey nuggets. And I don't think anybody in my house knows the difference unless you tell them. <SEP> Or in. <SEP> I don't think mine know either. In fact we've been getting lunch meat that's turkey too. It costs less than the other. I don't know. There's supposed to be something more healthy about it. Poultry instead of the beef and pork. Less cholesterol. <SEP>. I guess that's probably all we need to do for tonight. I can't think of any other specific things I like to serve. I always like dessert. <SEP> One salad that we always like my sister-in-law always brings to family dinners is a. I don't know what you call it. You mix cottage cheese and a package of jello and a thing of Cool Whip. That's good and quick and easy. That's always good. <SEP> Probably the only family recipe that we make is cheese cake. And we take a recipe from my grandmother. It's probably fairly typical cream cheese and egg and sugar and the insides of a.
sw2619.txt:What do you think about the metric system? Do you find it useable? Have you tried much with it? With an engineering degree of course it's a whole lot easier. <SEP> Because. To use you mean. <SEP> If if somebody is totally unfamiliar with it human nature being what it is we don't like to change. It just absolutely makes perfectly good sense to me because it's all decimal. <SEP> And it's so easy to convert from one set of units to another. We. I've lived both in the United States and in a country where they do use the metric system. So I've lived with pounds and inches and found it really quite easy to convert over. The secret seeming to me to be to not bother ever converting inches to centimeters and pounds to kilograms. <SEP> That's right. And I think that's what hung people up the most is they went wait a minute an inch is two point fifty-four centimeters. How on earth am I every going to do the math? <SEP> And the problem is that we tried to convert everything from inches to centimeters preserving basically the inches but expressing them as centimeters rather than saying a centimeter is about the width of your thumbnail or whatever and leaving it at that. And a kilogram weighs about this much. And get used to it from scratch. Cause I still can't convert back and forth from inches to centimeters. But I'm perfectly comfortable using either. And I think the real problem with this weird conversion you see signs that say fifty-five miles per hour and whatever it would be one hundred six kilometers per hour. People. It's hard to take it seriously. <SEP> And as long as both were given you basically just don't read the kilometers per hour. You just say read the miles per hour one. The other one must be for someone else. That's right. I don't know. Even Britain has converted over. And we inherited this mess from them. And. <SEP> That's right. It's all their fault. It's more our fault than theirs at this point because they saw the light. I don't know why they were more able than we were. Except I think that they probably just said we're just going to start using the things now. And you sort of have to force people to change since they don't want to. Of course being part of the European community if everybody else did it they were probably much more. Is much more necessary for them than for us. That's true. That's probably true. And America does have a long history of sort of doing things our own way rather than adopting some other model. <SEP> There's an expression for that. With eyes on the past backing confidently into the future. I've never heard that one. That's very nice. So I'm all for the metric system and converting over. And I think. I guess my feeling is the way to do it is to just start giving weights have a very brief transition period and then just start giving kilometers and weights and kilograms and everything like that and just have people start using it rather than having people constantly trying to convert. Remember me getting a package of something that said one pound. This is a package of dates. It was presumably something you weigh fairly precisely. It said one pound. And then in parenthesis it said four hundred fifty-four point six grams. And as near as I could tell seeing that was basically anti-metric propaganda. Cause anyone who would say I can either buy a pound of something at four hundred sixty-four point six grams which of course they couldn't weigh it out accurately anyway. Every time I see something like that I think that's an anti-metric argument. <SEP> I don't think it could ever happen with a quick transition. You don't? I think that would be the easiest way. But human nature being such as it is I would think it would take probably two or three years before people could completely cut the cord. <SEP> That's what I was thinking by quick transition. I didn't mean like Sweden going over to right hand drive or anything. At midnight tonight we all switch over or anything. Did they switch? I believe so. And I think they did it overnight. Cause you can't do it gradually. That's an example of something you can't do gradually. <SEP> That's true. It has to be kind of a discreet transaction. It does. A quantum leap from left to right hand drive. Interesting. And they. But that must have taken. That was something that had to be done quickly because of external circumstances. <SEP> But they decided to do it to make themselves in sync with the rest of continental Europe. But that must have been tremendously difficult to orchestrate. <SEP> I'm sure. So I think it's essential that it's done. And I think the real trick is to avoid the. A little more attention to human psychology. And whereas people want round numbers. And after all the whole reason to go over to metric is to have round numbers so they don't deal with thirty seconds of an inch. <SEP> And so what the exact. The thing that was best about metric was the thing that was most poorly represented. Really I think. We do have the two liter soda pop bottles. I saw that. I saw that the other day. I don't drink soda pop. <SEP> But I saw a two liter soda pop bottle. So. Things like that are a good start. And if you start expressing one liters and one kilograms and then the pounds come in the odd numbers two point two pounds or something. I think people will start getting a sense of the metric is the sensible one. <SEP> That's true. Sure have enjoyed our talk. Get back to what you're doing. And I'll do the same. I enjoyed talking with you too. God bless y-.
sw2749.txt:I don't have strong feelings about changes to be made in the jury system do you? Not at all. In fact I'm graduating from college in about a week. And this past semester I've taken two criminal justice classes and have discussed a lot on trials. Then you must know a lot more about this than I do. <SEP> I think the system right now is fine. I think it should be by a jury. I don't think the judge should have. He's just there kind of like the referee. I don't even think that it should be unanimous either. What about the idea that one is only guilty when proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt? I thought that was the point of a unanimous jury was the idea that if everyone agrees then there shouldn't be any reasonable doubt. <SEP>. But if there are some people who don't agree it seems to be there must be at least a reasonable doubt for some people. <SEP>. I don't know. I. You hear of course there's cases where someone has been put in prison falsely accused. But more than likely the people that are on the jury know what they're doing. You. Have you served on a jury? <SEP> Never. I never have either. But my few friends who have say just the opposite. They say they're remarkably incompetent. And don't know what they're doing and say one thing in the courtroom and then as soon as they get in the back room they just start letting all their prejudices hang out to air and all that. You would think that they would get that in the. When the prosecution and defense are choosing the jury you would think that those would come out. And I know they automatically. When you're chosen is you're automatically like a professor in criminal justice or something like that. That you're automatically. They don't want you on the jury. They don't want anyone with particular experience or knowledge of the legal system. <SEP> Exactly. And they tend. And since anyone can get out of it who basically says they don't want to do it. Anyone can get out of jury just about. So it's not really my peers that. Let's say I were arrested falsely or not and put up for a jury I wouldn't feel that I would be being tried by a jury of my peers. <SEP> I'd be tried by a jury of people who had nothing else to do and weren't very knowledgeable about certain sorts of things. And I don't know. I get a little bit nervous about it. And. <SEP> I've never even been called to jury duty. I was called once. But I was out of the country. And apparently they thought I served. So I didn't make any noise about it. I came back. And they said the record showed I served. But I was out of the country at the time. So I'm pretty sure I didn't. <SEP> I don't know. I guess there's a lot of problems with the legal system. I don't know. I definitely feel like we need to keep it at least unanimous. Because there's the classic sort of TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD kind of story where you get jury which can have all kinds of prejudices and things that a judge at least officially isn't supposed to have. Though of course they can too. <SEP> And it seems to me that if you could just have a simple majority or something you could pretty much browbeat the jury a majority of the jury. That's hard to say. So it's saying we don't like the way he looks. And let's throw the rascal in jail and stuff. <SEP> And you also get a lot of juries are extremely. And from what I hear. I have some friends who do expert witness testimony. And they say that juries are extremely vulnerable to sort of emotional pitches. The prosecutor will want to show the mugging victim show the nice person he was and what a family life and basically get the jury to be very sympathetic with the victim. Or if it's a corporation that was harming some individual or something like that they get very much. It's just a big faceless corporation. Let's make them pay as much as possible. Things like that. So not. I'm. The problem is I can't guarantee that a judge would necessarily be much better than a jury. But I'd be real nervous having a jury not at least fully agree on what the settlements would be things like that. <SEP> Ri-. I don't think the judge should just make the decision alone. <SEP> Least with the jury you have twelve people that are going to decide. You're the person's fate. How about having a jury and a judge work together on it somehow? I wonder if that's possible? I guess the judge's time is worth too much though. <SEP> Exac-. Judge. They pay those jury members very little money compared to that judge. He makes more money in an hour than all twelve of them put together. <SEP> Probably. But. It's sad though that the people though that. Somebody's life is in twelve people's hands. And sometimes those twelve people could care less. Or they fool the defense in thinking that they're. Because when they go through those processes they kind of pick out who they want. Of course. It's political maneuvering. The one side is looking for someone whose face they think will want to hang everyone. And the other one is going to look for someone very sympathetic. They're not looking for someone who's going to be the most reasoned or sensible or rational juror. Neither side wants that. They want to find a juror that's going to be most persuadable by their arguments. <SEP> I wish it were a little bit harder to not serve on juries actually. I know it's tricky. Because I know an awful lot of intelligent people who just. I'm too busy to serve on a jury. So I'll tell them that. And they just answer one of the questions the wrong way because you can do that. <SEP> They just say do you believe in such and such. I guess it's just that maybe people are upset at court. If it was a family member of theirs though that was innocent. Then they'd want to be on that jury. Course they would be barred. But. <SEP> But I think if everyone took it seriously. And something you have to do. It sounds like we both need to get out there and serve on a jury. <SEP> I hope we're called up before too long. I would love to be called. I'm ready to go. They just haven't called me up yet. They will eventually. <SEP> It was nice talking with you. It was nice talking to you. <SEP>
sw2314.txt:I don't think that it's wrong for a company to require drug testing for certain types of positions. For instance jobs that require use of heavy machinery and things like that where there's endangerment to their own life and other people's lives. I agree with that. People that are driving like truck drivers and things like that. <SEP> I definitely think they should be tested. And I'm not opposed to any testing. Because I know I certainly wouldn't want to be endangered by somebody in a company that accidentally dropped something on me or because he was on drugs while he was there. How do you feel about companies drug testing prior to hiring? <SEP> I was tested within my company. I think it's kind of a push to weed out drugs in states. Because I don't know of any other countries that are doing this. And I feel like it's really just within the United States. It's okay. I think your record should stand for itself. That if you've been tested at other companies and you've always come up negative or whatever then I don't see what the big deal is that they have to go to all the expense of testing you over and over and over. <SEP> And once you've established the fact that you're not a drug user and especially if your personality proves that you're not. I think they could save money by not doing that. Every time. If you change jobs you wouldn't have to do it if you'd just been tested at your other work place. What about random testing though. Do you feel like that's an invasion of certain people's rights if not everyone is tested? <SEP> Not if it's done fairly. And that's probably my question is how do you know it's done fairly. I don't know that you do. If it's random then it's random. And that's not necessarily fair. <SEP> They might tell you it's random. But then it's kind of like a lottery. Somebody in their lifetime may win millions of dollars where another person doesn't win anything and tries and tries and tries. <SEP> I know that for instance in the N C double A they drug test. And it's not random. I see. How do they pick their people? I think all college players have to do an initial drug test at a certain point prior to the season. <SEP> And from that point on the N C double A does have something to do with it. But it's almost discretionary on the coach's part of each individual institution to identify the ones that have the problem. I see. Do you. And the ones that test positive have to retest after a certain period of time. <SEP> Do you think that should be implemented in the work place. As a manager or supervisor thinks or has suspicion that someone is using drugs. Do you think they should have the right to send them to be tested. Not being a drug user I don't have a problem with that personally. <SEP> But I think that might be a violation of someone's rights. If someone's having personal problems for some reason that's causing them to behave differently. And their manager assumes they have a drug problem. <SEP> If someone assumed that of me I would be upset. It would almost be like a. It's an accusation. And it's based on a perception that someone has as how a drug user would behave when some drug users behave normal. <SEP> And then how would you feel afterwards when you came up negative and your supervisor has accused you of using drugs. I don't. I think almost the only way that drug testing can be done fairly is if it's across the board from the janitors to the executive management. <SEP> I agree with that. Because I know personally myself I've been in the same job for three years. It will be three years in August. And I've already been drug tested three times. What type of job do you have? I'm an environmental engineer. <SEP> And I've been drug tested three times. And I know many people that have never been tested in their lifetime. And the company I work for is sixty thousand people plus. So for some reason I've come up three times. That's pretty high statistics. Does your job require you to drive company equipment or to operate any type of machinery that might endanger someone? <SEP> Not at all. That doesn't. I. It's a legal job. <SEP> So it's really strange. That is odd. I was drug tested not for the job I have now but for the prior job. But I know that the job I had before that. The job I have now requested my medical record from my old company. So I don't know if I wasn't drug tested based on that or because the man who hired me didn't request the drug test because I know that my company does drug testing on occasion. <SEP> For instance does the company you worked for before have the right or do they have the ability to say we've already drug tested her. And she came up negative. I don't think they can force another company to not drug test me just by saying that I didn't. They don't know that I don't use drugs. They just tested me once. <SEP> But I used to work for a power company. So it was very important that they make sure their employees especially linemen were clean. <SEP> And since I was just one of the office folk I guess it wasn't as important to them that they test me regularly. But I know they test most of the service people fairly regularly just across the board. <SEP> And are they tested random? They're. All of them are tested once every three mo-. They're. It's a rotation. <SEP> I see. But it. But again it depends on what job you're in. The men that are out there fixing power lines are tested a lot. And the men that drive the trucks with the guys that fix the power lines aren't tested as much. <SEP>. But they make that clear to them as they hire those guys what the drug testing schedule is. <SEP> I see. They say we're testing you tomorrow. And we'll test you every three months thereafter while you work here. So they know that. And that's. It's made very clear upon hiring. <SEP>. Have we spent our at least five minutes? <SEP> I think so. Seven twenty-five. Nice speaking to you. Nice talking to you. <SEP>
sw3283.txt:. We're talking about capital punishment. How do you feel about that Lenore? <SEP> I am very much for capital punishment. Wonderful. I am too one hundred percent. My Dad retired from the federal prison of bureaus. <SEP> And I've been raised around prisons all my life. All your life. <SEP> And I believe if you don't have a punishment befitting the crime there's not any deterrent. There's no deterrent. That's right. There's just no deterrent. <SEP> That's right. And so many of those kind of people they have a better life in prison than they have on the street anyway. So unless they really make it rough on them going to prison for a little while is not much of a deterrent I don't think. Especially not a federal prison. I don't know what Oklahoma's laws are. But Texas's are. I don't know. It's no one's f-. It's not the judge's fault I don't think. It's just the way the law is down here. Our prisons are so crowded that they can commit some pretty serious crimes and be set free within a year to two. <SEP> The state's prisons were under a mandate to. It was over crowded. And the federal came in and said you have either got to build more prisons or let people go. That's what ours did same thing. And finally our governor at the time who is not in office now came in and said where we draw the line is no sex offenders will be let loose. Under early bail or early get out. <SEP>. <SEP> But we have. The death penalty is not given often. <SEP> But there have been w-. It's not here either really. And I. Maybe it should be given sparingly. But I do believe it should be befitting the crime. I do too. But the way the courts are set up they've got so many chances for appeal. But I think it needs to be expedited. If they've been convicted and given an appeal and they're still convicted of a crime that's deserving of a lethal injection let's do it and not waste so many years to do it. <SEP> Of course they're entitled to a speedy trial. That's right. But then they're also entitled to drag it through the courts for years and years and years on appeals. <SEP> So somehow it doesn't really balance out too much. <SEP> That's right. Somehow it just doesn't. It works and then again it takes too long for it to work. And it seems even though that they got. The prisoner himself can come to the point that I'm tired. I just want out. <SEP> I'm tired of fighting it. Then the system just keeps on. It equ-. <SEP> And at that point I really think there needs to be maybe a shorter appeal process. I do too. I think that needs to. And I don't see why it couldn't be shortened considerably. But. Part of that is the overcrowding of the court system. Yea-. That's true. It is overcrowded because there's so much problem with the people on drugs. Because that ha-. With the drugs they're robbing and killing. And that's why it's filled the prisons up so much I think. <SEP> It doesn't help them any at all. It doesn't. And of course your court system when you get into the appeals. I don't believe criminal is in a court by itself. And the whole judicial system is backed up with a lot of junk that shouldn't be in there. That's true. With all these lawsuits and people suing people over ridiculous things. But. <SEP> We've gotten into a very litigious type of life. Haven't that we though. We really have. But I'm glad to hear that you agree with me on the capital punishment. I just. I'm very muchly for it. Always have been. <SEP> Always will be. I just feel like their crime and punishment. And if you don't have the punishment you double your crime. And that is just personal feeling. It's not going on facts. I think the facts would probably back it up. It could be supportive. It's supported with facts though. <SEP> But. What? It could very easily be supported with facts. <SEP> I.
sw3887.txt:I guess we're forced finally to do a lot about air pollution. I hear that the major automobile manufacturers are looking at nonpolluting cars. And low polluting fuels are being experimented with Ethanol and other types of fuels. One of the things they asked me to ask you was where you thought the major source was coming from? Or sources. I assume that the major sources are cars and factories. <SEP> That's what I would think. But I don't know for sure. <SEP> I just know that acid rain apparently is a big problem in Canada from. Comes over the border from us. I think the automobile definitely is an area and any industry that burns. And then I don't know about chemical pollution. I'm not real into that as far as how it affects the air. I know we have a lot of the indoor type pollution. They have offices that are too well insulated. They found people are getting sick. <SEP> But I don't know if that affects outside. Seems to me that's what they were asking about was outside. And the only thing I can think of would be cars and factories. The smokestacks or the exhaust pipes. I guess there's been a lot of pressure to do away with the C F C's in these spray bottles which has been a real problem. <SEP> That's destroying the ozone isn't it? Again that's what I hear. And there's this big debate apparently about whether there's a hole in the ozone or not. But at last I heard it was discovered that the hole was bigger than they thought initially. <SEP> That's wh-. It's kind of scary. It is scary. And I think it will continue to force us to clean up our act literally and figuratively. <SEP> We've got to learn to manage without destroying the environment. I think something too that you probably see in older states is where people will use their fireplaces. I'm wondering whether it's going to get to the point where you can't do that. <SEP> I think it will. In Los Angeles they're apparently going to. They've passed laws that for habit for example people using barbecues gasoline lawn mowers. And it's really bad in places like Los Angeles. And it's gotten bad in Denver. <SEP> And it's not too bad around here although you see it more and more in the sky. And people in this country are really wedded to their cars. And our economy seems to. And this is one of the big problems. <SEP> In this area too since in Texas we're so spread out. We have to drive so far. But I know in Colorado I have witnessed that where it just stacks up when the Rockies starts. But we're even getting it here. We can when we've been on vacation or something drive into Fort Worth or Dallas. And you can tell it in the mornings too. My husband likes to go out and jog. And there's just a brown fog here. And we don't even have any mountains that are holding it in. <SEP> But they also said that more dense the population and the more we crowd together the worse it gets. That makes a lot of sense. I hadn't thought about it that way. But it. You don't have to have mountains that are stopping it. <SEP> And they making more and more high-rise buildings. So. We can comment. And we didn't see this a few years ago. And I think. It was pretty clear here. And I think that more and more it's becoming apparent to people that the earth which includes all the people on it and everything that's going on it is an organism of sorts and that there is a whole set of organic relationships that if we start to destroy one part of it it's going to tell us about it. <SEP> And we're going to feel it. And I think it's going to be real interesting and particularly in light of what is obviously going to be a big structural change in the economy in this country whether people are willing to get out of their cars. <SEP> And in this country the solution that people seem to think work are politically unacceptable. For example taxing people heavily for using their cars. And I have a little sports car that I enjoy using. And I know just like anybody else how much fun it is to drive. But I think we're going to have to make some fundamental changes. And I'm not sure how long it's going to take or what it's going to take because they keep saying that the economy is going to depend on how many cars and houses we sell. <SEP> And it's a shame too when you do see somebody driving a big car just one person in that. It's a lot of waste. But.
sw3351.txt:Lynn. Do you have any pets? <SEP> I have a dog and cat now. What are their names? Tibby and Liberty. Which is the dog and which is the cat? <SEP> Tibby is the dog. And Liberty is the cat. Wife and I we have two cats. One's real nice. But the other one is a. She's pretty wild. <SEP> Ours are pretty calm. Are they just house pets? That's what ours are too. <SEP> Our cat we got from the pound the night she was going to be put to sleep. So that's why we call her Liberty. That's a nice story. <SEP> Do you want to hear about my other animals I've had? I've had a skunk. <SEP> I've had a Burmese python. I've had rats. I've had mice. Let's see. I've had gerbils. I had a son that was an animal lover. <SEP> So at one point I had a snake skunk dog and cat running loose in the house. The skunk was it kind of like a cat to have around the house? <SEP> It was litter trained. <SEP> And we had it perfumed. And it was very aggressive. <SEP> But all three of them dog cat and skunk used to chase each other all through the house. And the skunk. And the only thing we have with the skunk he was very very protective of his territory being the sofa and the blanket on the sofa. <SEP> Nobody came near it when he was there. I had a dog one time. And he chased after a skunk and got sprayed. <SEP> So we had to give him a tomato juice bath and get him cleaned up. Ours would still back up to the dog or cat when he got mad and try to perfume them. But the glands had been removed. <SEP> But I suppose it was still in the instinct of them to back up and get ready. <SEP> One other question we had is Why do you have pets? Why I don't know. I think they're kind of nice to have. They're kind of just relaxing to pet and to. I don't know. When they sit up on your lap and stuff like that just kind of enjoyable to have. I don't know. Something giving you some affection as well. I always said if I died I'd come back as a dog. What do you think? <SEP>. That'd be the best way to be. Do you like big dogs or little dogs? <SEP> We had a German Shepherd. And he had dysplasia. <SEP> And he had it for about three or four years where we just about had to lift him and carry him every place he went. So when he died we got a little one. <SEP> But our shepherd was almost thirteen years old. And it just was almost cruel because. Almost cruel for him to walk. <SEP> He couldn't get up. He couldn't walk. He was a hundred and twenty pounds. So it was a chore. So we said the next time around we'd get something little that if something happened it would be easier to carry. <SEP> And then we've had three cats in our married life. And we've got a calico now. We've got a calico cat too. <SEP> Do you? She's the nice one. We used to live in an apartment. And our cats never went outside. But the neighbors used to let their dogs out. And our neighbors were kind of slimy. And our cats wound up getting fleas from the apartment that we were in. So we had to flea bath them. And it was an experience that they didn't enjoy at all. <SEP> Don't even talk to me. When I was single I had gone away for the weekend. And my husband then fiance was to keep my cat. And he let her out. And my house was loaded with fleas. You walked in. And your legs were just black. <SEP> And we had such a time and never got the cat back. I found it in the street. <SEP> I was a social worker at the time and found it.
sw2264.txt:Since you live close I don't know if you know about what Louisville is doing with recycling. Or are you familiar with any of that? I know that we have some relatives that live around the area in there. <SEP> I know they're doing some curbside recycling as a kind of a test there. I read. When they first started doing that in the paper and I read about that. I was just praying that that would be in our area because we've been recycling for quite some time. And we separate everything out and then have to haul it up to a Metco which is a real pain. So if they would come up curbside recycling. <SEP> They'll help you recycle because there is some bins behind Wal-Mart that take some things. Have they moved them behind Wal-Mart? <SEP>. Because I finally asked because we had all of those milk cartons. And there was nowhere else to take them. And they had it in front of Wal-Mart. And I ask in Wal-Mart. And they said they moved it just behind. That's really nice to know because we were doing the same thing. Because to take it to a Metco you have to take it when they're open which is always a real pain. <SEP> And so when that thing came up in Wal-Mart parking lot we thought this is great. And we started taking them up there. And then all the sudden it disappeared. I didn't know. And we're going there goes our recycling place. That's really nice to find out that it's behind there. We pretty much do plastic milk cartons and newspapers. I couldn't even think of what you call them. <SEP> Plastic milk cartons newspapers and cans and glass is really the four things that we do. Aluminum cans? <SEP> That's about what we do too. And really that's really about it. Is there any place else that really takes anything other than that that you know of? I guess down kind of in North Dallas there is a place that will take almost anything. <SEP> We just don't have the room to store all that much. I know. I don't want to be running down there every week or whatever. I know. I know. <SEP> We're kind of the same way. At first you. At first it was a real hassle. And I'm wondering are we really going to do this. But you kind of get into a little routine where it is automatic now to throw different things in different places. So I just go. We have a pretty good size pantry in our kitchen. And I've just got three trash cans sitting in there. We just kind of dump things in each one if we get them. <SEP> So. Those milk cartons take up so much room. They do too. <SEP> And they're impossible to crush. You can't get the down to any size. If you get four milk cartons that fills up trash bag pretty easily. So. I guess we kind of started recycling after I moved here about a year and a half ago. <SEP> We were using baby food. And there was so many baby food jars kind of what started it. <SEP> Some of our neighbors were doing it. And so when I found out some places to take it. And they also take some things at the Flower Mound dump behind the fire station there. And I know that they're going to use the money for that to build some kind of multipurpose field and that type of thing. Put lights and stuff. That will be good. So if I'm not going to get the money for aluminum I would just assume give it to the city of Flower Mound. To do something with. <SEP> Let somebody get something out of it. That's true. And they won't raise our taxes. <SEP>. I was kind of hoping with. Do you work for T I? <SEP> I don't. I have a friend of mine told me about this program is the reason that I'm. There was a. T I has got this organization called T A D which is T I'ers Against Drugs. And we're recycling aluminum cans up here just what you would buy out of the machines and drink here. And there was crushers out in all of the hallways. And that's. They use the money from that to fund this T I'ers Against Drugs Program. It's. T I doesn't give them any money everything is made from that. And they had talked about having a thing like one Saturday a month you could come and drop your aluminum cans off from home. <SEP> And I'm kind of yeah. I shall. They would do that because at least somebody was getting the money out of it. That was going to use it for good. So. Sounds like you have a little one just like I do. <SEP> She'll be two in July. Mine was two in December. It was good to talk to you. <SEP> It was nice to talk to you. I know they've started over in Richardson where my dad lives. They pick up newspapers I think. Do they really. Curbside pick up? I really hope they do that in Louisville. It would make it a lot easier on all of us. <SEP> Talk to you later.
sw2177.txt:Cindy have you seen DANCES WITH WOLVES? I haven't. Have you? That is a wonderful movie. <SEP> It's not. The length isn't too long? <SEP> We all heard different opinions about it. You don't even realize it. <SEP> One that. It was too long. And they thought at certain points that it was going to end. And it didn't. And it kept going on. And. I thought it was great. <SEP> I've seen some different clips of it. And it looks good. It's just I haven't had the time to go to the movies lately. And I heard a story about there's a certain scene in the movie where they're on a buffalo hunt. And they have a particular child actor who's being supposedly run down by a buffalo. <SEP> And when they were trying to film that the buffalo that they used for that scene was Neil Young's buffalo. I can't remember what they said his name was. But he has a fetish for Oreo cookies. <SEP> And he got him to run like he was running down the kid by luring him with oreo cookies. That'd work for me. Let me tell you. I thought that was really funny. <SEP> I've seen another clip of the guy that plays in MURPHY BROWN. I don't know his name. But he played the character in it that was very dirty. An-. I saw the one clip of him. And. It was first. I guess he was taking Kevin Costner to the site where he was going to be or whatever. <SEP> That was rather gross. The wagon driver. But other than that I've heard the scenery in it is absolutely beautiful. <SEP> And the costuming was. The only thing about the costuming my husband remarked that the Indians all appeared to be wearing new things. <SEP> And they should have taken them out and rolled them in the dirt a little more probably to age the material. <SEP> They did very authentic reproductions of the actual stuff. The styles. But they didn't age it quite enough it seemed. <SEP>. But it was a very good movie. <SEP> I guess I will have to see it then. What have you seen lately? Actually have been to the movies. I think the last movie I saw was MISERY. I didn't see that. <SEP> Very suspenseful. I don't like Stephen King. I really don't either. But I went with someone. And once I was there I couldn't believe. It's an excellent movie. <SEP> I wasn't sure. Because just generally that kind of scary stuff I just don't want to have anything to do with it. It's not necessarily scary as it is suspenseful. It's not. I think I heard somebody talking about that she cuts his foot off or something. <SEP> In the book apparently she cuts his feet off. But in the movie she disables him but not by cutting his feet. She breaks both of his ankles. <SEP> And that I couldn't watch. But you could tell when it was coming. So. That was so that he couldn't leave her. Cause she. It still just seems a little twisted to me. <SEP> I'm not sure I would have enjoyed that at all. As far as that goes. You wouldn't like to see anything happen to anybody. But it was just how she got so caught up. Her emotions. <SEP> And she feel madly in love with this writer. And there was this. But she was a killer. And the character prior to that had been someone that had killed other people. <SEP> But no one knew that. But. We just haven't had the time to go to the movies lately. I know. We don't see movies at the movies a lot. <SEP> The last. We did go see DANCES WITH WOLVES. And we went to see NOT WITHOUT MY DAUGHTER. But mostly we wait until they come out on video tape. And then we rent them. Now I want to see SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY. <SEP> That looks really good too. That looks good. And there were a couple others that I just haven't had the time. And SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. <SEP> I. I'm intrigued by it. But I'm not sure I want to go see it yet. I don't think I want to see that either. I know. I don't think I could. I think. We had some friends that went to see it. And they said it was okay. <SEP> So it might not be as. I think they may be playing up some aspects of the movie that aren't the main aspects. <SEP> We went to see the JAGGED EDGE. I liked that movie. <SEP> So it seems like that kind of thriller suspense and not real strange in other ways. <SEP> I guess that's about it. It was nice. Maybe we'll talk to you again. It was nice talking to you. <SEP>.
sw2782.txt:Ready to talk? I guess so. <SEP> I want to talk about our family budget and the times that it's worked and the times that it hasn't worked and give you a general description of it. <SEP> And you can help me out a little. Bit. Tell me how yours works. <SEP> At the my-. I introduced you a little bit to it a few minutes ago when I said that we're on the east coast now. My husband quit a perfectly wonderful job and decided that. We both decided we wanted to move to North Carolina. <SEP> And so naturally we put ourselves. We looked at our budget. And so what we did was draw up a budget that we thought was realistic. <SEP> And so we had to make some adjustments. Because we really are kind of looking for something that we want to do and he wants to do that's satisfactory. And we've been here seven months. And he's still hasn't hit up on anything permanently. So you see. <SEP> That throws the budget out of whack real fast. We actually planned for about one year. That because it never occurred to us that it would take seven months. <SEP> That was smart. <SEP> And what we did was just decide how we had been spending our money before. And then we put that on the computer. And then we took about three months and adjusted where we could come down and where we didn't want to come down. <SEP>. And we really lessened our living expenses more than what we thought we would. <SEP> That's great. But. Did you have a special program on your computer to do that. Or was this just your own design of. Just our own design. <SEP>. And the. But we've had budgets that didn't work when our. Of. Our first fifteen years or eighteen years of being married nothing worked. <SEP> We spent too much money until our children went to college. So tell me about. <SEP> Do you all have a budget? We've been married for five and a half years. And we started out without kids and found it much easier to save and used to do a lot more fun kinds of things and did really have a real strict budget. But the. About and. To our. When we first got married we were in graduate school. And we were just dirt poor. Then when we got our first jobs after about a year of marriage we decided we'd bank my salary so we could buy a house. So we virtually did that for about two years which worked real well and then moved from California where we realized we could never buy a house anyway no matter how much we saved and moved to Texas bought a house immediately which of course is now devalued with the housing market. Wonderful. <SEP> So I don't know if we did a good thing to buy a house or not. But at least we've got a place to live. So since we have a three year old and a two year old now. Three and a two year old. <SEP>. That threw our budget really out of whack too. An we have been just forced to budget much more because I quit working to be home with the kids. And we just really have. I don't know. We've tried different times. We've done a survey of taking the past three months of where all the money went. <SEP> And we really don't spend on anything much of a luxury or anything at all. But it seems like there's times when we just have to get out where we'll go and get a baby-sitter and we'll go and we'll blow fifty sixty dollars in one night going out to eat going to a show or doing something. I think that's important for your budget to be realis-. For it to work though you have to do something. That's the hard part because when we sit down to make it we try to make it real spartan and real narrow so we can put a certain amount in savings every week. And then it's not really that realistic. Because we do find that we want to go and do something or splurge for birthday for somebody. Or we even do things real frugally for the kids. We get a lot of toys and clothes and stuff at garage sales or from friends because they don't know the difference at this age whether they're JORDACHE new or whether they're something. Of course not. <SEP> And they're both boys. So they just one year after the other in each other's clothes. But that's the hardest part for us is that it's really budgeting and some extra things that are more nonessential items. I found that the place that it was harder for me to stick to a budget was not where we were concerned but where maybe our friends were concerned and our relatives and parents. We tended to want to keep on giving lavish gifts as we had done before. <SEP>. <SEP> And I really believe that if you're going to cut down on yourself you need to cut down somewhat on your friends. On your friends. That's true. That's true. We have so many unexpected things come up so often with. We both have older cars. And something will come up and wind up having to spend a thousand dollars on the car in two months or something. <SEP> And a lot of things like that really are hard to plan for. And. I really do. I think you have to budget those things though. Kind of put in a certain amount per year. <SEP> You're going to have on extra expenses for car. Although so much per month anyway. And that really should be in your bu-. But if you don't spend it it should be in your bank account at the end of the month. <SEP> Our biggest way of saving money is then to stop all these deductions is to. Let's see. I forget which way we do it. We don't list all the deductions. And then we get more money back at the end of the year. So that's not a good way to. You don't want the government to spend your money. You want to be able. <SEP> That's what my husband said. So this last year he changed it of course. We didn't get nearly as much back. And it was. Better find another way of saving money. But I do realize that that is realistic for some people. And it was for us for many years. <SEP>. And if that's the only way that it will make you save and have a little nest egg at the end of the year then doggone it that's what you should do. <SEP> Because we don't miss it. We really don't when it's just taking out of the paycheck and stuff. But we're trying to put a little money away for the kids because we can envision the expenses for college already eighteen years away or whatever. I was just reading an article in a North Carolina paper today where a high school student obtained over two hundred thousand dollars worth of scholarships for herself by sitting up at night and typing letters of applications to universities. <SEP> She was third out of a class of two hundred and twenty. So it can be done. I guess. Where there's a will there's a way? <SEP> That's fantastic. I have enjoyed talking to you. <SEP> I enjoyed talking to you too. And don't spend any money this weekend. I know. We'll have to stay home and mow the yard. <SEP>
sw3069.txt:. I talked with people from Richardson and Plano. And the first three days. And then yesterday I talked with someone from Pennsylvania. So. Because. It's the. <SEP> I've only made. This is only my third call. I tried to make calls two different days. And I couldn't get through. I know. Sometimes I just. I'm in. It just takes a very long time. So. <SEP> Does it? I've been trying to do that. And sometimes I just can't wait that long. I know. So I just hang up. Because it keeps going through the thing over and over again. <SEP> This is hilarious. But I knew as soon as I heard your voice. I thought it's Kathy Kester. Tell me what books have you read lately? <SEP> Let's see. I can't even think. I haven't read any. And you're such a reader I know that. And I. I don't read all that much for enjoyment. I read a lot for school. But I just don't have much time for enjoyment reading. The last book I picked up was a book by Judy Bloom. <SEP> And it was called SMART WOMEN. Or something like that. <SEP> And it was kind of. I really didn't like it at all. It was written back in the early eighties. <SEP> And it was all this divorced woman syndrome of the. It was almost like a pre-AIDS scare kind of thing. Interesting. <SEP> It was really an interesting. Because I right away looked at when it was copyrighted. Because I could tell by the theme almost when it was written. <SEP> And it was all about women searching for themselves. And a lot of hanky-panky going on. <SEP> That kind of was kind of a pop psychology time when a lot of books like that were coming out I think. That's right. And so that makes real sense that that's when it was written. <SEP> I wasn't really aware that she had written anything for adults. I was always just more aware of her jer-. For her young people her books. <SEP> And she's more famous for that. But she has been writing for adults also. I'll be darned. <SEP> And so I thought I'll just try this and see what it was like. It was very. The style was very conversational. <SEP> You would have lots of conversations between people rather than any description. <SEP> You know how that is. And. I wonder if she's written anything really recently if she's got anything in print. She has. Because I remember seeing a new book by her that was out. <SEP> And I think it was an adult book. I'll be darned. <SEP> But that's the last thing I've read. And. It's. The last actual book I read that wasn't. Let's see I think I read. When I was on vacation on semester break between spring and summer. <SEP> And I went to my mother's. I read a book that I should have read when I was probably in high school. I read JANE EYRE. I. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. JANE EYRE? It wasn't JANE EYRE. <SEP> WUTHERING HEIGHTS? It was PRIDE AND PREJUDICE by Jane Austen. <SEP> By Jane Austen. That's what it was. And I didn't know what to expect except I had heard that Jane Austen was such a wonderful novelist. And she really was good. I was very much impressed with the way her plot was put together so intricately. <SEP> And I just. But as I say I was pretty much ashamed that I hadn't read something before then. <SEP> Because I think I read it in college or had to read it in high school or college. But I don't remember it. <SEP> And then when Jennie had to read it at Gettysburg I got her someone. I think it was some actress reading it. How interesting. <SEP> They had an abridged version of it on tape. And so I got that for her. And she loved doing that. I'll bet. <SEP> But I remember that was the book. And now I think it's around here somewhere. I wouldn't be surprised. <SEP> I'm just going to have to put it in the car sometimes and listen to it. <SEP> But. I read that. And then I'm trying to think. Usually I try to find something long that I'm going to. If I have long periods of time like Christmas vacation or when I know I'm not going to be doing anything for a while. <SEP> That's what I do too. And that's about it because otherwise I'm reading so much for school. I have just started reading a book. It's for school. But it's for. There's a literary jour-. Not a literary journal. It's kind of a journal of the history of ideas that's starting to be published from U T D. The first issue doesn't come out until next year. But. I'm doing some reviews of books to sort of recommend whether or not a full-scale review should be done for the journal. <SEP> How neat. And I've. It's really neat because these are brand new books. And I got this one. Most of the stuff is on literary criticism and philosophy and religion and all that. <SEP>. This one is on Johann Sebastian Bach. And it's a biography that is really interesting. <SEP> That's fascinating. It's fascinating. It really is. <SEP> But it's so long. I don't really have the time to read the whole thing. But I think eventually I'll go back to it. But it was written. <SEP> The copyright is nineteen ninety-one. So it's a brand new book. It's a brand new book. <SEP> That would be wonderful to read something like that. And this man really shed some light on some aspects of Bach's genius and the more sociological things like the idea that to be a musician was as much of a family occupation as anything. <SEP> Families had just loads of musicians. <SEP> And they just went from generation probably to generation just with these all passing it from one to the other. That's right. <SEP> And. That's the way it was back then. So. <SEP> That's interesting. It was just really interesting. If that's kind of what. But I have to. Not only am I reading it to decide whether or not it should be reviewed but also because the board of advisers for this journal right now doesn't have a really respected name who's a scholar on music. And I'm supposed to decide whether I think this man might be a worthy person to be in that position on the board. So. <SEP> I don't know if I want to take that responsibility or not. But at least I can tell them what I think. That's rough. <SEP> That's real rough. So it's real interesting. <SEP> That's a neat thing to be involved in. Because I think my alma mater Gettysburg I think they were just starting a magazine that was similar to that. It is. <SEP> I think that's probably sort of a thing to do in small colleges. <SEP> But. That it. You see a lot of small colleges doing things like that. <SEP>. Because it attracts really a lot people's interest. That's one way. It's really good public relations for small schools. <SEP> I think so. But another one of my projects this summer it's helping a professor compile a bunch of translations of various poems for a book that he's writing. And so I'm learning the names if not the actual contents of a lot of different poems and a lot of French people. <SEP> Translations what do you mean translations of. For instance a Baudelaire poem that was written in the French and then has been translated into English by various people. <SEP>. <SEP> I see. And the translations are all so different from one another. All different. <SEP> That's interesting. So it's multiple translations of single works. And that's right now pretty much what I'm doing as far as. My work is just kind of compiling all that for him. So. <SEP> That's great. It's real interesting. You really lift me up to a different. <SEP> Here I'm dealing with cleaning the stove. And. Let me tell you There are days when I would prefer really doing that. <SEP> I wish I were dealing with Baudelaire. <SEP> That would be nice. I don't know if I've told you. But this is not on the subject.
sw3038.txt:. Tell me about CHINA CRY. <SEP> CHINA CRY was basically the true story written by this lady who was a native Chinese who was raised by Christian parents. And her time frame was prior to the nineteen forty-nine revolution. I see. <SEP> Although she herself had never really accepted Jesus or gone through any of the other Christian portions of the faith repentance baptisms et cetera et cetera. She had always felt a very strong leaning in this direction. And whenever the cultural revolution of nineteen forty-nine occurred and most churches were either banned or all the clergy and so forth were killed or imprisoned and the property confiscated she was safe because she had not officially joined the Christian movement. As she grew up towards maturity her parents. Her dad was a doctor. And he was rather well to do in the old regime. And the communist Chinese didn't like this at all. The bourgeoisie was definitely out of style then. <SEP> Everybody was back to a commonality of one. And so they kept picking at him picking at her mother and finally started picking on her. And getting her to. They were starting to accuse her of crimes and atrocities before the revolution and had her write her own story over and over and over. And the major point of the movie was that she had married this Chinese fellow and was with child when they started this mass court. I think I'm leaving out a portion. She went through college and graduated very high up in her class and had gotten a job as an instructor. And they were starting to have her teach history for the soldiers. When they decided that she needed to start recanting of all of her pre regime crimes as it were. <SEP> Being a child. They kept on and on at her. And in the meantime she and her husband were expecting their own child. And the people kept harassing her over a period of months. And finally they carried her out into the courtyard either really to shoot her or to go through the motions of shooting her or executing her by firing squad. <SEP> And the Lord just said no. This is not going to happen even though this lady has not really. She's one of mine. She is not going to die. And the soldiers were blinded when they shot. And her life was spared. And this frightened the commandant. And so he called this kind of stuff off and just put her in the labor camp. <SEP> And course here's this woman who is heavy with child dragging rocks around. She put in for going to. And her husband had escaped to Hong Kong. And then she put in to go see him. And over time she. Finally through her perseverance and writing enough letters to enough different people embarrassed enough of the middle bureaucracy that they finally let her go. <SEP> And of course she had to walk. They stripped her of everything practically besides the clothes on her back. So she went across the border to her husband and other child that they'd already had to freedom. <SEP> And they knew that she wasn't going to come back. But she did years later when the liberalization of China happened. And she was not persecuted or anything else like that. Interesting story. <SEP> It was. Very moving too. I don't even remember seeing that advertised. And it was probably here and gone fairly quickly. It was within ninety days. That recent. <SEP> It was advertised over a period of about ninety days. I see what you mean. But it wasn't. They didn't have it in too awfully many movie houses. But it was in the. It had large press release. I guess what I saw most recently was sort of light by comparison. <SEP>. My husband and I had this great desire to go see a comedy. And we ended up going to see GREEN CARD. <SEP> GREEN CARD? GREEN CARD. And he chose it. And it's got this wonderful French actor who's. It was his. And he's been a star in France and a wonderful actor who we've enjoyed for years. But he's never made an American film. This was his American film debut. <SEP> I see. And he speaks very broken English. And basically he played a Frenchman who married an American girl in a marriage of convenience so that he could get his green card which is what an alien needs to work in this country. <SEP> And because she could claim she was married she could get an apartment or a condominium in a very exclusive building in New York that had an outside garden which is very unusual there. So she was a horticulturist. And that was sort of her dream. <SEP> I see. Of course they got married. And they never saw each other again. Except fate through them together. And the Immigration and Naturalization Service started investigating. So they had to get back together and get their stories straight. <SEP> And she was a very svelte sophisticated urban New Yorker. And he was a poor Frenchman who had grown up on the streets and sort of pulled himself up by his bootstraps and claimed to be a composer. But there was no proof whatsoever that he really was. <SEP> He'd been working in a restaurant when they met. And they had to learn all about each other basically in a weekend. <SEP> Just then. And it was. You knew what was going to happen of course. That they would fall in love. They fell into like at any rate. And when they went to the query or inquisition or whatever they did perfectly. <SEP> And then he said something because his English was so poor for the most part. He was so proud of himself for giving all the correct answers that on the last one he said I never remember that answer. And that clued the investigator that he had memorized a series of answers. So.
sw2299.txt:What do you think about it? How are we doing in recycling? Are we. I think we need to do more. I know I need to do more. They have programs around where you can reach the. They come and pick up your newspapers if you have them bundled up. <SEP> But I have a hard time of separating my trash. And get all the cans from the paper. And I just haven't gotten that dedicated yet. So. I do a lot of work with the boy scouts. And we try to do a lot. <SEP> But there's still a lot more we can do. I don't recycle my newspapers myself. But I noticed in one of the sales catalogs this weekend they have a clothes hamper kind of thing that you lay your string in then you put your papers in there tie them all up and bundle them up. <SEP> So I figured I might get me one of those because we don't always read the newspaper. Sometimes it just sits around for a while. And then we just chuck it. <SEP> I don't get the paper every day. But I get it on. I try to buy the early edition for the coupons the Sunday edition. So. But then I just bundle it up and put it on the front walk every Monday or every other Monday and have them pick that up. <SEP> But that's the extent of what I've done. I'd like to be able to do more. The problem with a lot of it is it takes a while to drive to these places where you recycle it. And. It's not always convenient to do it. And here in Lubbock everything's so close. I can imagine what it's like up there. <SEP> I'm not exactly sure where the can thing is. But sometimes it's just so. Seems so much easier just to take it and throw it in the trash and have them pick it up than it is to smash the cans and drive it some place to have them. I went out to Payless Cashways here a couple of days ago as a matter of fact and got me one of those little can crushers that I could put on the wall. <SEP> And then I put me a little five gallon bucket. And it's just outside the garage door. So every time we drink a Coke or whatever we crush the can and just drop it into the bucket. <SEP> Do those can crushers work good? I got one from Payless Cashways. And it's actually metal. It's not plastic. I didn't want to buy a plastic one. <SEP> Because those things would just snap. But Payless Cashways has them. And they're metal. And I don't know what affiliate of Payless Cashways you have up there. But it was only seven dollars not too bad. <SEP> I'd have to check into something like that because we don't drink a whole lot of soda around here. But occasionally we have some around. But for other kind of cans it'd probably only take aluminum cans like that don't they. I don't. I don't think it would crush steel cans. It's pretty tough. <SEP> So. I don't know. I don't think you have to crush the other ones for them to get to take that. But I need to look into it more. You could probably just. It. Sometimes even with the newspaper they say they'll only take certain types of paper. They won't take paper that's shiny. <SEP> They won't take any lint free paper. Or I work at T I. So does my husband. We do a lot of recycling out there. <SEP> Now we recycle all our computer paper and our cardboard. But that's just now come on board. We've been throwing paper out there away for years. And we're just now getting on board to recycling ever since this big Earth Day thing came out. <SEP> I don't know what. I haven't. I'm sure they're probably doing that here some. I'm sure they are. T I is doing it pretty well nation-wide I'm sure. <SEP> I think it's necessary. I like it. It makes. I think it's good that you see these boxes cereal. They're now starting to make the packages out of recycled paper. And I've bought greeting cards that are made out of recycled paper. And I think they're just fine. I bought a. I got one at work that I bought for one of the guys there at work. It's his birthday. We're pretty good friends. And what it is is a recycled paper bag. <SEP> And it's just got Happy Birthday printing on it and a cute little phrase inside. And it's just a paper bag. And it's really cute. <SEP> But I think we're doing better and better all the time. Still don't. <SEP> I think we're becoming more conscious because we just can't stick everything in landfills any more. So. There's not going to be any room shortly. The office. I don't know what New York does about theirs. I guess they still ship it out on barges somewhere. <SEP> It's probably sitting out on the barge somewhere. But I think we're getting better at it. I think there's quite a bit more we could do. <SEP> Girls put that away. Now. But you're right sometimes it does seem like it's more trouble than what it would be worth. I just wish it was a little more convenient to do. <SEP> Seems like you're so busy anyway. And then that's just one more thing to have to worry about. So. It sure is. I think if the cities locally they'd get more programs going so that you could do that it'd make it a lot easier. So. They'll get at it sooner. I guess the schools will get into it too sooner or later. <SEP> Get the kids interested in it too. They have. We tried to have an aluminum can drive with the cub scouts that I have. And we just don't have any place to store those kind of cans. <SEP> If we go out and pick up a bunch of cans from people they'll save them for us there's no problem there. But what do you do with them in the meantime? <SEP> That's right. I don't want a garage full of cans. That's right. Who does. People don't have room for that kind of stuff. <SEP> They're not prepared for it. And in Texas they're just get things like that. They just get bugs in them. So. They do. <SEP> So you don't. The more trash you have laying around the more bugs you get. That's for sure. That's right. So. <SEP> I'm pretty lazy about it right now. Everything goes into one thing and goes out to the. Pick it up. So. Myself. About the only thing I really recycle around here is aluminum cans. <SEP>. I need to get better at it. So. If we all try a little bit a little bit goes a long way. <SEP> That's right. That's right. If everybody tries to do just a little bit and a little bit more then we'll get there. That's true. <SEP> That's right. Thank you for talking to me. <SEP> Thank you for calling. I. No problem. Take care. <SEP>.
sw2969.txt:. What you mean my voice? I am from Kentucky. Originally. <SEP> So. The topic today was gardening and lawn care? <SEP> I know. We are about to hit it in few minutes. I figured I could make this call and get it over with. We are going to mow and trim and edge. And that is all we have been doing all weekend. <SEP> You know what? It seems like we are doing it here forever. We bought a large house that was completely unlandscaped. It probably was up to your shoulder in thistles. That was all that was there. <SEP> And we hired a professional landscaper to do it. And I have since then probably ripped out half of what he has done because it has always been incorrectly planted. Or the plants do not make the winter time. And so I am kind of at this point getting a little bit broke and deciding that what we are going to do is we are just going to struggle through the rest of this year probably through the Fall too. And rip out all the rest of these junipers or anything that requires more care than I am willing to give the kids and replace it with hollies. <SEP> How many kids do you have? <SEP> Just two. But they are just eighteen months apart so it seems like a lot more. How old are they? <SEP> Four and five. Four and five. I have got a four year old and a four month old. And an eight year old stepdaughter. <SEP> I have a twenty six year old stepson. And I do not know if that counts. You do not have to tend to him. <SEP> I did for many years. So. You did. It is over with. He is gone. <SEP> It is over with. Back to gardening. Are you one of these Howard Garrett organic enthusiasts or a Neil Sperry nuke the lawn with chemicals? <SEP> If I can just nuke it I would do it. But I do not. I just. It is like I will get out there and pull my weeds. I do not have a real big front yard. But I do have half of it is a flower bed just about all by the porch. <SEP> Because the porch is pretty big. I live in town. But just pulling all the weeds out of that just drives me nuts. I do not like it. And I just went out this weekend and bought me some plants and stuff. And I just plowed through the whole nine yards. Got up everything. There was some plants that are just Spring bloomers. And I. When the blooms died the leaves were just horrible looking. <SEP> So I just broke all them off. It was a hyacinth. Have you ever seen those? They are pretty in the Spring. But the leaves I do not like them. Once. <SEP> Are you sure they are hyacinths? Because that is a bulb. It is a bulb. You should of just ripped the whole thing out. Because I like the plant in the Spring. I love those pink flowers. They are just pretty. So I just cut the leaves off and transplant and put some other plants down. Because I want them to come back up next year. <SEP> Have you had. Is this the first year they have been up? Let me tell you they do not come back very well at all. Maybe they will up further north. But down. And you are not that much further north. I have probably planted around here maybe six hundred bulbs. Of hyacinths? <SEP> I have done hyacinths. Of everything. But I have just learned from doing hyacinths that if you really like them what you do is you dig the bulbs up and then you throw them away after they are done blooming. Because they do not take the heat here. And if they do come back next year they are going to look real puny. They will? <SEP>. About the only bulb that repeats well in my area is the daffodil and some of the narcissus bulb. I have got some daffodils. And everybody down here calls these flags. The irises I guess. <SEP> They call them flags? That is what they call them down here. They get just one bloom on the plant. I am not sure what they are called. When does it bloom? But I do not much. <SEP> I think they are stopped blooming now in the Spring. It has got gr-. And what color? They come in all different colors. The blooms are on some of them is yellow purple white. Just all different colors. <SEP> And you only get one of them? Per bulb. You get one big flower that looks like a lily. I do not know what they are called. I have always called them. I do not know what I have called them. But when I come down here everybody told me they are flags. You know what I bet you they are? And I am a pretty good gardener. Because I have killed a lot of things here. And I have planted a lot of them. And I work on a landscape committee for our neighborhood. <SEP> And our neighborhood is a planned development with seven hundred and fifty-five families. But we have about sixty acres that we have to plant. I am going to bet you that is a lily. Because it is. It is some type of lily. <SEP> And I will get. Is it. What color is yours blooming? I have got some in the backyard that bloomed blue. Which I would have liked those in the front because they match my porch and stuff better. And then some on the side of the house with the dusty purple color. With little purple spots that it will fade into a solid purple. And what does the foliage look like? Does it fit that. Green spiky leaves. Now it looks almost like a hyacinth only a lot higher. <SEP> And it is a bulb. <SEP> I bet you what those things are is a Dutch iris. Dutch irises. I bet you it is a Dutch iris. <SEP> On the flower does it have a beard on it at all? Any kind of fuzzies? I really do not know. I am going to bet you that. That has got to be blooming this time of year. It has. They are dead now. <SEP> I was just going to correct myself. They bloom in the Spring. Because they would have bloomed pretty early. <SEP> They bloomed in the Spring. Right about after the daffodils? Right about the same time or after. <SEP> I will bet you those are Dutch iris. I took and just mowed over them last year. And we have been. I do not much care for them. After the bloom dies they are not pretty. And to me it just looks like a bunch of leaves. <SEP> But I took them out of my front yard. And I just threw them on the side intending to transplant them or throw them away or something. And forgot about them through the whole Winter. I went out there this Spring. And they had took root right where they were on top of each other. And they told me that they are the hardest things to kill. <SEP> But they are real easy to grow. Does that help? <SEP> Then it is not a Dutch iris then. I am not sure what it is. They said that they are irises. It is some type of iris though. But they call them flags down here. <SEP> I am not so sure that Texans know what they have got. I do not know what it is. I am just getting into gardening this year. <SEP> Did you just move down here? We moved here a year ago. Last Spring. We moved in this house May of last year. So it was really too late to do much. Who. Because I have probably got a big circular driveway. The whole perimeter bordering the house is all in Texas wildflower beds. And I am into that. <SEP> And it looks quite formal. It really does. It looks quite formal. That is. But it has been about three or four years of playing around with flowers to decide which ones actually grow here. What kind of blue? I want blue and purple and just different shades of that. Because my house is gray. <SEP> You want blue? And blue looks so pretty against it. <SEP> Blue is hard. Do you want a perennial flower that will bloom all Summer? I bought. I would like to have one that would bloom next year too. That will come back up. Put in a perennial blue salvia. The plant itself will grow about eighteen inches tall. <SEP> And it will send out a flower spike. You will see them blooming now. It is a wildflower here. But you can get them in the nursery. I am looking for a pen. I want to write this down because. That is where I went this year. Because I waited too late to really plant stuff. But I did not know that these hyacinths. Like I said I do not know anything about plants. I did not know the hyacinths were going to die. The nursery men will sell you things here. And they are kind of in a labor of love. The other thing to do if you really like the hyacinths is that before you plant those bulbs stick them in the refrigerator for five weeks or so to cool them. That is what I did with my plants. I had bought these Celosias or whatever. <SEP> And they will not grow down here. Perennial. <SEP> Blue. Salvia. Salvia. <SEP> And now that will bloom all Summer long. But it insists on full sun. I guess I just went and bought me just about nineteen dollars worth of little already grown. <SEP> And it looks pretty good out there. I will tell you another plant that is purply. <SEP> It is kind of a purply blue red. It is really a pretty plant. It is sold down here as Purple Buddy. Purple Buddy? <SEP> It's not. It is not a perennial. It is an annual. But it will take the heat down here. Purple Buddy. Purple Buddy. Its proper name is Gomphrena. How do you spell that? <SEP> G o m p h r e n a. Gomphrena. And is sold as Purple Buddy or sometimes sold as straw flower. And they make about a foot high plant. And they send out this spike that has this purple ball on the top of it. But that purple ball.
sw3052.txt:The topic is selecting care for the elderly. And I don't have elderly parents yet but not that far in the distant future. What about yourself? <SEP> My parents are both in their seventies. My mother and stepfather and my father and stepmother are all in their seventies. And my father and stepmother are not in very good health. So this is something that is. A concern of yours right now. It is. Are they living independently right now? <SEP> They are. They are. Have you looked at any homes for them or talked to them about that? <SEP> Not for them my mother and stepfather have set up an arrangement where they have a large home and two of my sisters and their families one of them's husband and then all the children are living in this home. It's got a lot of bedrooms and bathrooms. And they all share the same kitchen and dining room and den and kitchen. And my stepfather bought this thinking of a time when one or the other of them might need care. And they felt like that would be their alternative to a nursing home. That sounds the ultimate. Unless they were so ill that they needed nursing care that could not be given in the home. Even at that point most care can be given in the home. That sound like just an excellent solution. You must feel real good about that. <SEP> I felt good about it because that's my personal feeling also. I read a lot. And then I know people then have visited nursing homes and have had great grandparents in the nursing homes. And it was not a happy situation for any of them. And we have a very active nursing home here in Plano that has activities going all the time. And they have. Even the people that are wheelchair bound and really are incapacitated. Go and participate in olympics. And they make their crafts and sell them at a big fair that's held annually at a big mall here. <SEP> So there are a lot of activities going on all the time. And this is a nursing home. It's not a senior citizens home. So that the people are really. Really in need of a nursing home. They need the nursing care. <SEP> But it's a very expensive solution. It's. I think we just listen to the fact that there are good solutions both inside and outside of nursing homes. It's just a matter of finding a good home. <SEP> And then of course there is always the problem of being able to afford either of those solutions. And that is what is scary. And I also feel that that's where some of the bad images of nursing homes come from. Is when people have to put people in a nursing homes. And they really can not afford the best. <SEP> And that's right I took my husband one night to an emergency room when he was in an emergency situation. And they brought in a very elderly man from a nursing home who had apparently inhaled some chicken he was eating. And he apparently had not been in the home too long just a week or so. But when the family came in to see him they had not been made aware. I was in the room when the emergency technicians brought him in from the ambulance. And I overheard their conversation. And when the family walked in his wife and daughter and son-in-law they were not even aware of what had happened. <SEP> So I told them he strangled on some chicken. And the wife said he was not even supposed to be eating any food like that that would require chewing or so. And I thought. What a shame. They put him in the home so that he could be cared for. <SEP>. And then they could have done that well at home. And then she was upset. He had on two different shoes one of which was not even his. He had on a pair of slacks. <SEP> And the wife said `` these are not his slacks''. And she said `` I just took two pair over yesterday for him that were clean. ''. And. You hear these stories all the time. <SEP> This was just something that I witnessed to. You happened. <SEP> And at no point did anybody from the nursing home come in. And we were there in the same room with the man for a half hour. And with just a curtain between us and. <SEP> They revived the man and cleared out his airway and so forth. And he was definitely. Just by looking at him and the way he acted you could tell he was in need of nursing home care. But the family were all talking about putting him in another home. They said he will not go back to that one. I'm glad they have a solution. To do that. <SEP> I'm glad they the option. I know. I would hate to be in a position where that was all I could afford. And there was no choice. My ex-husband's grandmother had been in a nursing home now for seven eight years. And It's just her condition deteriorated instantly upon getting into that home. <SEP>. The situation is so sad because it just takes all the dignity away from people who have been independent all their lives. <SEP>. This was a really neat vital woman. And you get in a nursing home. And the first thing that happens you have to share your whole living space with someone that you have never known before in your life. <SEP> And I do not know what the answer is. But I do know that there are some wonderful places out there. And I think it does. A lot of it goes down to just money. And family support. That's right. If you have family that you can live with. <SEP> Visits everyday. I really. I think the way of selecting a nursing home would be similar to the way you would select child care. You would do your research. And you would go visit. <SEP> Visit. And hopefully they would have it so that you could go there anytime. Because if you could not go there anytime then that would make you a little bit su-. <SEP> Suspicious. I remember my grandmother many years ago when she was in a nursing home before she died. And I guess there was not a name for what she had at that time. But I guess Alzheimer's would come as close as anything. She really was not aware of what she was doing. <SEP> And I can remember she had several strokes. And the nursing home was right next to a hospital. And they would rush her to the hospital and revive her and just bring her back to the nursing home in a couple of days. And it was just like keeping something.
sw3367.txt:What? Do you want to start? You hit. It doesn't matter. We're discussing the capital punishment I believe. You are right. I suppose I should have. <SEP> Which. I am pro capital punishment except that I don't like the way it's done. I guess I hate to see anyone die. But I guess these people that go around and kill children and women and everything else without any remorse I don't think they deserve to live and be supported by us the rest of their lives. <SEP> I agree. I'm. Capital. The. Capital punishment is necessary in many cases. But the. It's not a deterrent or our jails would not be so full. There wouldn't be so many people in Death Row. I think it needs to be something a throwback to where they did a public execution where it's visible. <SEP> Something not gruesome. But something more where people know that it was a deterrent and it was equal for all people. If you committed a certain crime you were going to receive a death penalty. And it was going to happen to you. No stays of execution. No loopholes. No. And even that I don't really know if that would help. I think a lot of these people do it mainly because of T V. And a-. <SEP> Notoriety. The double reason ma- they see it being done on T V and also the fact of notoriety. They become well known. They are almost like a big star. But they know that their chances of actually receiving the death penalty are minimal. <SEP> They know that they will probably be out in ten to twelve years. That they are going to write a book. They are going to go on talk shows. They're goin-. That's a reward for a heinous crime rather than having them pay the penalty which is forfeiture of their life. <SEP> In complete. Of any notoriety. I think if they went according to the BIBLE where it does say an eye for an eye a tooth for a tooth a life for a life. <SEP>. You take a life you give yours. <SEP> That's for sure. There's exceptions to the rule. If it's an accidental taking then you look at that. But most of these people that down right go right and do it out of pure pleasure I don't like to see that. I guess also the fact that they say it's not a deterrent. It is a deterrent in the sense that that person will never do it again. <SEP> They will. Not if he's killed he can't do it again. It. <SEP> That's correct. Ye- if he indeed receives the death penalty and it is executed. The death penalty. <SEP>. But the chances are not great that that will happen. <SEP> But there's a greater chance that he'll be back out on the streets in twelve years. I guess I'm also looking at beyond even that. I guess I been thinking about it. And I don't have a definite opinion. But repeat crimes maybe not the more mild ones but more severe ones especially on armed robbery and stuff where they been taking from elderly people and not just taking the money but beating them half to death. <SEP> That's right. Just for pleasure too. And I guess you've got to look at something like that. <SEP> Do they deserve to remain on this earth too? You could carry it to that if they are a repeat offender. And you know that as soon as you let them out on the streets they are going to do this. Unfortunately the way our system of jurisprudence is set up you only receive the death penalty for capital crimes. <SEP> And of course of battery or assault or that is not a capital crime. You wouldn't be able to under our system. China and a few other countries have a little different view of that. You get caught with dope there and you die period. <SEP> There is no appeals. There is no.
sw3902.txt:. Why don't you start cause it said I was suppose to ask you what do you. Do you have any elderly relatives currently in an nursing home now? I do. <SEP> Do you? I have a grandmother. She's a hundred and two. She'll be a hundred and three in August. <SEP> And we decide not to put her in a nursing home. She lives with my mother and my father who also live here in town. And then my sister takes care of her. Even though she is a hundred and two she still has all of her faculties. <SEP> She still has her snap. She takes care of her own business. This is the first year that she has gotten weak and actually has to have a little walker. But with somebody that needs around the clock care. I have seen my family age. I have seen them in the. She's been there ten years now. And I have seen them age twenty in the time and with the expense and everything. <SEP> I still think it is worth it if you had a good nursing home. And they needed some quality care. I would put someone in a nursing home. My mother-in-law finally. They had to make a family decision. There's seven children in my husband's family. And fortunately four of them live in the same home town. And she has Alzheimer's. It was getting where she was getting dangerous. Letting strangers in and things like this. <SEP> But they were very fortunate. It's a small town. And she happens to room with one of the doctor's mothers. And then she's got a lot of family there and that go and see her all of the time. That's good. But she really doesn't. Nobody thought she would adjust. But she has adjusted beautifully. <SEP> That is great. But then I am also facing my father who is very sick. And my mother and father reside in Colorado. She's been taking care of him. I don't know how much longer this can last. And at that point because he requires round the clock. He can't do anything without her. He doesn't know when to take his medicine. And it's really sad. And I have thought if something would happen to my mother for. My brothers are not interested in helping me. So I would have to move him down here. That way. I want to see the nursing home. If I have to put him into one. Where I can go see it. I'd be very uncomfortable with him being in Colorado. And. I am sure you have got some really good nursing homes around Dallas. And some of them are limited care too where people can do. They have apartment styles. But that wouldn't work for him. I think he is beyond that. Where if you need help you can get it. But basically people kind of have a small apartment. And doctors are available if they need them. <SEP> I know a lady that lives in a place similar to that in Austin. And allows. <SEP> The only problem with these are that they are very expensive. Of course I guess all nursing homes there is. But. And the bad thing about it before you can get any kind of government help you have to be a pauper. <SEP> It takes every penny. They want you to spend every dime you have before the government will pay for your care. <SEP> And that's the sad part about it. I. And I think a lot of people who do it now. In Colorado it's interesting. I talked to my mother. They allow you sixty five thousand dollars and your car and your home. And my mother could make it on that. What she probably would do is disburse the money to me. And then I would send it back to her. So that's what would happen. I think that's what most people do. You just have to give everything away. It's unfortunate. <SEP> I work at a brokerage firm. And I have seen so many people that just have to gift their belongings as much as they can each year in anticipation of having to move to a nursing home. It's frightening. And I guess I don't know how old you are. I'm forty-six. We're the generation moving into this. And I don't know how our kids are going to take care of us. <SEP> I can't imagine. I'm twenty-nine. <SEP> And everybody in my family has always had. We don't have any children. Everybody that has has them later in life. My mother and my father are in their late sixties. So they're not that far away. <SEP> I also see on my generation a squeeze between looking to having to help my parents and still having to help my son because things are so rough out there job wise. And he's still living at home. And I don't know how he is ever going to get on his own the way things are. I know. And it's kind of. You feel squeezed in the middle of having both generations. But something will have to change as more and more of us get older. Luckily if we could be like your grandmother I would love to live to a hundred and two if I were okay. But you see these people in their seventies. <SEP> It. But. Most people aren't. Most aren't. That's the problem. <SEP> And that's the bad thing. I would hate to have lived so long. She lived by herself. My grandfather passed away before I was born so she lived by herself up until she was ninety ninety-one. And just did everything. That's incredible.
sw2015.txt:Have you ever gotten one of those calls that is either generated by a computer or somebody going down a list. And they're either offering a service. Or they're introducing some new product in the area. And normally when they call you're either in the shower. Or you're in the middle of cooking something. And you have to stop everything to run to the phone. Is that one that you're talking about. That was the big one I'm talking about. I work weird hours. And invariably just about the time I'm going to sleep the phone tears off the wall. <SEP> And you are trying to crawl out of a half unconscious sleep and answer the phone. As soon as you say hello you hear the click of the recording coming on. Or you hear somebody all ready starting reading off a list of stuff that they've read probably a thousand times that day already. <SEP> That's true. Or the ones that are generated by a computer. It's just a computer voice that comes on the line. Those are the ones that I really really hate too. I've even had some of them. They're voice activated. And you've got to say hello twice before they'll do anything. Sometimes I get them on my answering machine at home. And I hate that when I've got a whole bunch of messages. And I go through them. And most of them aren't from anybody at all. What I would love to see done to stop all of this. <SEP> We've got a thing in this country. You can have your phone number unlisted. And I think a law should be passed to where any of these people. I think it's great that freedom of speech in this country and everything. But if they're going to offer these services or these recorded message everything they ought to be stuck working with the phone book like everybody else instead of using a computer to go through and just go down every sequence of numbers for this certain area code and call them. <SEP> I have an unlisted telephone number. But I still get all of those calls. And then some of them are speaking in a foreign language that I don't even understand. So. I do. I really feel that's an invasion of my privacy. I agree with you on that particular subject there. Let me see. That's about that as far as any other everyday occurrences. I put a stop to some of them as far as the door to door either religious groups or people peddling products. If I wanted their products I would have either gone to the store to bought it. Or I would have called for their salesman to come out. That's true. Living in an apartment complex though you can't really stop those people from coming around even though they put up signs out front that says no solicitations. But they still come up to the front door and walk around. So usually what I do is I'll call the apartment manager and tell them there's people coming around. And they're trying to sell something. Or they're from a religious organization. And I really hate that. I really really do. I had somebody come to the door about two weeks ago. And it was about nine o'clock at night too. It wasn't even what I would consider family hours. Time to start going to bed. And it was somebody from the Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. And I've read a lot about that particular sect. And I don't particularly care for it. So I especially don't like for them to come up to my door and try and talk to me. I agree with their right to pursue their religion of choice in whatever manner they want to. But I think they should also respect the sanctity of the American home whether it be in a house or in an apartment. I'm on my turf. If I want them there I'll call for them. Otherwise I don't want to know they exist. <SEP> I agree with you there. If they want to choose that particular religion that's fine with me too as long as they don't try and pull me in and drag me in. And I don't like the way that they do it either. And it's their mission that they do it. They go door to door. And they go out into the public. And they actually have the teenagers serving two years in an army and two years in going around and doing missionary type work. And I don't know. I just don't particularly care for that at all. And that's one thing that I feel really strongly about though is people coming up to my door and especially religious organizations and wanting to try and get me to join or become interested in their religion. Because I have my own. The part about where you said the apartment complex puts up signs that says no soliciting. I've even gone so far as to put that. I've got a storm door on the front of the house. And I've put in. I don't know how much clearer it can be. It's a red sign with silver letters saying no soliciting. I guess I should make another one that says religious or otherwise cause I still get. That's true. I didn't go that far. But. I probably could do the same thing. I don't have a storm door. But I'm sure I could rig up something. But I don't think that that would stop people. It's like they see that word. And it says go instead of stop. I wonder if there would be some way we could get these people to do this get their names their addresses and their phone numbers. And then reverse it. And do. That would be technically illegal. It would be harassment. <SEP> But I consider an invasion of my privacy a harassment in itself. <SEP> That's true. That's true. What else? I believe we've pretty much summed everything up. I know. But I remember you talked about something. You started off and said. Let me think. You talked about the telephone calls and people coming and soliciting and selling things at the door. You said something else. I can't remember what it was. And I thought yeah. That kind of touched a nerve right there. But we got to talking about the people coming to you at the front door. I'm drawing a blank. <SEP> Is our five minutes up? Pretty close to it. Pretty close. I've enjoyed talking with you. <SEP> It was nice talking to you too Jim. And take it easy. Thanks.
sw3099.txt:What were you saying? Do you work around children when you work? Not at all. I work with computers. <SEP> With computers. They what. Do you ha-. One thing I. <SEP> But you have friends that have children. I have some friends that have children not that many actually. <SEP> What is child care like in New York? What is. I do not really know. Excuse me. Too much about child care in New York. Does the company you work for have child care on premises for employees? <SEP> Excuse me one second. Not at all. In fact my situation is a little bit strange. I was a student for many years and then graduated and went and worked in France for awhile. And I have just come back and was doing consulting work. <SEP>. So I am just taking a little bit of time off right now. <SEP> A sabbatical. And I might. I hope you can stay as long as possible with it. Hopefully I can do some consulting work at home. And if I can do that it will. <SEP> That would be wonderful. I'll be able to spend the time with my daughter and not have to worry too much about child care. But I might start to go crazy with it too. <SEP> It is a little. I miss the intellectual stimulation. But at the same time it would break my heart to give her to a stranger right now. And. <SEP> I think it does when they are real little. And they are changing every day. There's. And you just miss the little things. <SEP> And. I do not think I would put her in day care for joint situation right now unless it was one other child with a person. <SEP> I would not want her to be in a large day care situation so young. Because I think a little infant just does not get the stimulation they need. <SEP> That's right. Maybe if I needed to work part time four hours a day I might do that cause you should get enough stimulation from you the rest of the time. But I just think that when there's two year olds running around the care givers are going to pay attention to the two year olds. That's right. And only when the infant screams are they going to go there. <SEP> That's right. And if not the infant is going to lay in the crib all day and maybe have a mobile above it to play with. And I play with her most of the time she is awake. And I think that is so important. <SEP> It is important for the bonding that they do it with the mother. Such as things for learning gives the child stimulation I think is important. <SEP> And. Our oldest grandson when he was eighteen months old went into a Montessori day care system. <SEP> And they took infants starting at six weeks. And they have a program that was devised by this montessori person. And a certain type of stimulations. And there's times of day even when the child is awake that they lay quietly and look at certain things. They deliberately keep the room not real bright. And they have different things they will put them down on the floor. And of course they never have more than five. And they will put them down on the floor. And I think one of them was a little mirror. And some were just different objects that had a definite purpose for kids. <SEP> And there's something about their eyes. She's just been doing all kinds of stuff where she's. <SEP> How old is she? She's two months now nine weeks. And she's just drastically moving her eyes from one side to another and things like that. <SEP> And she's just started that yesterday or the day before. So every days are different. <SEP> And I think child care for infants is much harder than when they are older. And I will probably be going back to work around January whereas she will be about eight or nine months old. <SEP> A little older. And so I think she will be at a. I have heard it's a rough age to put them into a. It is because that's when they are clinging to mama. <SEP> So you might have a real problem with that. I think it hurts the parents to leave when the child is crying. But I think it. So it would be ideal if you could get somebody in so you are not really leaving the child in a strange place. We are just going to have to see how things work out. <SEP> But that's unusual. But I am trying to leave her a fair amount even at this young age with her grandparents just to go to a movie and things like that. So that she is used to other people taking care of her. <SEP> Is it your parents or your husband's parents? My parents. My husband's parents are in France. So it's a little bit harder. But during. She's met them already. Not that she will remember them. But she's met them. <SEP> That's nice when. I have three grandchildren. Another one coming in September. And I. If they were where I could not get my hands on them I am afraid I would probably go crazy. I like that. Are they all nearby? <SEP> But if you do not have to put them in child care that's an ideal situation for you is to stay with them. As. Or you can set up your work program and your husband's so that one of you is there all the time. That's wonderful for the child. But. If I work part time that might be doable. <SEP> And if you do decide to go with child care you really need to look at what your options are and look at what they offer. Drop in at times that are unexpected. The. Right now the situation is so tight at many places that it's even hard to have a choice. <SEP>. But since this is. People before they get pregnant are finding child care for the kids. <SEP> And I just find that incredible. And my sister-in-law is going to have a baby very very soon. And she is intending to stay home with the baby. And maybe do some free lance type work at home. And so if I go back to work on a part time basis I am hoping I can leave my daughter with her. Because my daughter will be about six months older than hers. <SEP> That would be wonderful. And. It will be a little rough when she is a very very little infant. <SEP> But when she is a month or so my sister-in-law has had lots and lots of experience dealing with baby-sitting for large families. And so she might be able to do it a couple of hours a day. And we might even be able to do it on a trade off basis. That I watch their baby when they want to go out to dinner or to movies or whatever or if she wants an afternoon off. Even if she wants an afternoon just to work. And not be bothered. <SEP>. <SEP>. We might be able to exchange that way. <SEP> And so we will just have to see how things work out. But ideally I think business should have the day care centers there whether it's the parents who take turns watching the kids or whether. I do too. They hire a couple of people. And parents come down to supervise or whatever. <SEP> Really well trained people. <SEP> And have some kind of real good program set up so that when you go you can be assured that if there's an emergency that person in charge knows C P R or first aid. And have some kind of program set up like you say to stimulate the kids or educate them in some manner. And have the right toys and the right setting and have an organized type of program set up so that the kids have a schedule. <SEP> That's real important to little kids. She's. My daughter does not seem to be on a real schedule yet. And it's probably my fault because I do not have a real schedule now. But. <SEP> They adjust to what the parents. She's been staying up late at night and sleeping late in the mornings and things is just fine by me. <SEP> We- you know that works until they start school. And that's a problem. Society is geared to a day person. And it's. I have another friend whose brother and his wife have done this. They stay up until all hours of the night.
sw2785.txt:. We're going to talk about our lawn and garden chores. Do you have either one? I don't do anything with the lawn really. But I do gardening both flowers and vegetable gardening. Do you. <SEP> I. We have enough property that we can have a little bit of a garden. And that's fun. Actually Wally's had one even when we haven't had big yard because we enjoy that. We love fresh vegetables in the summer. And it's just one of the things I enjoy doing. So do I. I had rather be outside than inside any day. <SEP> So would I. Do you work during the week outside the home? I do. <SEP> So I manage to fit in my gardening chores afterward. I work for a school system. So I'm able to do that because I get home a little earlier. And I can still do some sorts of things. But. Or you sneak out in the morning after daylight savings time starts and with your cup of coffee and see if it has grown overnight. <SEP> I unfortunately am not gardening this year. I love gardening. In fact I was prevented about thirty years ago with a life membership from the Richmond Virginia counsel of garden clubs. And it wasn't because I was so good. But I organized a very large garden club. But I still have. <SEP> That's wonderful. It's always something that seems so odd to me. But. But that's. And you really feel you can accomplish something. And to help other people too that's neat. It has really nothing to do with actual gardening or flower arranging or anything like that. <SEP> It was just that I happened to organize this group that was about seventy people. <SEP> That's wonderful. That. Isn't. That. Those numbers were great. But it. <SEP> I think it sounds good. I've never belonged to a garden club because I've always been more interested in just doing what I can do on my own. I've never had the time really to get involved in the organized sort of format. But I know people who do it and enjoy it very much. And actually I think that most women's garden clubs that I've been aware of in the past are only flowers. What I would like. We've spent the last twenty years in Oklahoma. Just moved to North Carolina. <SEP> And we were originally of course from this area from Virginia. But in North. In Oklahoma it's the men's garden clubs that I would have wanted to join. And you would have because they do all kinds of gardening and not just flowers like women do. <SEP>. There aren't men's gardening clubs in this area that I know of. They're women. And usually they're the tea type things where they have a little luncheon. And they do their thing. <SEP> But flowers are primarily the emphasis whereas I enjoy vegetable gardening almost more I do flowers sort of look pretty. I think so too. But I really like to do the vegetables. And I have spent the last ten years being a florist. <SEP> Being what? Being a florist. What a wonderful thing. It was nice. It was exhilarating for many years. <SEP> Many of those tanned until the last couple when we had such an economic slowdown. Tell me what's in your garden this year since I don't have one. <SEP> The flowers I'm just. In fact I was going to go out today to buy some plants so I could put them in. I always have geraniums. And then I have a shady area that I need to be concerned about not getting something that has to have sun. So I've discovered that impatiens that tried and true turns out to be about the best thing to use there along with coleus. Because they look pretty in my front garden. <SEP> But I like the vinca which is something I hadn't. They look sort of like impatiens. But they're not quite. And they're better for the sun areas. And of course mine are old theory ordinary flowers marigolds and that sort of thing. In my. Do you have trouble with red spider on marigolds? <SEP> I don't. Maybe it's. I don't know. Maybe this climate is a little better. <SEP> But in the vegetable garden we grow usually what. Our favorite is something called white half runner green beans. That's. Do you. Isn't that funny. So is my favorite. You know why because I grew up in North Carolina. <SEP> And that was my mother's favorite bean. She always grows five different varieties. But that's the kind that produces the best. I think it has the best flavor. <SEP> And they're wonderful. And I pick them when they're very young and have very little string and then just steam them a little bit. My mother picks them when they're fat. And she cooks them for an hour with some fat backs. I like them in between. And they're good both ways. I like them in between. <SEP> The flavor is better in between. In between the. Size wise. <SEP>. My mother. My mother doesn't think they have any flavor the way I cook them. And I know I love them. That's the yankee way. But I think that's another vegetable. <SEP> Of course. I love them that way just the thrill of. It is. They're two different vegetables that way. In fact my mother who is eighty-six years old canned over a hundred quarts of half runners last year. <SEP> My mother will be ninety this year. And she lives in western North Carolina. And she would do that if we didn't tell her that she'd better not. But she doesn't have that big a garden. But she has a bigger one than I do. Real-. <SEP> And I have four children. So. And she tends to it herself? Isn't that wonderful. <SEP> It is. It's great. It's really her joy. And I suppose that's why I enjoy gardening because growing up with it. I think so too. <SEP> We also grow yellow and green squash much to my children's chagrin. <SEP> And we grow a lot of tomatoes. There's just no replacement for fresh grown tomatoes. <SEP> So we enjoy that. We grow. I have been trying to grow watermelon and cantaloupe and get teased by my family. But I actually was successful for the last two years. So. I'm going to do it again. Bet you showed them. <SEP> That's right. And we grow broccoli. And I have been very happy about the new way of controlling the worm that gets in broccoli by using the Bacillus Thuringiansis which is the little. In fact that's what they use for gypsy moth. I don't know if you have had that problem there or not. <SEP> But it's a problem that's moving south from the New England area. And they devastate the trees. So the government sprays two three times in the spring when the caterpillars are coming along because what they do this bacillus the worms ingest it. And it expands in their digestive tract. And they die. <SEP> So that's the same technique that is for any of the other little varmints that get in vegetables. So it. That's really very nice because it's a non toxic way of handling the problem. We could really talk gardening a long time. I'm enjoying hearing you so much. It's nice hearing you talk. And I wish you good luck. Have you just recently moved to Charlotte? A-. October. <SEP> So that's not very long. So. Recently seven months. And it. The weather is wonderful. I love it. <SEP> That's great. That's great. It is just terrific. Rains a little too often. I hope you have an opportunity to garden again. I think so. I have a little spinach. <SEP>.
sw2729.txt:What kind of puppy you got? I think she's mostly German Shepherd. She was. A person lives across the street from me brought her home from work because a coworker of hers had this dog appear on its front doorstep. <SEP> Somebody abandoned her. And she's only six to eight weeks old. And I can't understand why anyone would abandon this dog though. <SEP> She's this young. And she's almost housebroken. She actually asks to go out. That's great. <SEP> And. I was amazed. Really good temperament and very playful and affectionate good personality. I don't know. I can't imagine what would have been wrong with this dog. So. I have a dog that God gave us too. <SEP> She just appeared. My husband calls her street dog. But we've had her now for about three years. <SEP> And I just. You get so attached to them. I had a. Last year I had another German Shepherd. This one was purebred. And he when he was about seven months old got a gastrointestinal virus and was just about on death's door. But managed to get him to a veterinarian in time. <SEP> And on huge doses of antibiotics he actually got over it with seven hundred dollars in vet bills. <SEP> But he actually was able to get him over that. And then he was gaining weight again was just getting healthy. And he put on about fifteen to twenty pounds after the thing. And then he got hit by a Cadillac. <SEP> So I couldn't believe it. That was really hard. And that was even harder for. I was on a business trip at the time. And the dog was being house sit or dog sit whatever by some friends of mine down the street. <SEP> So they just felt absolutely awful. I bet. And I felt probably worse for them than for me. Because this fellow's wife who was watching the dog she loved that dog more than I did. And. She was really attached to it. <SEP> But it's unfortunate. But now I've got another one. So. How long has it been since the first one? It was just over a year. <SEP> It was in March of last year. So. It'd been didn't have one for a whole year. I had a German Shepherd before this one. And when she died it just absolutely destroyed me. I was just. I couldn't even talk about it for months. And so I decided that's it. I'm not going to do this anymore. <SEP> And then God gave me this dog. So. My dad's like that. He had a beagle that he loved. And when that beagle passed away he wasn't going to have another dog. There's no way. <SEP> And then the beagle died in about October. And by Christmas time we went down to the pound and got him Humane Society and got another one a stray. And she turned out to be a great dog. And we had her for six years until she just passed away recently. And again dad went through the whole thing. But mom went an. <SEP> You just do. You can't help. It's like a kid. <SEP> It is. Hopefully this one here Cocoa will live a full life. When. My doggie that we have now she's mostly Golden Retriever. The vet called her a golden mix. <SEP> Who knows. But she's that sort of strawberry blonde reddish color. <SEP> And her nose is that pink. She doesn't have a brown nose. And she's sort of unicolor eyes are the same color and everything. <SEP> So. I named her Rosebud. And a friend of mine said that she gre-. This friend of mine grew up on a farm and said that she had a pet cow named Rosebud. And she said there's a lot of longevity in that name. Said my cow lived seventeen years. <SEP> That's not too bad. The Golden Retrievers are good dogs too. They kind of get that permanent smile to them. They're always always happy. I don't think I've ever seen them not look happy. And she's so easy going and so sociable. <SEP> She loves everybody. And little kids can just maul all over her. And she just thinks it's great. <SEP> This friend of mine has th-. It's the same guy that was watching my German Shepherd when he got hit. But went fishing with him on Friday and took. He's got a pure bred Golden Retriever. And then I had the puppy a little tiny puppy. And we went and took the two dogs up fishing. And this. They had a ball romping around. And you can't get a Golden Retriever near water without it jumping in. Getting in. <SEP> And this Golden Retriever jumped in the really fast moving river current. And. Actually he had no trouble at all. He first jumped in. And I. He's just about a year old himself and never had really. I don't think he'd swum before. <SEP> But he jumped in the river. Did puppy go to? The puppy jumped into some of the pools but not into the. I was careful to keep her away from the fast moving water. That's good. <SEP> 'cause if she fell in then I'd of had to go in after her. And up here the water's probably about forty degrees right now. <SEP> And I would not have been fun trying to retrieve her. But this dog Dennis jumped in and got this look on his face like what do I do now as he's floating down the river then finally discovered that he could swim and actually paddled up against the current and made it back to the shore and climbed up. And then he jumped in again. And he was swimming for quite a bit all afternoon. He loved it. <SEP> Cocoa didn't think too much of it though. She jumped in and then started screaming and made me pull her back out. I pulled her out and then had to wrap her up in a sweatshirt because she was shivering so bad. <SEP> But she got over it. So. The German Shepherd that I had before. We had a little pool. And she did not want any part of swimming. But she liked to get in the pool on the first step. She'd just get on the first step and lay down. In the summertime when it's really really hot. <SEP>. And she'd just lay there on that step and just cool off. <SEP> I live right across the street from a big lake here. It's on Oneida lake. And I'm wondering if she'll want to go out there and go swimming next year. I've got. The yard's all fenced in. So she doesn't run loose. But she could go in sometime if I'm watching her. So. The one that we had just didn't want any part of that. <SEP> And she. Baths. She hated baths worse than anything. It was just really a fight to get her clean. Have you seen CANINE. The movie. <SEP> You've got to see it. Especially since you have a German. It is so cute. An part of the movie is where he's trying to clean this dog up. And it's just hysterical. <SEP> My dog last German Shepherd it was a real chore trying to give him a bath too. And that was the thing I couldn't figure out. Because he would go in the lake. It wasn't like he didn't. I-. Normally he didn't seem to have a problem with getting wet. But if you wanted to get him wet forget it. That's how Cleo w-. She'd lay on her step. <SEP> But that was the only time she wanted to get wet. And she didn't want you getting her wet. Obstinate. Obstinate. But you really need to see that movie. We bought the movie. And I don't know how many times I've seen it. <SEP> And it came on T V the other night. And I was watching it again. And my husband heard me laughing. And he said I can't believe that you're still getting such a kick out of that movie. I'll have to check it out. I saw the previews for it and all. And it did look like it'd be a good movie. But. It is great. <SEP> Really haven't had a whole lot of time to get out to see the movies lately. But I got to do more fun things. We always wait until we can rent them. <SEP> I'm a second lieutenant in the Air Force. And so I travel a lot. And. I'm a engineer at the Rolm Laboratory Griffis Air Force Base up here. So. <SEP> That's how I got into the switchboard project and all that. So. But it's nice having a dog here. The. There's just. <SEP> Un- un-. What's the word I'm looking for lots of affection unconditional affection from the dog. That's it. <SEP> Not critical at all. They're really wonderful. <SEP> It's been nice talking to you. We seem to be degenerating here. So.
sw2145.txt:You want to start? I guess I would first identify myself as middle aged. And therefore having seen the last generation I guess it gives me a perspective on that. <SEP> I am quite positive on the things that I have seen happen recently relative to women both in society and in the work place. There's no doubt about the fact that when I was first graduated from college the impression was that a woman's career would consist of a childbearing years and perhaps a return to the office but not necessarily. Now I think the change that I've seen as much as anything is one where couples are more carefully planning their intention on how to both share homemaking duties and also how women will have their children and then deliberately sort of plan how they go back to the work place. <SEP> And I guess that's a significant change that I've both participated in and noticed. I agree. The equality of the roles now between the sexes has been dramatically demonstrated with this war especially compared with the Vietnam war. And you see women going off to wars as well as men. I have wondered why they allowed or let both the father and mother go. And the children are left without either parent. To me that's kind of a drawback. But I guess it's a price you pay. And I also wonder about the children that are being brought up in the day care centers. <SEP> Wonder about them in what way? From what I understand there's been studies that these children are more rebellious. They term it as more creative. But that they are much more contentious. So I guess we'll have to see another generation to see what differences a child being brought up in kind of a community rather than a home. <SEP> I have not to be honest had much experience with children in that situation. <SEP> I guess one knows one's own storly. And I know in my children's case it was one where pretty much up until the older of two was basically starting junior high. And the younger was in fifth grade when my wife reentered the work force. So they. <SEP> So I guess my experience is just with what we did. And so they didn't really go through the child care route. They were able to be home together. And we never actually experienced that. In terms of changes relative to women in the work place and the potential changes over the next generation or so I guess I anticipate an increasing equality greater presence of women in management roles. <SEP> I don't know whether there will be an increased amount of surrogacy that we see. I just don't know. What do you mean? Deliberate childbirth by surrogate mother. <SEP> Sort of rent-a-mom. Not to be crass about it but whether one might conceive of the possibility that there might be a kind of a professional mother person. For instance that. That's strange. <SEP> A nanny sort of? <SEP> And I could envision a society where that would happen and make an interesting story or whatever. <SEP> I don't think I have a philosophical problem with that. In fact I think it sort of raises nurturing and being a mother to what it ought to be which is a respected profession. That's right. That's right. I don't have other than a reading and male perspective on the biological urges involved relative to being a mother or not. My sense is that I have very much an interest and had one in being a parent. I don't know that I felt myself necessarily encumbered with the necessity to have heirs. <SEP> I don't have boys. That didn't bother me. Never has. Vision more women deliberately raising children either in surrogacy or as a professional nanny as you put it. Maybe we'll see a growth in that where someone makes a career out of taking care of five or six children as opposed to day care. <SEP> It would be a sort of day care. But it would be more of a family setting. I know that there are young people characterized as being half my age. In my work place who are both of them earning rather decent professional salaries who probably would consider paying a woman eight or nine or ten thousand dollars a year to take care of their child. <SEP> To come in and live with them? I could easily envision that. To come in and live with them? <SEP> Or to put their child into a home setting where they would leave at eight in the morning and drop a two year old off in a home where you knew there were going to be four other kids. And you were paying for really high quality care. <SEP> I have acquaintances of mine where I know that they are paying figures on the order of what I quoted to someone because that's the experience they want. And I would imagine if there are more of people like that with an opportunity that's a possibility of a change that we could see in the next few years. <SEP> And then you might have more control over the morals that they would be taught rather than in a classroom or a day care center. I know the day care centers are not cheap either. They're. <SEP> I haven't ever really looked at them. Are you aware at all of what they cost? I know several single mothers who absolutely can't afford it. They have to go with a baby-sitter more or less. <SEP> But I think it's about sixty dollars a week for two children if I'm not mistaken. And you have to pay that whether you're on vacation and taking care of the children or if the children are at home sick. <SEP> That is just a rate that you have to pay. And. What do you envision for the next twenty years as far as women in American society? I think I really don't have a vision. <SEP> That's okay too. I think that they will be more in the work place because the door's open. And it's just human nature to walk through an open door. And I would be glad to see that. I hope I don't see a lot more single moms. But it seems in my experience I'm running across single women all the time. <SEP> I'm noticing that too. And I notice a terming emerging called solo parents that I'm very aware of the number of solo mothers that I encounter in the work place. <SEP> And that is a little troublesome. Because the pressures on them are rather formidable. It's awful. <SEP> And maybe that's a change we'll see. Maybe the possibility of women who deliberately say. We'll let the man take care of the children perhaps in the event of a separation or whatever. <SEP> I think we've done it. <SEP> I think we're about done. Thank you very much. It's been interesting. <SEP> You take care.
sw2370.txt:You take this subject much more personally than I do I suppose. I suppose I do because I've seen a lot of those changes the changes that women have had in not even the last generation the last fifteen years twenty years going from. <SEP> Take it back thirty years. I'm going back too far from my parents' generation when mom stayed home period. And there was no such thing as a job or any hope of a job unless. If you were educated you might teach for a year or two before you got married. <SEP> And if you really pushed it you taught until you had kids or something. If you were a teacher. Then that was it until the kids were little. You weren't supposed to want a job. <SEP> There's not supposed to be any reason to use this education or this brain that you might have for anything other than your house and your children and how clean can the bathroom floors be on any given day. And then of course today it's supposed to be all the other way. You're supposed to only want the job. And your kids should be totally happy in day care because everybody else goes to day care. <SEP> And we have these wonderful people who are totally prepared to teach your child everything they need to know in day care. But a really good day care is probably going to cost more than you're going to make at the job. <SEP> And we'll see how the generations go. I. At least for a lot of women depending on what she did. <SEP> I was mechanical engineer with T I. And I did it for six years. And for one. I had one while I was pregnant. And then one while my oldest was a year old. And it just drove me crazy. Did you. I could not do either well enou-. I couldn't put in enough overtime that was necess- or things that would come up at work that would require me to stay late or to come in early or to do something on Saturdays as is needed because my husband for a long time was out of the country also with work for three months. <SEP> And. So it was you and the kid. And your work schedule is. <SEP> That's the thing. Maybe if you get along. For example if you'd been a technician instead of an engineer. The technicians work the eight to five job and know when they're going to be there. Might have been better. <SEP> But if you're going to be more professional oriented then to be able to perform well on the job. You've got to have the flexibility that doesn't really go with the family. And so it was. In my case I just decided that as long as my kids were little I would be better off at home with them instead of driving myself crazy trying to do everything at once. So you figure one of these days you're going to go back to being an engineer? Is that what you're saying? <SEP> Actually I've found out that I'm not going to go back to being an engineer. What will you. I'm a photographer now. You've found something else. <SEP> I have branched out. I was a photographer before. But when I went to college I felt like I couldn't support myself if I decided to be a photographer that it would just have to be a hobby. And I'm very mechanical. And mechanical engineering interested me. So I did that. And then I did that for six years. And then I stayed home with my son and did nothing. And found out that it was great. <SEP> But I was bored part of the time too. And I wanted something else to do. You figure there's got to be more to life than sitting here playing with this child. It's great while they're really little. But as they get older and they're more independent and there's things to do then it's good for them to go to different. <SEP> He goes to a mother's day out program now once a week. Both of my kids do. And so they get the socialization with other kids and not really school but a different authority than mom once in a while kind of learning how to deal with society. And they need that to be able to relate to other people besides the same person every day. I think they do too. <SEP> And I need it for the break. That's the other thing. They talk about women leaving the home and going out to work. Still taking care of the children is a very important job. And someone's got to do it and be able to do it right. And if it's not mom then dad or somebody's got to move in there and do the job because the kids really need it. <SEP> And enjoy it. That's the whole thing. <SEP> I think that's the thing that we're going to see. I think the biggest thing we're going to see coming up in the next ten year is that there's going to be a lot of women. And they're going to have to work it out to working part time. Because if I had been allowed to work maybe thirty hours a week instead of fifty hours a week I might still be working basically full time or part time if there had been some way to work it out. <SEP> Because I liked my job really well. But I was just pulled in so many different directions. It was just driving me crazy. And now with the photography it's working. That's what I'm doing is working part time because I can put my kids in a day care situation for a few hours in the week and use those hours to do. <SEP> The thing that I'm doing is taking school pictures in day cares and in Mother's Day Out programs and also soccer teams and different stuff like that. <SEP> So my kids can be in day care for a few hours a week. Or my husband when he's at home can take care of them. So jobs have to become more flexible. <SEP> I think they're really going to have to and not just for mothers for fathers as well. It's going to have to be both. So that's another thing that has to adapt is the father's attitudes about whose job is this. <SEP> It's his job too. And I. To me the only important issue is the children. Because as far as housework goes men can do housework just as easily as women. And thanks to a lot of new inventions housework doesn't take as much time as it used to. So. It's just convincing your husband that that's important or that it's important enough for him to do it. Conv-. Just. Con. <SEP> Because if he saw mom doing only that all the time he was growing up then it's hard to think of it that I should do it or just to think about doing it rather than having someone tell him to do it. <SEP> And you. <SEP> You talk. <SEP> I know that was a big thing in our house for a long time was that if I wanted my husband to do something to help and even though we were both working the same number of hours and doing things I had to come in there specifically and say this needs to be done. <SEP> This is what you do it now. And a man might say out loud I understand this. And I agree. But still he was raised with a mom taking care of him. And. And that's a very hard attitude to change. <SEP> And it's just they don't look at things. Most of the men don't walk into the kitchen and see that the dishes are there and that you probably ought to unload the dishwasher and load the new ones in and run it. They just scoot it on another spot on the sink and put the next plate down and in a while get around to it. And I think most women walk in and with Oh got to clean all this up. Got to get this out and this in and this taken care of instead of having someone say this is the time this needs to be done. <SEP> But. And a lot of that is how it was drilled into you when you were a kid. Which brings us back to the idea someone's got to be there taking care of the kids to drill in the right ideas to so that they know that male and female are both responsible for doing this. <SEP> That's right. <SEP>. And. <SEP> And I think that's going to show up a lot more now in the next generation of boys and girls. The boys in this next generation are not going to have to be told as much this needs to be done because mom was there saying that dad is there. <SEP> They were both working at whatever things needed to be done. <SEP> They're going to say to the kids you need do this because it needs to be done not because it's a woman's job or a man's job but because it's dirty and it needs to be clean. <SEP> But I think in between we got a generation of kids who didn't learn to take responsibility because mom left to go get a job and dad didn't move in to fill the gap. And so basically no one was taking the responsibility. <SEP> And It's going to. And I think that's happened in a lot of cases. Some kids are really having it. If they'd been in day care the entire time and it wasn't. The ones that are now getting to be teenagers and young college. Some time day care is really good. <SEP> But sometimes it's baby-sitting. It's someone keeping an eye on the kids. But the kids are basically doing what they want and not really having any relationship with the adults to say here's what's right. <SEP> And here's what wrong. And here's what we expect of you. I think that was one of the main reasons that I quit was because I wanted my kids to have my values. And I felt like when they were young that was the time to instill it. That it could be added to and strengthened as they grew older but when they were little. <SEP> This is the way I feel about this. And this is the way because that. If you teach them when they're little the way you want them to be and the things that are important to you then you add onto it as they get older. But if no one does anything when they're little then it's twice as hard as they get older. I'm saying this as I'm trying to keep my nine month old from trashing something. <SEP> I understand. I wait until I put mine in bed before I make my calls. She's usually in bed by this time. But she's staying up late tonight. But. I want to have a relationship with her. My dad was a very traditional dad. And when I was a child I didn't really know my dad very well. And I miss that. And I want. That's the thing. Like we said if women's roles change drastically men's roles will too. But men have to be convinced of that. <SEP> And a lot of it's for the better. Some of the women's roles are almost for the worse because we're losing out on some things going back to work. But I think if we can expand the men's roles at the same time like you're taking care of your child and your dad probably didn't very often. I know mine almost never did.
sw3325.txt:Do you have a pet? I have two cats. And do and two fish. Two cats. You're lucky. <SEP> Your two fish. And what do you have? My husband. You know how sometimes when you marry someone that you get along on everything except one major thing. <SEP> My husband is a hunter fisherman outdoorsman Marlboro type person who had to have a sporting dog. So we have a black Labrador. Beautiful gorgeous black Labrador. But to me he belongs up in the farm. <SEP> Does he sleep in your house? And. Because we finally negotiated that I was losing my mind he sleeps in the laundry room. And then he goes out for the day. But this is a beautiful dog. And he is wonderful with our little girls. And he's comes from a purebred line. And there's nothing you could say bad about him except that I was more of a cat or a small dog person that you could sit in the chair and cuddle. <SEP>. And this is huge. Course when he runs around the yard he just digs. He doesn't know that he's tearing up things. But he does. <SEP> And the worst part that I had with him was when he was about eight months old. And I did not know what to expect from a dog having not had one. And I left him in the kitchen with the little baby gates up while I was gone for about an hour. And I came home. And he had ripped my wallpaper off my wall. <SEP> And it was in the floor. And I just about lost it. And I called. And I said come home and get your dog. And so he said puppies just chew when they're nervous and I wish you had told me. And it was about eight months later he ate a piece of the linoleum. He kept picking at it. And I didn't kn-. The tile in the kitchen and picked a hole in it. So the last thing he did was when I had sat out a whole lot of begonias in the backyard and he dug them all up and brought them to the porch. And I told my husband. I said it's either me or the dog. And he looked at me. <SEP> He loves this dog. And every night when he comes home from work he hugs it and talks to him. And he's a good dog. So it's one of those things I'm just having to get used to. And that's why I laughed when they called with the topic. I thought do I have a pet. But I grew up with cats. And I'm very comfortable. <SEP> I love my cats. I had one cat for eighteen years. I got her when I lived in Hawaii. <SEP> Before I even got married I had my cat. She's old. I had to have her put to sleep last June. Isn't she? <SEP> I started to say. Then you broke your heart. <SEP> It was awful. It was just awful. And she just sat there on my lap. <SEP> She just waited. And. Bless your heart. It was awful. That makes me feel so bad. <SEP> But her hair. But the bad thing was though she would pee in my husband's shoes. And she just liked his shoes. And he'd have these hundred dollar shoes. <SEP> It was just bad. <SEP> And my closet. And it was something. That's awful. I never heard of that before. It was terrible. And once she did it then she wouldn't. If our shoes sat side by side she would pee in my husband's shoes. <SEP> She must have known he didn't like her or something. Or the smell or something. I. And I would bar the closet doors and would clean the carpets. <SEP> And. It was just awful. Does your cat sleep in the house? <SEP> That was very funny. They are house cats. I have two cats right now. <SEP> And of course. They sleep with my kids. My fourteen year old son has an extra pillow on his bed just for the cat. <SEP> But the cat doesn't destruct does it? It doesn't do anything. I'm not going to have a dog. <SEP> We've had two dogs. And they both got ran over. After we had them for several years just nice little outside dogs. But. <SEP> Were just my kids' friends. They would go with me when I would go running. And the last one got hit as she was following one of my sons across the road to the school. <SEP> It was awful. It was just. That is. And it's too heartbreaking. But they do dig up. And they just wreck things. And I'm not a dog person. They do wreck things. <SEP> I'm not either. I'm not either. And it's just been. <SEP> I wouldn't want a Lab. It sounds beautiful. But. He's beautiful. But it's just one of those concessions I just had to make. <SEP> But I kind of ignore him. Today's the first cold we've had in Texas. And it's really cold and drizzly. And it's freezing. And people are doing their fires. And I brought him in because he's just a wet mess out there. And he's in the laundry room with this little carpet square. And he's just huddled up like if you'll be nice to me I won't make any trouble. <SEP> And then my daughters both have hamsters. And I. <SEP> And how old are your girls? They're eleven and eight. And I gave in at Christmas. And they keep their cages real clean. It always smells of cedar. And they just sleep and eat bits of apple and carrots and. <SEP> I think they're cutting us off. That's. <SEP> Somebody's trying to cut in on my line. And I don't want to answer. I'll just wait. <SEP> I've got incoming calls. And I don't know why -body's calling. I hate to cut it off. I think they would cut us off. I understand. <SEP> So we'll just wait. Whoever it is will call back. They'll cut us off pretty soon. <SEP> It's somebody calling for my kids. I know. Actually it's my son. I know it is. <SEP> My older boy. He never likes to come home from school. Anyway that's what we have. And I've tried to start a fish tank. How does. And I keep losing all my fish. In the salt water? <SEP> Salt water or. <SEP> Just regular water.
sw3268.txt:The types of vacations that I usually take. I usually come back more tired after my vacation then I do before I take it. I need to definitely take a vacation where all I do is rest. And I guess to do that I'd probably have to take it at home. <SEP> But the vacation spots that I like to go to are places like the Bahamas and Florida. I enjoy the beach. After our last summer's vacation I am antibeach. Antibeach. <SEP> We went to Cape Hatteras. We were out visiting one of our kids in Maryland. And we went down to Cape Hatteras for a few days. <SEP> And the waves were huge. I've never quite seen waves like this one. And I was standing in water not more than barely above my ankles. <SEP> And when the waves go in the waves go out they kind of all of a sudden you're in sand above your ankles. And I was standing there talking to my daughter. And this really big wave came and totally threw me. And one foot did not come out of the sand. And it tore the ligaments in my knee. <SEP> So I'm never going to another beach again ever. I'm ma-. You might be like I am. I enjoy going to the beach and to beach areas. But I really don't like to get in the ocean. I prefer a swimming pool. I love to go and play around. At least I always did although actually I like the mountains. I don't really like hot weather. <SEP> That's my biggest gripe about living here. And I basically don't want to go to a hot place on vacation. I can understand that. <SEP> My dream vacation is Alaska. This is just someplace I've always wanted to go. That would be nice. <SEP> And someday we can afford to just take a humdinger of a vacation up there. I know I've taken several vacations to Colorado. And I used to live in Colorado sometime ago for a couple of years. And I really enjoyed that. I'd like that. I haven't been to Yellowstone for a long long time. <SEP> And we've been talking about going there next summer. I don't know we'll have to. I've never been up to the Yellowstone area. So. It's been a long time. But it seems when your family is different places a lot of trips involved going to visit. That's right. That's right. You got that. <SEP> I'm. We usually go up to Wisconsin at least once a year because this is where my husband and I are both from. And my mother and his mother live up there feeling lost and alone because we moved down here. <SEP> And we've got one of our kids lives out on the east coast. And so we have to go to those. You have a lot of vacation areas you can go to then. <SEP> I know. But I'm tired of them. I want to go someplace different up there. That's right. <SEP> My idea of the ideal vacation would be to begin with money be no object. So just absolutely first class fly where I want to rent a car if I want to. And not worry if somebody says let's take this little side trip and not have to sit there and figure out again we fit that in there or not. <SEP>. <SEP> And that's what I would like to do. I have no interest for example in taking a cruise. To me why somebody would want to ride around on a boat for a few days is mind boggling. It would be sort of. I feel like it would be confining. <SEP> I would much rather get on a plane and get there and then enjoy myself. <SEP> I just. That does absolutely nothing for me. But I don't know. I can say that I think my favorite spots are still to go where there's mountains and a lot of trees and wildlife to view. And I like that kind of stuff. I could just sit there all day and look at the scenery. <SEP> I agree. I can do that too. And I think if I had the money I would probably go to Europe every year. Because I think that they have it all over there in two miles. <SEP> There's mountains. And there's beaches. And it's all right there. So. <SEP> I guess I've never really thought about it that way. Our. We have a daughter who's almost thirteen. But she's a very picky eater. And our standard excuse for not going someplace like that is Holly would starve to death if we took her into the country. <SEP> But I would like if it was anywhere in the world to go. I would like to go to Africa.
sw3085.txt:. I. My children as a matter of fact are all grown now. So I am assisting them with their children in their selections. <SEP> So. My children are grown. But they're teenagers. <SEP> So I have three children ages fifteen seventeen and twenty. And I guess about when the youngest one was in kindergarten I started working at a preschool and doing some work. <SEP> And then I took a couple of years off and then went back as a music teacher in a preschool. So I am in the child care environment. <SEP> So. I myself really feel like the structured day care program is more successful in today's environment than the one on one care is. <SEP> When my children were growing up up and until they were in the preschool situation I had them in a home with a lady who kept two or three kids. And I felt like that home environment was very important to them. It was important to me. <SEP> And I feel that they had that one on one that's so necessary at that age. It is. <SEP> However in today's environment it may be more critical to have the ability to interact in large groups simply because that's the way our young people are dealt with. <SEP> In other words there're more people. They're dealt with in packages. <SEP> That's an interesting point of view. I. Seeing the children in the school the way I do we can always tell the ones that have not been around children at all when they come in as three year olds as opposed to the ones that have been in the program that started at twelve months maybe and were even in there one day a week which is all our school provides for the under three year olds. <SEP>. <SEP>. <SEP> But still they have an opportunity to be with other children. And it is true. But as far as looking for a place I think it's very important to have very caring people to take care of the. <SEP> Without a doubt. In a school if you're going to have the structure and you're going to have the large numbers you're going to need really. <SEP> I recently stopped by McDonalds. And I was sitting out in their little playground while my granddaughter was playing on the things and was visiting with another mother who was there with her children. And she was telling me that she was given the opportunity to manage a day care center. And of course she had just gotten her degree. And she was so enthusiastic. And she was excited about it. And she was going to accomplish all of these things. <SEP> However when it came to hiring and staffing people who cared and who were willing to take care of those children and spend that kind of time the pay is minimal. It is. And it takes people with total and complete dedication who really don't want to make a living for themselves in order to be in that environment. That's right. That maybe. <SEP> That maybe have another salary in their family where they can do that. And that's what I had the opportunity of doing. <SEP> And I could concentrate on the creativity and really having a lot of fun with the children and providing them with a great atmosphere. <SEP> They ask so much of those caretakers for the amount that they pay. <SEP> They are to be there ahead of time. They're there early to receive the kids. And they have to be there at sometimes six o'clock in the morning. That's right. Which is. <SEP> And then they have to work until the place closes at six P M. And then it's their responsibility to clean up and be prepared for the next day because they don't have cleaning crews in most of those. That's true. That's true. <SEP> And she just had a terrible time keeping sincerely dedicated people simply because they could not live with a kind of hours and the salary. And she. Because people can't pay to provide and. <SEP> Ours is a church. And so we don't have the expenses of a building. <SEP> We share the expense with the church. But we don't have enough. Taking care of a whole building and that responsibility. <SEP> So it is a lot different. I know that when my youngsters were small. My older son was adopted. So he went into child care at two weeks. <SEP> And my younger son went into child care at six weeks. So they were in that environment actually up until they became seven and nine. <SEP> And at that point I said they have been given the custodial care that they need. And the after hours care has been as good a quality as I can provide for them. However they're going out into the school environment now. They're under a lot of other influences. I need to be here for them. I need to be involved in their school because I want to be the one who influences the way they develop. So I quit working after my kids started to school and got involved in volunteer work in their private school so that I could help direct their learning experiences and their development. You did? <SEP>. <SEP> I felt that anybody who cared and loved the kids could change their diapers and feed them and bathe them and hold them. <SEP> But when time came to direct their ability to make choices to develop the kinds of things that they're going to need to interact with other people I felt like I needed some strong influence there. <SEP> So I di-. Well that's different than most people do it. A lot of people do it really the reverse and go to work after the children are in school. I know. <SEP> That's right. Once they get up in sch-. <SEP> But. I just felt very strongly about that. And I did not work as a matter of fact. My son was in the second grade. And when he started at Skyline High School I asked him Son where do I go to sign up for the P T A? And he said Mom don't do that to me. <SEP> Don't do that to me. So I knew it was time to go back to work. But I feel very good about spending those years with my boys. <SEP> That's true. And I was just really grateful I only had one bad child care experience. It was in a home. The care taker that they had had since they were infants just could not do it. She was from Argentina. <SEP> And she was going back home. And I couldn't just wait for three or four months and then bring them back to her. So I had to find a new place. <SEP> And I put them in this home. The kids cried when I took them. I could hear the kids crying when I went to pick them up. They were always cranky and irritable. <SEP> So I just took off and went there one day. And the children were left unattended in a room. They were not well cared for. How awful. So it didn't take me long to take them out of that place. <SEP> But that's the only bad experience I had. The rest of the time they stayed in La Petite Academy. <SEP> And I was very pleased with their development and their progress. They learned a lot of things in those public environments that you just as soon they didn't learn. But they're going to learn it sometime. For the most part they did have good care. <SEP> And it did appear to me that the people who cared for them had a good concern for them. And in one particular case they had a summer program where they were to be taken to the Y and taught to swim which just pleased me to death because I've always been afraid of the water. <SEP> However my older son came home. And he said Mom I don't like that man. Said he took me by the head and dunked my head under the water and told me I had to get my face wet or I'd never swim. <SEP> It didn't take me very long to hot foot it over to the school and relay that to them. <SEP> And Well she said kids do exaggerate. But she said let's go ahead and send him another day or two days. And I promise you faithfully I will watch the instructor every minute and see exactly what's happening.
sw2628.txt:What do you think about it? The roles have definitely changed in the last generation or so. <SEP> I think a lot of it has to do with women working. I do too. I think it's going to. In the future I think all women are going to work. They may let you off for a day or two to have your baby. But that will be it. <SEP> Or either they'll have a computer at home and in the hospital where you just continue right on with your work. It really is coming to that because most women now days can not afford the time that they could take off unless the company pays them. <SEP> They can't even afford to take off to have children it seems like. And it seems if you're going to have kids that society has decided for you how many you can really have and make it. <SEP> Because if you have two if you go to work you're just working to pay for day care two or three. I was real lucky because my husband had a good enough job where when I had them and when they were small until my youngest got in junior high I didn't have to work. <SEP> That is good. I didn't work. I needed to. But I didn't. <SEP> Steve has a sister who has four. She just had her fourth one in March. And she doesn't have to work either. I don't know how they do it. I don't know how people do it with one. Obviousl-. Let me tell you you go without a lot of things that you wo-. Obviously we don't have any. And I think that's part of the role reversal is it's okay to get married and not have kids. <SEP> And I think society for such a long time said you're married now you need to have your family. And I don't think it's been until recently that they had decided that two people was a family. And. It's getting where if you're going to give your kids any kind of education and stuff you can't hardly afford to have over two. <SEP> And it's hard with two. We. My youngest one. I have two. I have a son and a daughter. And my youngest one is going to be graduating from college soon. And if I had a third one I just don't know where it would come from. <SEP> Yea-. Because I work now. I work full time. And it. When you put them through college it just takes just about everything you got. <SEP> They get loans and grants and scholarships and stuff like that. That helps out. But still it cost a lot. Just the cost of living and loans don't pay for groceries and stuff. And cars and all their books. And the books are outrageous. Absolutely outrageous. <SEP> I know. I know. And they're getting worse. My daughter brought home a book the other day that she was going to have to have for one of her next classes. And it was ninety-six dollars. And this book is a little bitty skinny book. <SEP> I said is it lined in gold. But it's getting worse. And if I'd of probably had three or four children I don't see how we could have made it without me working. <SEP> But that's probably because if you had three you would say if I'd of had four. I guess it's always not being able to picture one more. But in essence you probably would have worked out fine. But I think I would have had to work. If I'd of had that many I'd of had to work in order for my kids to. Even though he brings in a real good living and everything in order for me to keep up I would have had to work. <SEP> But I think it's getting more and more like when you have one child that's it. Then you go to work. And you work. <SEP> Because if you have two or three kids by the way the inflation's going I think a woman's always going to have to work. And it's just going to be an accepted thing. There isn't going to be any of this very few people will ever stay home. And that's all right with me because I don't want to stay home. <SEP> I think I'm just part of the new stuff that is just. I think I would just go nuts sitting at home all day long. I can't imagine how I did because now I work all the time. And I work all week. And I can't imagine how I stayed home. <SEP> I think to myself what did I do. And I think it revolutionized where a woman thinks that a way just like. My daughter there's no way that she can imagine herself married at the age that she's at now. To her everything is you've got to go through college you've got to get a job. And then when everything's set up then you look for somebody that you want to spend the rest of your life with. But. It is so far down the road. When I graduated high school the thing. <SEP> That's what you did. And then you got married. And then you had a family. That's just the way it was. <SEP> And that's like when my mo-. I know when my mother's age it was always the kids and the family and everything had to come first. And the woman stayed home and took care of them. An. I like the way it is. <SEP> It's being. We're from Houston and so it's not so hard for people. You've been married three or so years. And you don't have kids it's okay nobody does. But you come to a place like Belton. And th-. A lot of the kids here get married out of high school. It's real small town. And i-. And a lot of people in our su-. We're the only couple in our Sunday School class except for one other couple who are in their forties. Who don't have children. And they can't imagine why we would want to have children. And I'm going there's life in there that's. <SEP> Not everybody has to have kids. And I'd rather spend the time with my husband than spending time. It's your turn. But you know that now even. Whenever I was coming up and everything. And we got married right out of high school a year after I got out of high school. And I didn't have kids for four and a half years. But that was because I wanted to work. And I wasn't ready for kids. <SEP> I think that's what it is. I'm not either. And everybody thought what is the matter with her. They're probably going I bet she can't get pregnant. They thought that it was terrible. And then when I'd tell them I'm just not ready for children yet. But that you better just get ready now. <SEP> You don't just get ready. But I was kind of odd because as a general rule the people that married during my time they had kids within a year. And I just was not ready for kids. I wanted to get out and work a little bit. And I wanted to travel and stuff like that which we did. And kids didn't fit in right then. But it's getting more and more like that where there's more and more couples. And really if you don't want the kids then it's not the time to have. I don't care what anybody tells you. <SEP> And I think that more and more the attitude's getting that a way. Because that's like my daughter. She says that maybe when she's thirty she might want a child then. And even though I'd like to have grandchildren I can see her point. <SEP> Steve's mom finally said that God will take care of us when it's our time. She finally told me it's okay if you don't. But it took every nerve in her body to say that because she's from a very very old fashioned family. <SEP> And she stayed home and raised her kids. And she expected all of her kids to do that too. And their wives to be the housewife and have dinner ready by five and be there at every beck and call. And I was raised totally opposite. How we got together I don't know. Because my mother had six girls. And she worked too. And I guess I just. And I saw how life was when she stayed home. And it was rough. It was hard. And. And it really is. I know. Just like now there's so much more now. All my income goes for things like luxuries. It really does. Accept for what we give to my daughter to put her through college and stuff. <SEP> But the rest of it. We just buy things like boats. Or we go on trips or just the more or less like entertainment stuff. But. <SEP> I think you've earned that though. I feel like I have because we're just a age now. I'm not old. But I'm older. And I got to stay home with my kids which I really wanted to do. But now I could not go back and do it. <SEP> I really couldn't I don't think I could stay home all the time and do nothing. And I did stuff. But to me it feels like I must have done nothing. And I think it's just the new way that people are thinking. <SEP> I think so. But. I think it would be neat if they could incorporate into small and large businesses both a built in day cares where the children were there in the facility but not necessarily right there with you. More and more of them are. I don't know if it is up there where you are. But where I am just all the hospitals they're getting day care. <SEP> Are they? But the reason they had to do this was because so many women could not afford. Like you said if you had four kids or even if you had two kids you would be paying all your salary to pay for those two kids to go. <SEP> More and more of our hospitals especially over here are getting them. And then some of the bigger companies. But it's mainly the hospitals. I don't know if the T I in Dallas does or not. I know nobody around here does it. It's too small around here. <SEP>
sw3223.txt:I almost forgot the topic. I was waiting so long for it to find somebody. It's on your favorite T V shows and why. What is your favorite T V show? <SEP> MAJOR DAD. You like that one? I love it. I think it promotes good family values. And it's funny. I've never really watched that one. It's funny how you can just get in a mode where you only watch certain shows. <SEP> That's ri-. And there's only a few that I like to watch routinely. What kind do you like to watch? Probably my favorite is. I like shows like GROWING PAINS. And what's the other one they moved from Tuesday night to Wednesday night. So I don't get to watch it very much. <SEP> WONDER YEARS? WONDER YEARS. That's my favorite. I like both of those real much also. I think basically they promote family values. WONDER YEARS. I guess that is supposed to be put out at a time when I was growing up or whatever. I guess I can really relate to it. And it's just a real cute show. I guess I like the shows that really have a real sense of honesty or sort of a purity value. <SEP> I do too. I don't like it uh lot of the shows that I've liked in the past like GOLDEN GIRLS. And some of them tend to get so risque. And when you have children watching it that sometimes really starts to bother me. <SEP> And that's one of the reasons. If you want to go all time favorite show probably one of them was LITTLE HOUSE ON THE PRAIRIE. My wife really likes that show. <SEP> Which I always felt was wonderful. And so many of them nowadays like I said are just. <SEP> They go after. They. Like I said the risque stuff just I guess they think that's what people want to watch. There was. But there's a sense of purity in the show. One of my favorite shows used to be HAPPY DAYS. But Richie always used to be just so honest and pure. <SEP> And when he left the show it seemed to be missing that part of it. And I never did like it after that. <SEP> So I don't know. I see the same thing in WONDER YEARS and a lot of the shows that I like to watch. There always seems to be that kind of value in there somewhere. I agree. Do you like the sports programming? <SEP> I enjoy those also almost as much to a certain extent. I'm. Our whole house is baseball fans. And we enjoy that. And. So you're going to watch a game tonight? <SEP> So do you have a favorite for the series or anything? Probably the Pirates. But only because of Steve Bushel. <SEP> Otherwise I really don't care that much. But I'm annoyed that the Rangers got rid of him. And I'd like to see him do well all the way to the bank I guess. He's a nice guy. <SEP> I take it you live in the Dallas area. Do you live in the Dallas area? <SEP> Live in Plano. I live in Garland. And. I like Steve Bushel. But I don't really like the Pirates. I'm a big Saint Louis Cardinals fan. So I'm kind of pulling for the Braves over all. They've come from so far down. <SEP> I really would like to see them do well. It's. So I keep hoping the Rangers are going to do. One year they. Maybe they'll make it I don't know. <SEP> But. I like sports programming quite a bit. But I guess my favorite shows are the. And getting back to the point that you made that's really true. We were watching ROSEANNE couple of weeks ago. And her daughter was talking about birth control. And my daughter was kind of walking in during that time. And she's only seven years old. So. <SEP> It's. So many of them now it just seems like they feel like they have to stick that stuff in. And I'm an adult. <SEP> And I have adult tastes now. But I don't need that. I like things that are wholesome. That seems to be more our values too. The WONDER YEARS it's kind of risque stuff maybe for teenagers. And you can kind of relate to it. <SEP> I don't know. That's. I enjoy that a lot. But I agree with you. The. And it's funny because the shows. A lot of them that used to be considered risque like THREE'S COMPANY and stuff I think they maintained. People would watch them because. There was really the period that was going on there. He really wasn't messing around with the girls. But everybody perceived him that way and stuff. <SEP> But as soon as he went to move in with another girl the show just died. And it's interesting that a lot of the shows are that way.
sw2067.txt:With credit cards me I try to get maybe just one or two. I don't like having credit cards for every store. I just don't like them. What are you afraid of with them? What am I afraid of? <SEP> I don't know if I'm really afraid of spending too much. I just don't think that I need them. I. They are tempting at times. But sometimes I just don't like everybody knowing everything about me. So. <SEP> That can be very very true. And everybody just gives you a credit card just so you'll spend money. So. That's the idea. They figure that if they give you card at no charge for a whole year that you will use it. <SEP> And. That's right. They make money off of it whether you use it or not. <SEP> The other thing of course is the fact that they hope you will not pay your bill at the end of the month so that you would be paying interest. That's right. <SEP> I use mine a great deal for groceries for everything that I can and then just write one check at the end of the month for the entire thing. <SEP> That's what I do. That's what I do. Just a second. <SEP> That's all right. Sounds like you have a little one there. I have two little ones. You have. So tha-. <SEP> How old are they? Four and two and half. Those are two very active ages. So. I'm like you. I only use my credit card for when I. I just use it whenever I feel like I don't want to write a check. But I don't charge anything that I can't payoff at the end of the month. <SEP> Do you ever use the A T M machines? I never do. My husband does at work just to get cash out. But I take the checkbook. So if I need cash I just tell him. And he gets it out. And I don't even think I know my number. <SEP> I find it a great use from the standpoint that you don't have to continue to write checks in order to get cash. That's right. He couldn't do without it since he can just do it right there at work for nothing. <SEP> That helps. <SEP> The other thing some people are not aware of is they will use their credit card like their Visa or their MasterCard for cash. And when they do that they begin paying interest right from that very day on. You're right. And that's kind of silly. <SEP>. Because they figure that that's correct. You're defeating the purpose. <SEP> The idea is to use their money. <SEP> And during that whole month and then pay it at the end of the month. I get at least one or two a week. People sending me a credit card or calling me on the phone and I just say I don't want it. <SEP>. Because I. <SEP> I think that's the only thing you can do is just say no and mean no and not be tempted. It's like I'd like to know where they determine that I'm such a good credit risk that they can go and say you get this much credit line. <SEP> I-. You've already been preapproved. Preapproved. That's their favorite word. Everybody in the country is preapproved I think. <SEP> I think so you're right. It's interesting that people have generally the same view. Of credit cards no matter where you go. <SEP>. <SEP> And then some people they get so wrapped up in them that one day they find I didn't realize I'd spent this much money. That much stuff. <SEP> And then they can't meet the minimum monthly payments on it. And some people use one credit card to pay for another credit card they own. <SEP> And that does nothing but exacerbate the entire problem. It does because you're just costing yourself more money because if you can't make the monthly minimum payment you're paying interest again. That's right. So. <SEP> That's right. So. It's been enjoyable talking with you. It's enjoyable seeing that somebody feels the same way. So. <SEP> Take good care. Take care of your little ones. You too. Good luck. <SEP>
sw3015.txt:National health insurance is a problem inasmuch as the quality of health care that people would receive. Because the articles that I've read regarding national health service in Canada and England has indicated that. What i-. Stay in line for four hours to get an aspirin from a doctor. <SEP> I'm sort of mixed on this. I think that the answer may lie not in so much a national kind of medical thing like England has but more of a national insurance sort of clearinghouse or whatever. I think that too many. The problem right now is that we've got too many different health insurances that people have to go through. And I think you mentioned Canada. I think that they have a system where the government deals with. You go to whoever you want but file through one particular setup. I see. And that way they are able to reduce prices because it's all one centralized thing. I think that again having gone through a period when I was out of work and had to buy health insurance on my own if you don't have a company picking up the major portion of your health insurance the cost is almost prohibitive. <SEP> <SEP> I was listening on the radio the other day. And they were talking that something like this. I think they were talking about the fact that the money that could be saved in administrative costs and so forth nationwide by consolidating into sort of a national insurance provider could. They could make it provide health insurance to people who couldn't afford it just by the money they would save. We're currently where I'm working now under Blue Cross. I don't know what the total cost of the program is. But for dependent coverage I'm paying a hundred and seventy dollars a month or something like that. <SEP> So I assume that probably the total cost is probably three fifty to four hundred. They're probably picking up about half of it. <SEP> And that's a pretty good policy. But if you had something like one of these health maintenance programs. <SEP> Or one of whatever the type name is H M O where you go to the doctor and it only costs you ten dollars and the insurance picks up the rest. If you tried to buy something like that it would probably be five or six hundred dollars a month for just the cost of something. H M O. <SEP> And they're fairly expensive. I was on an H M O up until last year through work. <SEP> And it was. I forget how much I paid a month. But it is at least twice if not more expensive than the regular health care. And the reason I quite was not because I didn't like it. I really kind of did. The reason I quite was just because a certain doctor that we enjoyed going to was no longer associated with that H M O. So my wife decided she wanted to stay with that doctor. <SEP> So we went to the medical insurance that we have here at work. And I like the convenience of the H M O in a certain respect because it. Once you find the doctor that you like it's not a problem. A lot of people complain saying I don't want to have to be told who I need to go to. But if you don't have a doctor anyway normally it doesn't really make much difference. If you find someone you really like. That's right. <SEP> And then we did find several good doctors. And like you say it's five dollars an office visit. And my wife was in the hospital had our daughter. And I think her total bill was around three hundred dollars for everything. That included the doctors the time the hospital an- everything. Delivery room and everything. Delivery room and everything. <SEP> Including a private room because there was a little extra that she had to pay. But that was still included in that cost. So. <SEP> It's really nice because their attitude is different than in a H M O. They're trying to prevent a problem by keeping the cost down at the front end and have you come in. They charge five dollars. A pop. <SEP> You're more willing to go in and try to take care of a problem before it grows big. As to a company's benefit to have a program like that because it keeps their employees healthy and on the job. <SEP> Because they don't have to worry about going in and paying seventy-five dollars to have the doctor look at you for ten minutes. <SEP> That's a. <SEP> I really liked it. My wife and I both did. You don't have to worry about filling out forms for reimbursement and all or getting paid eight percent of whatever. You just pay the five dollars right then. And then you're done with it. But here again the doctor's practices in hospitals have become fairly sizable businesses under themselves now. <SEP> You take a hospital the physical plant itself. You have to pay your share of the operating of that eight story building when the rooms are empty. So they spread the costs out over all the patient costs. And that's how you come up with aspirin that costs four dollars apiece and things like that. The horror stories that you hear about people going into the hospital for a week and it being a four thousand dollar bill. <SEP> <SEP> They're taking up the cost of people who can't pay. They get a lot of people who just have to be there and can't afford it. And so they know they're not going to get money from them. <SEP> So they have to absorb it somewhere else. My daughter and son-in-law had a baby here about what. <SEP> He'll be three in August. And their insurance plan that they're under encourages you to shorten your stay in the hospital. <SEP> And she went in. She had the baby. And she was out in two days time. And it was treated almost like it was an outpatient visit to the hospital. <SEP> The deductibles didn't apply. And so that's one way the insurance companies are trying to hold costs down is by. If you'll shorten your stay then we will waive the deductible. <SEP> Our insurance is doing something similar where they're also going to mor-.
sw2184.txt:Being a former drug user. I guess I have to say at this point that I do approve of it. <SEP> Because I know that in using drugs I was not a good employee. And so I can see from the company's standpoint that there. Whenever you are an employee of the company you are using its assets. You are also under their liability under the Workmen's Comp. <SEP> On my job we had a lot of Workmen's Comp cases. And I work for a tire company Modern Tire. Where do you work? <SEP> And it's also a retreading plant. And that's where most of our injuries occur. And what we do is we'll have a drug test if a man has an accident. Then he's automatically given a drug test. <SEP> Do they do it within hours of the accident. Or is it? When he goes to the doctor the first time. And so that kind of. I don't know if it's been a deterrent or not because we have just started using it for the past year or so. <SEP>. We've let some people go that we found that drugs were used in their system. I don't know how T E C would handle it. They haven't pursued it. <SEP> If there's some problem I know. There was one guy that we tested for preemployment for drugs who absolutely swore up and down that it showed that he was using amphetamines. And he went to a separate drug testing firm. And they showed it negative. <SEP> So I think the tests themselves are not really that cut and dried. <SEP> I think that's probably true too. That's sort of scary. And then I also had a friend who was just around some people that were smoking cocaine. And he tested positive on cocaine. You always wonder is he just saying that. <SEP>. That's a bad situation. I think most companies now as far as entry exams require that. <SEP> I think they should. <SEP> I'm a T I employee. And I'm really gung ho for it. In fact I. Some of the places now like I B M don't allow them smoking in the plant. <SEP> We have designated smoking areas. <SEP> But I work in sort of a building that's not really. It's on the campus of the T I facility. But it's a little bit separated. We lease the building. And it's a factory environment. And they have designated smoking. But it's just wide open. It's not ventilated properly. <SEP> And I think that's bad. But as far as the drugs being in the factory kind of environment that way I think it's essential. Because you're endangering everybody's lives if it's something like that. <SEP> In fact we've had the policy on just the random testing now for a couple years. <SEP> And I was giving my boss a hard time because I kept waiting for my name to come up. They never called me. They never. And finally the day we declared war was my time. You're kidding. <SEP> And my boss has gone for about three times I think. And I told him he's obviously in a high risk group. The executives? And of course they did specifically single them out when we started that they were going to do all them first. <SEP> The executives? Wouldn't that be awful if you were using and lose your job and everything. <SEP> Which I thought was interesting. <SEP> I can't believe I was so brazen before. Like I say I'm a former drug user. But I accepted Christ as my Lord and Savior. And so I don't use drugs any more. <SEP> What kind of drugs did you use if you don't mind? Marijuana cocaine and amphetamines. <SEP> And all on the job too. It had gotten that bad. <SEP> It's really lucky that you got away from that. Cause that's really downward spiral. It's. Life is so much more enjoyable. <SEP> And I was losing jobs just from doing a poor job. That's it. There's all kinds of drawbacks much less the drug testing. <SEP> Just life in general. That's right. I'm definitely for it. <SEP> Plus you want to think that you're working with people who are not only putting out their fair share but that are not endangering your life. That's right. In some cases. <SEP> My husband several years back worked for Motorola. And they had. It was a chemical handling type. <SEP> And they have some serious chemicals out there. They have emergency shower where you just run in there and strip off and dump water that kind of thing. <SEP> And they had people out there using all sorts of drugs handling those chemicals. And that's really frightening. <SEP> So I think some places like that it should be mandatory on a greater frequency than maybe just paper pushers like I am. <SEP> I would think there would be. You'd think so. But. But they weren't? <SEP> I don't know if they do it till yet. Isn't that awful. Because when he was at. Course now it's been years now because it was even before they had the designated smoking type stuff at T I. <SEP> I forgot what. I guess it was eighty-four eighty-five something like that. And at that time they had no testing whatsoever. <SEP> So that's scary. That reminds me of. I have a friend who was telling me about her brother who gets high all the time. And I have just casually asked her what he did for a living. And she said he's the supervisor of this chemical land fill where they go and dump all this toxic stuff. <SEP> And I just went where? Should we move? Let me move as far away as possible. <SEP> That's awful. But I'm proud though that I grew up in the sixties. And back then it was popular. <SEP>. But people have really become wise about drugs. <SEP> And they really have a good campaign for the young people. They know it's not smart. So I guess it was just a generational thing. <SEP> Peer group is the other way now instead of. That's right. And that's good. <SEP> That's. That's the best way to stop it. It really is. I think we did it. <SEP> It's good talking to you. I enjoyed talking to you Cathy.
sw3655.txt:What do you think about child care. My feelings on it is I wouldn't take a child to day-care. You know? <SEP> I'd wind up. Just a baby-sitter in a home. Probably find someone. How come you wouldn't take them to a day-care? Just because of the. <SEP> Too many kids and too many infections and things coming in. They seem to pass a lot of. Sicknesses and. I don't know. Then all the things you hear about them. You kind of wonder whether or not. <SEP> I'm sure there's some good ones. But I just. I don't think that I would. I took Cammy to a. It was a preschool day-care type of thing. But I liked it some ways. And some ways I didn't. I think the ratio of kids to teacher is really important. <SEP> And. How was it? I think they had two teachers. And I think there were twenty kids. But I only had her going two days. And most of the other kids were going more days. So that was probably my own fault that she didn't. <SEP> She went. One thing I noticed is just they were trying to teach her to write her name. And I didn't notice it until this summer when I was working with her that she would bend her wrist all the way not in a natural form. <SEP> She did? And I was kind of mad that they had never noticed that and either pointed it out to me or tried to say look you're holding your. She was holding her pencil in the right fingers and stuff. But she was. Wrapping her arm all the way around. <SEP> And I hadn't worked with her on writing at all at that point. She was four or three. It was last year. And then this summer I got the thing from the school that says things to work with the kids on. And I w-. Like I said I didn't notice it till then. Because I hadn't worked with writing letters or anything and stuff like that. <SEP> They'd never picked it out though? <SEP> They never. Or just never said anything. Course like I said I took her two days a week. And maybe that was. My main reason for taking her was just social skills more than anything else. <SEP>. I felt she needed the s-. Just I didn't feel like she was mature enough socially. <SEP> And. One thing that's kind of different too though a preschool than taking a infant at a day-care where they're taken care of. <SEP> I think it would be hard to take them to people you don't know. Preschool's a different thing. But I think it's hard to take kids to somebody you don't know unless you have awfully good references. Reliable people. <SEP> I don't know. It's so hard to take young kids anywhere for very long. I think it's hard to leave them. It is. It is. The older ones it's not. You don't even really have any real worries because you know that they'll play with whoever's there. And they usually adapt pretty well. <SEP> But. It is just hard to leave them because nobody will give them the kind of care their own families will. And you know kind of their schedules. And you know if they're upset and that type of a deal. <SEP> I don't know how people that have young kids working work full time and do it really without being stressed out all the time. I think it's. I don't know. Then on the other hand I think it's harder to stay home in some regards. It's hard to always keep yourself feeling like you're doing something productive. And at the end of the day your house still feels like it's a mess. And you haven't got anything done. And. What am I going to fix for supper. <SEP> It is. It's kind of hard to always feel. Is this important what I'm doing. And. The work never ends. <SEP> That's for sure. It doesn't. So. <SEP> But I think probably people that take them to preschools and day-cares full time. They would probably just feel different. I just think it would be hard to do that full time. I feel such a responsibility even when we go out for a few hours that. Are they driving the baby-sitter crazy. And. Or is everything okay.
sw2641.txt:You. Do you have any pets? We got two cats. <SEP> Two cats. And. My family had cats when we were growing up the whole time until my Mom developed an allergies. So I'm used to having cats around. I like them. <SEP> I like having pets around in general. I favor dogs over cats actually. But. I'm not a dog person at all. I'm a dog person. I had. I guess it depends on what you had when he were a kid? Probably. I was allergic to dogs when I was a kid in fact. <SEP> I may still be. We. But not cats. That. I wonder sometimes. <SEP> But we house sat for my wife's boss a couple weeks ago. And he has a dog and everything. We were sitting the dog and everything. And I felt just miserable all weekend. And it really didn't dawn on me until Sunday. It was maybe you're still allergic to the dog. It was that could be it. The thing I don't like about dogs sometimes is that the house will just reek of the dogs and constantly. <SEP> Dogs are real high maintenances. You got to take them for walks. And you've got to pay a lot. You need to pay attention to cats and everything. But it's not quite the same thing. That's true. And it's just nice that cats you don't have to let them outside. All cats are indoor cats. <SEP> So you're not worried about them running all-around the neighborhood. And they make their mess in the cat pan which is. Limited. It's a pain to clean. But we used to. They got great stuff out now for cleaning cats' pans. They didn't. <SEP> When I was growing up I had a clean the cat pan all the time. And I hated it because I had to carry everything upstairs and use this thing to take the stuff out and put it in the toilet and everything. It was really terrible. But now you get these liners that is garbage bags. And you the. <SEP> That sounds so easy what I did. The cats do it in there. You pull it and take it out and throw it away. And that's it. I housesat from cats for a friend of mine which she was finishing up her thesis. <SEP> And what we used to do was just put newspaper on the bottom and then put cat litter. And then I would just take the whole thing to the garbage can and dump the whole thing. Same idea. Then I would do it everyday or two days so I would clean that pan very very rarely. Everyday? <SEP> And so it wasn't so bad. I see. Two cats and just as easy. It just never started smelling. I would put just a little bit of cat litter in there because if I put a lot one of the cats would have been. <SEP> All of her animals that she ever had were adopted. I that true. She's got one dog now and the two cats. And her dog there is basically a reject. Somebody had bought him and wanted him. <SEP> It was her ex boyfriend and just was not mature enough to keep the dog didn't realize how much work it was. And she's stuck with it. And she's just so kindhearted that she just takes all the animals. But I think that for me my husband just has completely nixed the idea of having a dog or a cat. <SEP> Because that's all there is to it. So you know. So you don't have anything right now? We don't have anything right now. Except the kid. That's. <SEP> Now we have a kid. But he was completely against having a dog or cat. He said they're as much work as a kid. And they're harder to get rid of for the weekend. And. I don't know because the cats pretty much. We can leave them for a weekend as long as we put plenty of food out. And it's not a big deal really. They're happier when we're around. But they're pretty much okay by themselves. And we couldn't do that with a dog. <SEP> That's really true. But other friends of mine have cats. They have four of them. And if they go away they hire a pet sitter to come in twice a day and pet them and things like that. And their cats they're so used to the attention that if they don't get it they get really upset. That's pampering the petals. And they sort of cause trouble around the house and things like that. <SEP> I figured something having. So I tried to have a goldfish. And I killed that one within a very short amount of time. But they're not that much fun. You can't take them for a walk. You can't. They can't fetch. <SEP> They can't do anything. So I've never. I think we had fish when I was a kid. But I don't. My brother had fish when I was a kid. I remember that. And one of his fish jumped out of the fish tank. And fried itself on the radiator behind the dresser. I'll never forget that. Because I remember my brother he came home and he counted the fish. <SEP> And one of the fish was missing. And they couldn't find it anyplace. They couldn't figure out what had happened. And then they found it fried on the radiator behind. It was not gross. I didn't see it. But got them. <SEP> Trying to remember we had a dog for a while. And I don't know if we got rid of the dog. Because my brother was allergic to it. My brother had asthma and some allergies which I think he's outgrown now. But because of that we didn't have very many pets afterwards. And then he had fish. <SEP> And you. Like you say they're not the most exciting pet to have. It's like. I don't know. I just never understood what the attraction. They're pretty and everything. But I've just never seen the attraction of having fish. It's not as much fun. A friend of mine had an eel. An eel? <SEP> And then he had a. I forget what type of fish it was. It was one of these fish that it ate a big other fish and things like that. There would be sort of moby fish in a tank. Now we really get sick. And it. I couldn't see having fish like that. <SEP> I could see having maybe some of the tropical fish that are really really pretty. But. I remember a friend of mine at work telling me that at his frat in college that they had a tank of piranha and used to drop mice in. These aren't cats. <SEP> This is gross. That would be. What did they do everyone come around and watch them. <SEP> I guess that's fine if you have a mouse problem at your frat house and your things destroyed the mice. But. A cat will do the same trick. <SEP> Let's see. I had a pet rat for a while. And it was a live rat. And this woman just offered it to me while I was in graduate school. And she was actually a very fun pet. I had a friend in college who had a pet rat for a while. <SEP> I forget how she got it. But it was the same kind of a deal. I think she got it. I think she was a psych major. And she got it from the psych department. <SEP> Mine had been a. How did this work. A mill rat had been bought. And the people in the lab one day called in my friend and said this rat is acting really strange I think he's sick. And she said I don't think he's sick I think she's pregnant. And they had misclassed the sex of back there. And so she asked me if I want one of those babies. And I took the baby. And I got her when she was just this tiniest little thing like half the price of a mouse. <SEP> And then she grew to be. I had pictures of her when she would sit on my hand. And then she grew to be pretty big a pound or something. I don't know how much. And I had her for over two years. And she was very affectionate. She would crawl on me. And she would sit on my neck or my shoulder while I was working and things like that. Much more than you would think. <SEP> If you get them young and everything before they go kind of nuts. So. And. Rats are not my favorite animals in the world. But I could see getting one from birth and everything. <SEP> Sort of weird for me to have had one too. But there. It was a convenient little pet to have because it stayed in its cage. And it was. Easy to take care of. But. I have friends with hamsters and gerbils. And they tell me the same thing. <SEP> I just. Again it gets into vivant much fun what I guess they can be. I. Actually it was more fun than you would think. Starting from the beginning. But. We also live in the city now actually in Manhattan. <SEP> And so it's almost impossible to. It's not fair to a pet to have a pet here or certainly not a dog. People do. People. <SEP> But it's not. I don't. Plus the pooper scooper one New York. So. You see all these stately people and well dressed people out walking their dogs with their plastic bag or their piece of paper for them. It's really kind of funny. I was living in northern Jersey when that law came through remember hearing all about it. <SEP> We were wondering if they had any special law for the horses in Central Park. They don't. I should make you. Of course not. <SEP> They have the bags behind them. But I think they're actually supposed to keep them clean. Hit the bags. But I can't even walk by Central Park when summertime. Just the smell is so bad of the horses. I Haven't been up there. <SEP> Last time I was there was fall so probably wasn't that bad. It's not that long ago. It was twelve times of the year. Not this past fall. But fall a few years. <SEP> It was almost October of eighty-five. I think was the last time I was up there and at Center Park. <SEP> I had a friend who went to Colombia. And I used to go up and visit her. So. <SEP> That's not too far from were we live. You said you had two cats. Are they breed cats or anything. Or are they just. They're just mutts. My wife got them from uh friend of hers at work and everything as kittens. <SEP> And this was before we even met. She's had them for a couple years. And they're really cute. They're sisters. One of them is a lot bigger than the other one. And she pushes the other one away from the food. Apparently I don't know all the details. But they were born around Christmas because one of them is named Tinsel. And the other one is named Holly. <SEP> The scr-. They're both females? Both females they're both spayed or neutered. <SEP>. And they're both declawed at least on the front claws. <SEP>
sw2094.txt:Robert what substances do you think are the most likely causes of air pollution? I don't. I guess it's the stuff that comes out of automobile exhaust. They say in the paper nitrous oxides and ozone and all that. <SEP> So I believe them. But I'm not a chemist. Do you think that those are bigger contributors than things like acid rain and some of the pollutants that come from industrial areas factories and so on? I don't really know. I grew up in Los Angeles and have felt like I was victimized by air pollution. I was going to say. So you understand smog. <SEP> I understand it very well. And in fact I was a private pilot there. And I can remember etched clearly in my mind flying and coming up above the smog layer at about three thousand feet and looking back down and really being unbelieving at what looked like a. <SEP> It just looked liked peanut butter. Thick and brown and so on. And that was a few years ago? <SEP> This was quite a few years ago. This was in the nineteen sixties. I wonder if it's any better now. Because California has such strict rules about emissions and so on. People say that it is somewhat better. <SEP> I don't know if you heard about the recent legislation in Colorado against a power company that's actually on Indian land I believe. But it has been ruled against regarding air pollution because they think that it's causing terrible smog over the Grand Canyon. And particularly in the winter months. So they. It was a landmark case because it's unusual to. I can. They were talking about shutting it down if it didn't comply and so on. <SEP> Did it burn coal? I don't know that. The information is one of those wire services kind of pieces of news. So it's hard. I never did see the full story. So I don't know. But they said that it really caused so much smog over the Grand Canyon in the winter months that they couldn't do the piloting the helicopter trips and that sort of thing. Which would be horrible because there's nothing. <SEP>. That's such a spectacle. It would be a shame to ruin it. <SEP> What do you think individuals could do or society could do to alleviate this problem. I don't know whether we could do a whole lot as individuals. Maybe just take good care of our cars and make sure we keep our pollution devices clean and all that sort of thing. <SEP> Apart from that I don't know what we can do as individuals. What do you think we can do? You think it's more to society. I guess I kind of agree there. I. On an individual basis there isn't a lot we can do about a lot of things. But if we are concerned about it then we certainly can force government that we elect to deal more seriously with it. And I do think that we have a responsibility there. I must admit I'm not always real politically active. But I do think that Congress has backed down much too much on some of the air pollution standards. <SEP> And it's brought the. They really listen to. The lobbyist and the car manufacturing companies have really pushed. They. All those restrictions are really too hard. We can't quite make that go. And they don't. And then we still live with air pollution. So I suspect that that's one thing that as individuals we can do make our voices known perhaps to our legislators. But as a society I think we can do more. And that's probably how we ought to do it. Being individually responsible in order to be group responsible. <SEP> I guess I'm to the point where I'm cynical enough that I really don't believe anything will happen unless there's something economically justifiable about it. And in the case of air pollution it simply might turn out at some point down the road to be so costly to have to live with air pollution in terms of health problems and everything else that we'll spend the money that's necessary to get rid of the source of it. <SEP> I suspect that there's going to have to be a lot of pressure come to bear on the companies that deal with it. And probably the only way that can happen is for governments to realize that they have to pay if companies don't. And I don't know how long that will take. <SEP> People also have to realize they can't have their cake and eat it. So if you don't want to burn coal for power how about nuclear energy. We don't want that either. <SEP> How about investing in the sun. Nobody wants to pay twenty-five cents a kilowatt hour I don't think. I probably wouldn't mind if it really came down to it. It's just the same thing with the gasoline. Now is a wonderful time to smack a fifty cent a gallon tax on gasoline so that we don't run into the kind of problems we recently had. <SEP> And yet the government is not going to do that because people are too dependent. And they don't want to pay for it. So instead we spend billions of dollars going to war. Wha-. However it might have had other causes. Certainly oil was a big factor. <SEP> And I think that's probably going to happen with such things as air pollution when we get serious about our motors in our automobiles then maybe we'll have a little bit of help. Do you have any air pollution in your area? <SEP> There's not really a lot here in Raleigh. Once in a while we'll get some. I think it kind of washes down from your area Linda. That's what they. You're talking about from the middle states that have more factories and so on. <SEP> That's what they say. But it's not very usual. And certainly we don't have the eye stinging variety that you get in the big cities. We really don't have that either. Although I think I can tell a difference in I lived in this area for about twenty-five years and I think I can tell a difference in the comfort level particularly in the summer. When it gets hot and you have that kind of a pressure from the pockets of air usually caused by exhaust. <SEP>. It seems to me that I'm more uncomfortable. And my eyes sting more and so on and so on. So I suspect that it's an ever growing problem. <SEP> I suspect that we've probably covered everything that we need to here. I think we've given them about seven minutes according to my watch. It was nice talking to you. <SEP> And I enjoyed the conversation. So did I.
sw3606.txt:What are your favorite shows? It's doesn't seem like I get enough time to watch much T V. But the ones that are out now. <SEP> I've watched that SISTERS a couple of times. I think that's kind of a good show. I've never seen that. Haven't you? <SEP> I like that one. And I'm trying to think. I don't even know if I have any other real regular ones that I watch. How about you? I like L A LAW not because it's realistic but it's entertaining. <SEP> I do like that. <SEP> Occasionally I'll see that one. Let's see. I watch CHEERS sometimes. And mostly just movies when there's a good movie on. Do you? <SEP> When there isn't a good movie on too. I just like to have the T V on if I'm home alone or something. <SEP> Have. Either the radio or the T V -s got to be on the whole time. <SEP> I do. I kind of have gotten into a couple of soaps lately. I've been home with a. I have a baby. And so I've haven't seemed to have gotten out as much. <SEP> So I'll watch a soap occasionally. <SEP> Do you watch any of those? I don't because I work all day. But I pro-. I usually do if I'm home for a couple of days around Christmas or whatever. After a while I'll start watching it. <SEP> And then on. For a while I'll ask people if they know what happened. And then I'll just forget it. <SEP> What ones do you get into? I don't even remember. The last time I watched was back in college. It was GENERAL HOSPITAL or something. And I maybe watched it for a week. <SEP> But I know that people used to arrange their whole schedules around the. They wouldn't take a class that was in the middle of their soap opera. How funny. It was a. <SEP> I don't get into them that much. When I'm home sometimes in the day I'll watch them. <SEP> But I was really trying to think. I don't even know if there's any other shows that I watch or else. You said you have kids. How old? <SEP> I have a six year old. And I have a. He'll be a year old in January. So you aren't a SESAME STREET fan? They watch it. <SEP> My six year old's kind of. He's outgrown that one a little bit. But I've started to turn it on a little bit for the baby. And he's entertained by it. <SEP> So. I do watch that one. Supposed to be a great babysitter. They're not entertained for too long with it. He's still too little. <SEP> But. I do turn that on. <SEP> And I do like DONAHUE. Sometimes I watch that. I think he has some interesting things on it. I know. What time is that on. I never see it? <SEP> It's on at four. I'm not home then. That's why I don't see it. I'll watch that occasionally. He's got some real. I don't know. There's some real weird people that he seems to come up with. <SEP> Isn't it strange how people are fascinated by other people that they think are strange? He does have some real bizarre things I think. <SEP> So other than that I don't know. What's that? Guess I'm not much of a T V person really. I guess it wasn't a real good topic for us. But. Tell me. Is it snowing up there? <SEP>. It snowed a little bit probably about four days ago. <SEP> And they said we weren't going to get any more for Christmas. But do you have snow on the ground now? <SEP> There is snow on the ground. That's nice. I wish it would snow a little bit more. I've heard it's raining there. We've broken all sorts of records. <SEP> They've got. We still have some highways closed. And it stopped raining almost twenty-four hours ago. But just phenomenal. I. You see it on the news all the time. But until you've really seen it it doesn't really hit you. <SEP> But I was driving home from work Friday. And I saw there were some stop signs submerged up to the writing on the stop sign. And that was just. It was amazing to me. <SEP>. So there has been some flooding. And. There's been a lot. <SEP> It's too bad. But the thing is that this happens. In the last three years it's happened at least once a year if not twice. But the people continue to move back in the flood zones. <SEP> So I don't know. You got to wonder how long they're going to keep doing that for. I don't think I would. <SEP> Because they just finished cleaning up from the last flood. What a mess. <SEP> Do you work for T I? I do. This has been an interesting thing to do. Have you made a lot of calls. Or. <SEP> I've probably talked maybe to five people. My husband is doing it too. And he's talked to a few more than me. <SEP> But it's been real interesting and kind of fun. Do you get paid for these? Five dollars. Five dollars a call? <SEP> I wish I could do that. Don't you have to do it as part of its. We can't get paid for it. <SEP> Don't you have to do it.
sw2382.txt:Do you want to go first? I could barely hear what the switchboard operator was saying as what was the topic. Fitness and exercise. <SEP> Why don't you go first. I like to do weight training and cycling. And just walking swimming. I used to do a lot of basketball and running and volleyball until I had some knee surgery last fall. And the doctor said that running and jumping isn't real good for my knee anymore. So I had to kind of change my life-style a little bit. Let me ask a personal question. How old are you? Thirty-eight. <SEP> Then you should. Over thirty-five everything goes downhill. The rest of me is in pretty good shape. It's just that left knee that just doesn't want to do everything it used to. You're lucky then. Because I've battled arthritis all my life. <SEP> Even since I was about two or three. Then they diagnosed it. And usually most people are just absolutely crippled. And I do water aerobics. Religiously do water aerobics. I bet that helps. <SEP> I used to do it about six times a week. And now I'm down to about four. But it's about the only thing that keeps my mobility in there. I tried weight training. And I'm telling you I just can't lift the things. <SEP> And the shock on the system is just too much. So I have stuck to water aerobics basically the weightless thing and trying to keep this shape that way. But it's hard to find. It's really hard to find a place that's going to offer water aerobics because what I'm finding is that if they do offer it you get the crowd of women that are. I think they feel this is going to be an effortless sweatless way to get in shape without having to spend anything. That's right. <SEP> That's right. Or it's the geriatric crowd. That's right. <SEP> So I've considered even becoming licensed to teach it. If you know what your routine is you can do that by yourself. And you probably do. But you have to have an indoor pool. This is true. <SEP> So to find an indoor pool where either you can do this by yourself without drawing a lot of looks means you're really going to do a strenuous workout activity. You look very odd in the water. That. That was the one place where I was also able to do weight training. And that does look very odd in the water. I can believe that. Have you tried the pool at the Spring Creek Fitness Center? <SEP> And that's the only place I haven't tried. And people have told me. That's the Texins facility? I have been told that thing is just lovely. It is. They keep it at eighty-one degrees year-round. <SEP> He-. Do you use that facility a lot? A fairly good amount more on the weekends. I try to beat the traffic in the mornings when I workout in the mornings I try to come down to the Dallas Fitness Center. Do you know if they have child care there? Have you done your attitude survey for this year yet? <SEP> You need to put that on there seriously. They don't. I don't work at T I. You don't? <SEP> I used to work at T I. As matter of fact I was the only woman that they had in the field in a management position. Actually when I was working there I was the only woman that was pretty much in the industry. And I used to fill out those attitude surveys. <SEP> And me and the insurance adjusters are very familiar with each other. And my husband still works there. And I get my attitude expressed through them. But I find it to be very. Sometimes it's kind of shoot yourself in the foot mentality to save a few bucks. This is true. <SEP> And never having lived in Texas before I starting working for T I. And I came down here. And they did an attitude survey six weeks after I had been working here. And I asked about day care for the shift workers. And I was pulled in by my manager and told that you just don't say that. It's not. <SEP> It was not applicable to me. And I was kind of horrified. What year are we talking about? We're talking nineteen seventy-eight. Things have become much more enlightened since then. <SEP> They couldn't have gotten anymore in the dark ages. We still don't have a day care facility. But people are more sympathetic to it. I understand that they're now covering women's preventative health care. <SEP> And the reason I'm at home is when I had my kids and I was scheduled to go back and I tell you how much in the dark ages it was. I had been rated number one in the field. And then I took. When I became pregnant I also got meningitis and then delivered the first baby three months early. <SEP> And they put the baby on a heart lung monitor when I took her home. And the insurance carrier was not going to cover this because it was considered preventative treatment. Could you hold the phone for one second. I'm back. <SEP> And then they used to. And then I had a second one eighteen months later. They told me to put them back to back. And of course to maintain. And I was flat on my back for the last five months with the second one because that's when I go into labor four and a half months. And I don't even know it. Of course it's real easy to take care of the first one when you're on your back. <SEP> Very easy. Very easy. And they put me on twenty-four hour fetal monitoring then to try to control the labor and see how far it was going. And after the baby was born since it wasn't premature then they said they wouldn't cover the cost of the monitor. I think that's kind of when my husband hit the roof because it was a thirteen thousand dollar bill. But after the second baby was born I was going to go back to work. <SEP> And that was when they had. It would have been the eighty-five layoff. And I'll tell you how they handled this. And I was just outraged. I did not know that since I was on personal leave of absence that I had been terminated until I filed my insurance claims about four months later. And they didn't have any coverage under my name. And I went back. And I said what the hell is going on here. <SEP> And they told me your husband works here. And he's got a good salary. We didn't think that you'd be coming back anyway. And we've got people here that really need to be working. And so that we had just. It was this way we didn't have to layoff an active person. And we'd just let you go. And it took me about a year of arguing. I said I've got to put this in writing to me because until they put it in writing I couldn't get my insurance benefits. And I couldn't get my termination benefits either. There you go. <SEP> I was just pissed as hell that they could do that. I can believe that. But I guess things have gotten better. I've been told that this flex hour and those kind of things. Flex time is great. <SEP> I still don't think after my experiences that they could get me to go back ever again. I can understand. I can understand. It's been good talking with you. But let me ask you this since you use Texans. How much is it a month? It's only about ten bucks a month. <SEP> That's for individual. To add dependents is maybe another dollar or something. It's no big deal. That's it? <SEP> If you pay your monthly charge do you then pay separately for classes you're taking? You do for classes. But to use any of the facilities is no extra charge. That's cheap. It is. <SEP> That's really cheap. Do you have to be an active T I employee to join Texans Or a depe-. Or a depe-. Or a dependent of one. I am so dependent these days. <SEP> It's a sense. Seen that my co-dependents have turned on the hose and are getting my neighbor's fence. So my position for management to domestic goddess has been an adjustment. But I think I'm going to go contact Texans. I really think I am. <SEP> That beats any offer I've heard in a long time. It's great. When you're there on weekends is it crowded as hell? It would depend on when you go. It's not excessively crowded on the weekends. <SEP> I'd want to be there in the mornings from nine thirty to ten thirty. I don't think that would be bad at all. If you're in Richardson you'd probably wanted to come to the Dallas site. I'm actually right on the Plano line. Then you could go either one. <SEP> The Spring Creek one is a lot more modern has a lot more niceties amenities. And you'd probably like the pool there. It sounds like I would. I might do that then. I learned something here. I'm glad. <SEP> You can go back to work now. Thank you. Thank you. You have a good day. <SEP>.
sw3513.txt:Let's see. What type of car do I want? I'd like to have a Corvette. But my weekly wages don't apply for me to have that kind of car. So. <SEP> I'm engaged to get married. So I'll more likely get a car for economic reasons. So to drive back and forth to work is all I'll need a car for pretty much. And we have a truck. So probably a economic size car or. <SEP> What kind of a car do you have now? Right now I have a eighty-seven Cavalier. It's a piece of. My car is really old too. Because I drive out of town a lot of the weekends. <SEP> And I would like my next car to have good gas mileage. And same here. A nice car American made. And a nice car but not too expensive. Because I couldn't afford a brand new Lamborghini. <SEP> I hardly drive. But while we're talking. While we're talking my next car I'd like to be sporty and nice. <SEP> But it's expensive. And then insurance is really high for that too. So Something that's not too sporty because of insurance then. I know. That insurance does come into play. I forgot about that. <SEP> What kind of insurance do you have up there. Or is it real high up there? Mine just got lowered because I just turned twenty-one. And I'm not sure really how much I pay. I just. My mom's helping me out because I'm in college. So I just give her the money and take her word for it. <SEP> That insurance is high dollars. It is. So. But. <SEP> And the more expensive the car the higher it is. So Unless I win the lottery I won't be driving anything too expensive. <SEP> I don't plan on buying a car for many many years. So. <SEP> I have to make this one last as long as I can. What's everybody drive up there? In Kenosha? In Wisconsin they drive them little four wheelers or four wheel drive. <SEP> It just is. Or do you all need four wheel drives up there because of snow and everything? We have a Jeep with four wheel drive because of the snow you mean. Or. It never snows down here. So. <SEP> We don't have any snow here now. It all melted. There is no snow at all. We haven't had snow yet. We usually only get once a year or so. <SEP> Kind of strange to you all? <SEP> It is. Because how. It's seventy degrees here right now. Don't tell me that. How cold is it there? <SEP> Actually it's been warm. It's in the forties. And that's really warm. <SEP> And it's supposed to rain tomorrow. So we. I've only seen snow once this year. And it was really bad. And then it all melted within the week. And now there is no snow. So. But what is your dream car? <SEP> I haven't really thought about it. I'm not too big on cars. I don't know the names and stuff. But if I were to go to a car lot and look at them I would pick out one that looked really nice. What's your favorite color? <SEP> For a car? Probably blue. If it was just an average middle class car. Blue? <SEP> But if I were to get a sports car maybe white or red. What kind of car do you drive right now? <SEP> It's a Sky Hawk Buick. Eighty-three. I think. <SEP> Eighty-two thousand miles. <SEP> I'm afraid it's not going to last me that long. And I hope it does though. It's a two door. I like smaller cars. They're. I find them more comfortable to drive. Does everybody have their windows tinted up there? <SEP> I don't see too many cars tinted. Everybody has tinted down here. I'm sure. I could see why. You been down here before? <SEP>. Did you like it? <SEP> It was busy. It's different I bet. <SEP> It was nice. I remember swimming on Easter day. And it was really cold up here. But came back with a little tan. So that was nice. It's like. Everybody freaks out when it sn-.
sw3524.txt:I say Arlington Texas now because I talked one night to somebody in Arlington Virginia. And Plano Texas rather than Plano Illinois. Do they have one? <SEP> They do. I didn't know that. I learned something already. <SEP> Let's see. The three questions are what. How much time do you spend with your children? Very little. Because they're grown. <SEP> What? They're grown and gone. Mine is down at U T Austin at college. And the other one is in high school. <SEP> So you do spend less time then? C-. <SEP> Because they almost don't want to know us. They want to be with their friends. How old are your kids? Are they married or what? I have two married and then two almost married. And the other two I'm not sure. Two for sure are single. <SEP> You have a lot of kids. Between the spouse and myself we have six. That's kind of nice though. You shouldn't be lonesome on a holiday? <SEP> Because I came with a split family. And she had. <SEP> There is so much of them are gone. And they're doing their own things. And a lot of times they've got when the holidays. That's true. They have to see their other parent too. <SEP> And sometimes they want to do their own thing. So sometimes it's just spouse and me. I know. <SEP> And you know what? What? Sometimes that's okay. I know. <SEP> Because. That's what my mother said one time. Because who says that they just got to come over to see us all the time for the holidays. <SEP> That's true. And if they force them to that's not good either. <SEP> That becomes a drudgery. And let's see. Do they all live in the area? Of the six we've got four around here. <SEP> We're talking north Texas. And then one is in Vermont Montpelier Montpelier Vermont. <SEP> And the other one is in Everett Washington. How did they end up so far away? That's my little pair. And my second marriage. <SEP> And. Those are the youngest ones? The s-. The fourth and fifth child of the six are the two that are scattered like that. <SEP> Those are a long way. And they wanted to go. How. <SEP> J R my middle son fell in love with Washington state. <SEP> And the third daughter fell in love with Vermont. Vermont. So. So they wanted to make their homes there. <SEP> That's where they've gone to make their homes. Are those two married? They just working up there or going to school or what? <SEP> Let's see. I guess you'd say J R is working trying to go to school. I wish to God he would go back. They do. Especially if they're meant to I think. <SEP> I certainly hope so. I've got a daughter that's a sophomore at U T. And I'm going to U T A right now myself. So it's never too late. <SEP> I agree it's never too late. <SEP> And. Especially in some of these schools around here I think they have about twenty percent older students. And when you're saying older we're talking fifty up. I've seen some people that are really quite up there they look like in their very late sixties. <SEP> And I say that's great why not. <SEP> Why not because that's a lot of times it's. I believe that we in that category. And I'm not in that category quite yet. But we are seasoned minds. You're really ready to learn finally. <SEP> I don't know why I even went to college when I was seventeen. It was. It was a complete waste of money. <SEP> Settle down. We know what we're wanting to study. And we know our limitations. We. And. <SEP> And we don't try to burn the candle at both ends and in the middle altogether. We don't go out drinking beer till three and try to go to class in the morning. <SEP> At seven. We're past that age. We're smarter now. We know what we can do. <SEP> So let's see. So mine I don't spend a whole lot of time because they're not here. And so the second question forgot what the second question. What was it. What do the trends in families. And do we approve what other families do. <SEP> The trends in the families were to spread apart do your own thing. That's right. <SEP> But I'm seeing a change that government can't do it. A change? I was going to say the same thing. <SEP> Schools are not able to. <SEP> And between a person's religion their faith in their maker whether you're Christian or Jewish or whatever. <SEP> And the family. Are going to have to solve some of the problem. Those are the two that have the wherewithal. And of course Judeo-Christianity and of the Jewish folks too believe that the family unit is the one that was given the mission by the Lord to do this very thing. <SEP> So when another group of people step in try to do it they're tromping on our territory so to speak. So. I firmly believe that.
sw3699.txt:. Do you live in a home? <SEP> It's a house we bought about two and a half years ago now. Did you? <SEP> First house. We've lived in ours for about six years. We had it built actually. And it's our first home too. <SEP>. So what do you think of owning a home as opposed to renting somebody else's? Before we built our home we were managing some apartments that we were living in. <SEP> And that was quite an experience. I much prefer having my own home and just the space and more privacy. <SEP>. Is it a fairly large house? It's twenty-four fifty square feet. <SEP> That's pretty good size. It's a two story. How about yours? <SEP> It's tiny. Is it small? It's not much bigger. Actually we had an two bedroom apartment that was about as big as this house is. So. <SEP> It's only eleven hundred square feet. Do you have children? Just one. Just one. <SEP>. But all the rooms are small. But it ends up giving us three bedrooms which we wanted. And. Use an extra one for an office which is handy. <SEP> I'd rather have more rooms and less space in each one I guess. Rather have lots of rooms and lots of space. But that ends up costing me. <SEP> How does it compare to the ones in your neighborhood? It's pretty typical it's a very very middle class neighborhood. Lots of young couples with usu-. I'm sure that virtually everybody in the neighborhood that's their first homes. <SEP> And lots of kids and stuff. And so it fits well in the neighborhood. It's certainly not a real upscale neighborhood. But on the other hand it's clean and kind of suburban little bit more than I want. <SEP> Is yours also pretty much in conformance with the neighborhood. It seems about probably average. <SEP> Or is it? But our neighborhood has just a wide variety of people. And there's older people here and people that are our age. We're in our thirties. <SEP> And there's a lot of kids. People across the street have eight. Eight kids? <SEP> Their home just burned down matter of fact last summer. And they're just rebuilding. And their house is going to be really big. It's. <SEP> I'm sure with eight. They're building a lot bigger. He's not an obstetrician an orthopedic surgeon. So since the house did burn they're going. It's quite different than it was before. And it's a lot bigger. <SEP>. But ours is about. It's a nice home. It's definitely not one of the smaller ones. And it's not the biggest either. But. <SEP> New ones they tend to be real tiny especially in newer neighborhoods. My brother just built a new house. He lives in Wichita Kansas. And the neighborhood actually fought him on it. Because the house was going to cost less to build than any other house in the neighborhood. That's because he's doing a lot of it himself for example landscaping and lots of the other stuff. <SEP> And his house actually ended up being nicer than lots in the neighborhood. But they were pretty touchy on it. You. He was a little surprised. That's interesting. You say that because we have those architectural codes here. <SEP> And when we put out house in they wanted us to have. There was one. We have part siding on the two story part and then on the back. <SEP> And there was one side where our chimney was. And just the chimney was going to be brick. And they wanted us to have more brick. So we ended up having to go halfway up. It does look nicer. And we would have like to have had all brick. But of course at that point we couldn't afford it. But it's funny that you'd say that because there were homes in here that didn't have any brick at all. <SEP> So it's kind of like they were. Kind of depends on when they get in. And so it was kind of like they. Ours is the last street that they built on. So the houses actually on our street they're kind of gone a little bit nicer. <SEP> They have. It's gotten. Just they. It's the second phase. <SEP> And so they've kind of changed the codes a little bit. And so that's kind of why they stuck us with more brick when there were other homes that didn't have any. <SEP> My sister kind of got in the opposite end of that because they moved into a neighborhood and bought a real nice stone house down in South Austin. And what the builder apparently plans to do is they do phase one. And they kind of give it a very upscale and very tightly controlled codes and stuff. And then they come back in. And then they sell.
sw3491.txt:Let me see. What have you seen lately? CITY SLICKERS and STAR TREK FIVE. FIVE? <SEP> Y-. Only five? <SEP> I thought I'd better see that one before I go and see six. Didn't need to. I found that out. <SEP> How about yourself? I just saw the latest one. How is it? It was fantastic. <SEP> I can't wait. It's. The lines in there were just perfect. It was classic TREK. Does the old STAR TREK guys meet the new guys? <SEP> It's just the old guys still. It was just a rumor that that would happen this time. However the rumor is that it will happen next time. So. You know that I read in PEOPLE or somewhere. <SEP> That they said they weren't going to do anymore. That was it. But. Except that the rumor is that they still might. But it may not include the entire crew. And it will be a next generation meets this generation. <SEP> I'm not sure what the difference in light years between the new generation and the old guys was. I think it's a hundred years. <SEP> Somewhere in that range. Considering that Spock was on couple weeks ago and that the very first episode of NEXT GENERATION they had McCoy. That's right. <SEP> Is that right? He was a doctor still? And. <SEP> He was rear admiral whatever. And he just kind of hobbled down the halls real slow. Vulcans age a lot better. He didn't look too bad did he? Matter of fact he looks about as old and the NEXT GENERATION as he does in the latest STAR TREK. Imagine that. <SEP> That's amazing. But did they have some pretty good special effects? Excellent excellent special effects. But I think the script was just incredible compared to the last one. <SEP> The script was bad bad bad. You know why? I don't. Why? William Shatner wrote it. <SEP> Is that right? And even worse he directed it. <SEP> Leonard Nimoy he does a lot better. In fact he didn't direct this one. He produced this one. But he directed the one before STAR TREK FOUR something like that. JOURNEY HOME I think that was. <SEP> You're a real life Trekkie? L-. I think so. I really like them. I wouldn't go so far as being a Trekkie. But. <SEP> I've gone to one for real live Trek Convention. But. I saw James Doohan the guy that plays Scotty. <SEP> Did you get to talk to him? It was crowded. Not in a crowd like that. <SEP>. It was want an autograph want to stand in line for about four hours. <SEP>. It was a pretty crowded place. <SEP> They have some good management principals in this NEW GENERATION. I. It's kind of funny. I was reading in a book. Trying to think. I can't quite remember the name of the book. But it was saying don't do STAR TREK management style. And they were referring to Captain Kirk. Every time he left the Enterprise everything went to hell. And nothing got righted until he got back up on the ship. <SEP> So he kind of was a cowboy type too. Made all the decisions. But Jean Luke does more of a committee type of management. <SEP> It's definitely a lot better. A lot more realistic really. What other movies have you seen? Saw THE ADDAMS FAMILY last week. <SEP> How was that? It was pretty good. There were a few things different than the old series. But on the whole it was pretty similar. And a lot of fun. Lots of little funny spots. <SEP> Did they have Thing. And. In fact Thing has a much bigger role than he does in the series. There is lots of areas where Thing saves the day. And he runs around a lot. <SEP> How did. I've always wondered how he gets around. Just finger hopping. But he's in a box? In fact it's funny. He never does come in out of a box. He was just kind of walking around. <SEP> Didn't he used to? Not really. He was always in the box before. <SEP> That's okay. That's what I was thinking.
sw2032.txt:We've got to talk about music. And do you like classic rock or modern rock or which kind? <SEP> I guess the stuff that was done more in the seventies because that's really when I grew up. Not a seventies baby. So that's really what I like better. Is that kind of music. Is it disco. Or is it like. <SEP> Not that kind of music. But. More like rock like Led Zepplin type. So they can get the Doors and Led Zepplin. <SEP> That's cool. And how about the Rolling Stones? <SEP> I went to their concert last year when they were here. That's when they toured. How about Pink Floyd? I like them. So then we got some same things. Because. <SEP> I just didn't know that much about music. And I wasn't sure what kind of music. It's very hard. Because in the whole spectrum I'd rather listen. I listen to heavy metal or classic rock. What kind of heavy metal are we talking about? What. We're talking about what they call hard rock. <SEP> Give me some examples. Like Bad Company. What. Bad Company's not bad. That's not. They're like A C D C. <SEP> A C D C. Why. Have you heard of them? And stuff like that. That's not really hard rock. <SEP> I guess I didn't really consider that heavy metal. <SEP> I think when you say heavy metal I'm thinking about Cinderella. Cinderella is hard rock heavy metal. I don't really care for Cinderella. But I like A C D C's okay. But for example they have what. But other bands consider it really hard rock. It's like brash metal which all they do is they have this guitar and they just bang at the guitar. And the guitar is set really low. <SEP> I don't really care for that too much I guess. And what happens is like everybody gets totally into the music. And then they start dancing around. And they just bump into each other. <SEP> They hit each other with their shoulders. And then you knock people down. And what you do is you also try to get up on stage and jump down on top of all these other people. <SEP> Is that the kind of music that you like? I don't like that music. But that's what they do. That's what some people call really heavy metal. <SEP> And the difference between hard rock and heavy metal is the lyrics also. Really heavy metal is considered the words heavy metal. And you always thought about suicide. And killing people and stuff like that. And just hard rock has. They don't talk about that. They just talk about life in general. <SEP> Like Queen's Reich if you ever heard of them. Of course. <SEP> You're talking Queen. Is that what you said? I said Queen's Reich. But you got to like Queen also. <SEP> Because. Because Queen was real popular when I was growing up. Especially A Night At The Opera? Don't they have a. Let's see the one that they have the whole opera singing in the background. <SEP> Bohemian Rhapsody. That was great. I heard that the other day on the radio. And I pumped it up. <SEP> Because I just love that song. That was a real good one. But they had. That whole record was pretty good. But then they started going downhill like everybody else. <SEP> That's true. They came up with some pretty weird stuff after that. They're still around. They've got a new C D out. But I wouldn't buy it. Because what happens is the old whe-. I like the old Rolling Stones. I don't like the new stuff. Of the Stones? <SEP> I agree. That's the ne-. The older stuff is the best of it. The new stuff's kind of more like today's rock and roll which I don't really care for today's rock and roll too much. For example I used to like old Phil Collins. <SEP> An old Genesis? Definitely. I agree. And then what happened was that Phil Collins said I can make money a lot of money doing this. And then he came out with his record No Jacket Required. <SEP> That was good. But it was on his way of going downhill. Because he said I can make a lot of money just singing alone. And then he came out with the Invisible Touch with Genesis. And that really. Now I hate Phil Collins. I can't stand him. Because I look at him. And I say you were singing at this time and with these people. And you were great. And now you're singing all this stuff that doesn't matter what you sing or what you record. It's still going to be a number one hit. And so that's what gets me mad. <SEP> But did you go see that new Doors movie? Not yet. I guess I've been kind of considering it. Have you seen it yet? I saw it when it opened. <SEP> Was it really good? It's like I was watching Siskel and Ebert those guys that criticize movies? <SEP> And they both loved the movie? They said the music's great. It took me back to the sixties and stuff like that. <SEP> And then one of them said everything is great. But I'm going to give it thumbs down. And they go. But why? Because the end is really depressing. And so. The movie is so well made. And the music that goes with it just picks you up. I was born in nineteen hundred sixty-nine. <SEP> So for me. So you didn't really grow up with that kind of music then. But you learn to. It's just that the sixties music's got a lot to say. <SEP> I never found out what a lot of the seventies music had too. I was like. Seventies music disco I don't like disco. I've never liked disco. But I bet you were out there with your bell bottomed pants. <SEP> That's true. That's true. But I was more in the late seven-. I shou-. Mid to late seventies between seventy-five and seventy-nine was more my era. <SEP> Did you go to college? I'm going right now. That's cool. <SEP> But. I didn't go then. But I graduated high school in seventy-eight. So in seventy-eight rock was starting to get really heavy. And real I don't know. <SEP> Disco was pretty much dead by then. So that's what I mean. Disco wasn't really my time. They always say that the seventies was the lowest point in progression ever in history. So. <SEP> About music? About everything. So it's like nothing happened during the seventies. Everything happened during the sixties. The seventies I don't know what they're called. It's like. The eighties are called the progressive years or the technology years because of all the computers and stuff. <SEP> But the seventies got nothing. Nobody cared to name it. That's kind of funny. <SEP> You're right. I never thought of that. The disco years are gone. I know. Can you imagine a big picture of John Travolta what is it SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER? Him just standing there. <SEP> That's a good example to look for in history. From now on we're going to go from nineteen sixty-nine when they took the first step on the moon to nineteen eighties. What happened in the middle? Don't worry. Don't worry. You're not missing anything. So. That's true. Except for Vietnam. And that's why everybody. <SEP> You know with. It's like they don't want to talk about that. So they just don't name it. I guess it was pretty bad times. That's very true. But. Let's see. We've been talking for seven minutes. So. <SEP> Good. I haven't even been keeping track. I'm going to leave you alone. What are you doing? Do you have a family? <SEP> I was kind of in the middle of supper. But it's not a big deal. I'm sorry. I just left it. It's okay. Because I didn't. Somebody tried to call me last night. But I didn't have my number yet. I just got it today. <SEP> And so it's okay. I told them I'd be available during this time. So. Then have fun doing this. It is not that bad. <SEP>.
sw2658.txt:I guess I've had to return something. But I can't decide. Mostly it's been because I didn't like the color. Or I'm not sure whether I've had to return that many things. <SEP> I'm having a problem right now with a computer that we've just returned. Are you? For me it's actually a pretty good topic. So we'll talk about that some. <SEP> We could talk about that. And then we could talk a bit about just quality of products in general if they're better or worse if they last longer or something like that. I'm going to let you kind of lead the pack because you sound like you're. <SEP> I-. Let me tell you just a little bit about myself. For years I did all that shopping and whatnot. But for the last four or five years I've had eye problem. And I've had two cornea transplants. Shopping is no fun anymore. <SEP> I can imagine. I don't. I can't see good enough. And it's hard to tell what I'm doing. And it's just aggrav-. You can't read labels. And you can't. I just thought of something we have to return. <SEP> There you go. It'll come to us. Are you ready? <SEP> Laurie. Tell me about your computer Laurie. I think that sounds fascinating. <SEP> We bought a computer because my husband needed to use it to do some work for a consulting project. And we called up the company and asked them details on it. We bought not a name brand because the clones are so much cheaper. And we called up the company that somebody else we knew had dealt with. And they were very happy with the system. And they felt they've gotten a good price. And we went in. We explained what we needed. And. We had to go across the George Washington Bridge to New Jersey to meet these people. <SEP> And so we went there. We told them about the stuff. And the guy said that the computer would fit our needs. And we. These things won't make any sense to you probably. But he told us we need user positions to put our own equipment in the computer. <SEP> And it's called a user boards. Or slots is what it's called. And he told us there's four sixteen bit slots and two eight bit slots available for the user. And we can put full size cards in there. And so we said great. We'll buy it. And we put in our order. And a week later we went back and picked up the computer. And then we got it home and tried to put our own board in it. And there's only one slot we could put it in. <SEP> And at this point we only have one board. So it wasn't so bad. So we used it a bit. But we tried to figure out whether we could put three in because we really need to be able to put at least three in. And. The computer was supposed to have two. <SEP> It has them. But the problem is that you can't put the type of card that we need to put in it in it. And even though they told us in advance that you could. I see. They told us there would be no problem because the salesman just doesn't really know. I see. <SEP> In some ways it has more to do with the people who sold it. They probably didn't know what they were talking about. That's completely it. The salesman didn't know. <SEP> So we went back in. And we struck an agreement with the people. Who said change the casing it comes in so that we could put in extra boards. So they did that. And we said are you sure this will work. We don't want you to go through the work and then find out that this doesn't really work anyway and et cetera. And they were doing it at their own costs. And so we said. And we went back. And we talked to the person a second time and things like that. And then we get the computer home. My husband goes to pick it up last week. And we couldn't go get it sooner because I just had the baby. And life's just a little bit complicated. <SEP> And he goes and gets it brings it home. First of all they're missing components of it like cables so you can't really test it out. And then second thing we still can't put the boards in because they have other things blocking where we need to do it. <SEP> And now we're dealing with having to bring it back again. And they say they can do something different and change some connectors. And we hope so. But it's a hassle. It really is. <SEP> You know it's just this problem with sales people just not knowing what goes on. And so much time goes past before you finally get any kind of satisfaction. I think that's the worst part. I. <SEP> So actually some things are pretty good with that because I put it on a gold credit card. And I just called the credit card company and explained to them the situation. And they said you don't have to pay for it yet. That's an advantage isn't it? It really is. I think there's a lot not to be said for credit. But that's one thing to be said for credit. How it gets you some muscle where you need it. <SEP>. And so. And I think that's really important. <SEP> Because these guys if they give us a hard time we're going to say you look. If you can't fix this to our satisfaction we're just returning the computer. That's right. That's right. <SEP> And if we do that. I just tell the credit card company don't pay the charge even though they've already paid it. That's right. <SEP> But they'll just undo the credit that they did to them. They will. That's right. They will. <SEP> They will put the kind of clout on them that you can't really do. <SEP> And. We. Hal bought me small little jam box kind of thing. So I'd. I have my ninety-three year old mother living with us. And so she doesn't remember anything. But to keep her entertained music and some of these things do help. And I thought if I had a nice little tape recorder so that I could put some good music on in there for her every once in a while. And then also so that I can copy parts off and if I can copy sections off that I can use someplace I figured this will be good. <SEP> The first time I turned it on I was recording. And the next thing I knew the tape was chewed up in the thing. So after that then you couldn't get a tape to play at the right speed in that side. <SEP> And then on the other side when I loaned it to my daughter the other day to take it over to videotaping they were doing. And she says it's wrong too because the little thing pokes out too far. And so you can't get it to run the right way either. So. <SEP> What brand is it? Do you know? So I wish I could tell you. I really don't know which brand it is. It's. But I was wondering. In our case where we knew we were buying a copy. We weren't buying on I B M P C. <SEP> And I was wondering if you. I think this is maybe a name brand. And I suspect that it's probably just a fluke. I have the papers and everything. And we're going to just take it back. But. Do you buy it at some major store? I think it was a Highlands or something like this. <SEP> Highlands. Chain down there that I don't know up here. Do they have Highlands up there? Don't they? This was a regular electronics store. <SEP> So I don't think there will be too much problem. But I guess I'm not sure whether I think things are not made as well. I think they deliberately sometimes. I think a lot of things are not made as well. Don't you? What are you. <SEP> Of course it's hard to think of an exact example. But I jus-. That's good. They're getting kind of a attitude of not. <SEP> I like electronic stuff. <SEP> For one thing. I know their work. Cars I think are not made as well as they could be. <SEP> I think that's right. The fact that. Because I. They want people to replace it after a couple of years. <SEP> The fact that they have competition with the Japanese and whatnot sometimes dwells on a fact that. I've known people who have had Toyotas for years that have had almost no repair work to do on them. They may cost a little more. But they don't have to take them to the shop every other day. <SEP> I had a Toyota. And I loved it. My Toyota did really well. It did a good job. <SEP> So part of it is that we need to develop more of a pride in the kinds of things we do so we make them better. And it kind of has to start from the top or from the bottom maybe and go clear up. People. <SEP> I think part of the problem comes in sort of shoddy workmanship. The people just don't care about what they're doing. <SEP> The whole. Nobody's really paying. Attitude is just get me my dollar so I can go do what I want to do and on. <SEP> Give me my paycheck so I can go home. What I'm doing. I think that's too bad. And it's a shame too because when you get right down to it most things if you do a good job nobody can pay you enough. There isn't any way to get paid enough. But if you do a good job you feel enough satisfaction. So whatever you're paid is enough. <SEP> And also I think. I do research. And so I'm used to sort of being underpaid for whatever work gets done. And you get satisfaction out of it. That's right. <SEP> But I think things come both from the individual side and also from the company side. I think they underestimate how much value the satisfaction. Is. Because the companies that give the attitude that. You're the last one hired. So you'll be the first one fired. <SEP> And we just want you to do your day's work. And we don't really care about you as an individual. <SEP> When you've got that type of attitude on it the people don't care about their work. And so. It probably basically goes right back into the home though unfortunately. Starts with the one person that. And so you need to really work hard at helping your kids to understand that there is value just in work for itself without any pay. <SEP> Little value just in whatever you do. That the value is in doing it well. Doing a good job of it. And.
sw3569.txt:What. How do you get your main source of current events? Until recently I was taking the WALL STREET JOURNAL. And I thought that was a good way. But I have about five different magazines that I get that keeps me up on things. It's a week or two late. But that's how I'm staying up. I either watch the news. Or occasionally I'll read the paper. <SEP> Do you like how it's presented on the news? I think the media's a little bit too manipulative. They allow you. They try to lead you too much I believe. And sometimes they're not very open. I don't know. I think they're a little bit biased sometimes. Like for example the Kennedy rape case. The coverage on that was. When it first happened it was he was guilty he was guilty he was guilty. They try to have you form opinions or whatever. And then I didn't like the things that were going on when we had Desert Storm and stuff like that. Basically I think they don't present the whole sides of everything. So it makes you feel like they're wanting you to take their opinion. Instead of reporting the news it's more like an editorial on a lot of issues. <SEP> I've noticed that too. And it's kind of distressing isn't it? <SEP> And I've noticed that they do it just with subtle little words usually just that sway the whole report by just a couple of words. When I was in school I was a communications major. So I'm well aware of the little subtle words and persuasive speaking and so forth. So communications. Were you looking into becoming a reporter. Or. I was. And I ventured off in a whole entire different field. I went with the state. <SEP> And I went with the Department of State Treasurer in retirement disability. Calculate benefits. I bet that's a interesting job. So the. And working for state government you hear all about current events about things going on within the state itself. So that's another source where I keep up with current events. And. <SEP> There's one that I'm reading right now. It's INFORMATION WEEK. It says A T and T to account for the benefits that the A I C P A now says you have to show as a liability. It's going to cost them seven point five billion after tax charge in ninety-three to account for that. It's a lot of money. <SEP> And it'll drop their earnings by a hundred million a year forever more. It's a lot of money. It is. And you have to stay up on stuff. And I bet in your job that you have to. Do you read the WALL STREET JOURNAL? I primarily deal with the state employees. But I find interesting tidbits in what the news reports as far as the state of North Carolina's budget and stuff like that. And I really know what the budget is. And when they were saying we were so poor and they couldn't pay taxes and pay people their income tax refunds and things like that. And I'm well aware of the billions of assets that the state has. And it's just funny. So that's. So I don't have a whole lot of faith in the news. Course it's. They get what they hear from. But it's not always one hundred percent reliable. <SEP> Can you think of anything that could be done to make our news media more accurate and objective? I think they need to go into a little bit more depth before they would just report somebody wants to make a statement or something like that. Because another example is the AIDS issue or whatever. Someone said I found a cure. They immediately. The headlines on the news or whatever is Someone says they found a cure for AIDS. And then two months later it's discovered it's not. Before they come out with something like that they need to research the matter a little bit more. I guess they do that so they don't get scooped. So they have the big story. That. I. It. I think the.
sw2461.txt:We're going to talk about the public school system What's wrong with it or if anything is wrong with it and what we can do about it what should be done about it. <SEP> Fantastic. One thing that pops into my mind real quick is about the funding of the school system right now. Evidently that's a big problem. It's amazing. I always thought that teachers never got paid nearly enough to be doing what they're doing. <SEP> When I was in college I enjoyed teaching. 'cause I did some teaching part-time. And I really enjoyed that. But I wouldn't want to go teach high school or junior high. It just all the problems. An you talk about stress and pressure. I tell you what. It's. They're putting in fifty sixty hours a week. Because they've got to grade papers and get class stuff ready. <SEP> Do. And they're being paid probably half what most people being paid. And. And we're paying basketball people millions of dollars a year for what. <SEP> That's right. And then they poof it off do like Tarpley. But I. What gets me is I can't believe that our state legislature can't come up with some kind of workable means to have funds for the school. It's. I just don't understand that. It's. Do you have little kids or what? <SEP> Sure don't. My wife and I've just been married about two years. But I have a sister that's a school teacher. And. My wife and I have a three year old almost four and a two year old. So we're looking at the older one going to school next year. Not this coming fall but the year after that. <SEP> So it's getting close. He's going to be going to kindergarten. So we're thinking about that. What's that going to be like. Are they going to be taught nothing. Or they going be taught something. We're going to be involved in our child's education. We're going to be teaching him what we can at home of course because I guess we don't trust the school system which is very sad. <SEP>. But if it doesn't start at home it's not going to go anywhere. <SEP> That's true. And we're going to try to teach him good values because when they get to upper level school and they start teaching them if you can play football or basketball that's what's important. Not if you can read or write or understand some science. Give me a break. That's bogus. <SEP> And one thing my wife and I've talked about are private schools. Whether we would want to invest in private schools as they're growing up because just in the Dallas area we're not real comfortable with the public schools. And Dallas school district just recently got an advised status because of their low quality schooling. <SEP> I couldn't believe that. That's one reason we bought a house here in Plano. We were hoping the school district's going to be good for resale value and so on and so forth. <SEP> But I can definitely see on down the road where we do have kids and are getting to that age that's going to be a definite concern. You talked before about the school funding. I think there's only going to be one solution to school funding which I don't think will be necessarily the best way. But I think what's going to have to happen is there's going to have to be tuition for grade school and junior high and high school kids. That's the only way they're going to fund it because if they start raising taxes for property people are going to throw a fit. That's. And that's. Taxes right now are political suicide. <SEP> And I don't think any politician's going to do that. So. And the only thing they would think of would be tuition. If it works at colleges it will work down below. And that's going to affect the people that are having kids in school of course which is probably the only fair thing to do. But it will be hard for people that have in school because they have to pay out even more. <SEP> And it's going to really hurt the middle class people. Because they're the ones that will probably have to carry the brunt of the load. That's right. <SEP> And most of the problems with kids in school carrying guns and knives and everything. What's. That's just unbelievable to me. I can't believe that. When I was in junior high and high school that never happened. You never heard about that. <SEP> We didn't even think about it. And now what do we have now. Got kids that either got a Magnum gun school. I'd be afraid to be in school teaching or even being a student. And think what's it going to be like for my oldest son when he goes to school. What's going to happen? I'm afraid for him to go. <SEP> But there again you can't hold them back. Another reason yo-. And you want to encourage them to be active and everything in school. But with all the peer pressure that's going on with all the negative things it's a tough environment to be growing up in. And lot tougher than it was when I was going to school. And that was. I graduated high school in nineteen seventy-nine. So. That was twelve years ago I guess. <SEP>. So it's lot different now. And what's it going to be like in another twelve years when my oldest son is in high school. <SEP> That's right. That's right. I'm afraid to even think about it. That is a scary thought. But I don't know. I guess what you have to do is just keep encouraging them and try to be open with them so that you can deal with the problems as they come up. That's all you can do. <SEP> And. You got to be your child's best friend even when they're a teenager and they are kind of standoffish. Still you got to be their best friend because when they've got problems who they going to go to their friends that are dealing drugs or your parents. <SEP> And if they go to their friends dealing drugs they're going to be in even worse shape. That's right. And the schools don't really encourage to stay away from that. The schools are there to teach history and that we fought the civil war etcetera etcetera. They don't teach them good values like drugs are bad. Maybe I'm wrong because I haven't been in that kind of environment for a long time. But it just is amazing. <SEP> Need to teach them good values. That's true. That's true. And. Of course if I say this is a good value someone else is going to stand up and say. And the A C L U is going to get after them and have a lawsuit. Which is going to take twenty years to resolve. <SEP> And I think you touched on it. You've got to start them at the home. <SEP> That's where they get the deep rooted values. And that's about right. That's all you can do. Then you just have to hope and pray that everything works out okay. So. That's right. I got to be going. So. <SEP> I appreciate the call. Nice talking to you today. You to. Have a good life.
sw2020.txt:. Particularly what kind of music do you like? I mostly listen to popular music. I listen to it all the time in my car. So I tend to be one of those people who switches stations a lot because I don't like commercials. But I find myself listening to popular music. <SEP> And quite honestly I have some little children. And I unfortunately found myself listening to a lot of nursery rhyme music here lately. But that's not by my choice. How about you? <SEP> I don't have that experience to share. Lucky you. I do listen to a lot of. I switch the stations a lot because I don't have a cassette player in my car. <SEP> However I do like a lot of different forms of music. So I switch quite often. I think I like. I'm really particular about the type of music that I listen to. But the. There's such a wide selection. I like a little bit of a lot of different types of music. I like music that I feel. If it is performed correctly or if it's done right or if the version is done right I like it. <SEP> But if it's not then I won't. I really don't. How do you feel about rap music? Rap. It seems to be so popular these days. <SEP> I don't really have anything against rap music. I. The one thing I do object to about rap music is when it becomes militant or if it's violence oriented. <SEP> I have strong objections to that. Actually I listen to. One time I remember I. When it was really just starting. When it was just starting I heard what was called talking blues which actually is rap. <SEP>. <SEP> And it was about. The piece of music was about forty or fifty years old. And it was incredible the parallel between it and rap. And you listen a lot. If you hear a lot of old gospel especially the black gospel. You can really pick it up. You really. It seemed to be influenced by a lot of different music. A lot of times you'll hear songs that you know they're not original but have been put to a rap kind of a rhythm. <SEP> And it sounds so much different. And yet I have a much younger sister who listens to a lot of rap music. And she thinks it's pretty funny how often I know all of the words to songs that she's listening to. And yet she thought they were brand new original pieces. <SEP> They do cover versions of standards. That's right. <SEP> I think it's kind of absurd the fact that they don't really give the original artist or the original composer the credit that is really due to them. I guess there was even a bit of ruckus caused by the M C Hammer who's really. <SEP> Seems to be the hot one of today. He used WILD THING. Do you remember that song. He used. I can't remember who the artist was on that. <SEP> Jimi Hendrix was the original. Who? Jimi Hendrix was the original. He wrote. Was it. Maybe it wasn't that one. Because it was a living person that I'm thinking of that said `` those are my words. ''. <SEP> And I guess that they because they hadn't originally gotten permission from him to use it. And he since then has amended that and paid them his royalties every time the song goes on. But. <SEP> I don't know. It may have been somebody else because I think that even Jimi Hendrix did it. I think that was a cov-. Come to think of it I think that was a cover version of a John Lee Hooker song or something. Maybe so. I can't think. It was just like. It was really old. <SEP> I. There are so many different songs. The whole thing about cover versions a lot of times. I've heard some songs that I just thought were horrendous cover versions of. I'm I don't want to listen to this. Because you think of the original is. That was really great. That was a really good piece of work. And then when you hear the cover it's what are they doing. They destroyed it. <SEP> I think a good one was. There was a Peter Frampton song. And then the cover version I thought it was pitiful. I remember seeing the video of it on M T V. And I thought it was hideous. <SEP> I did too. It was. I didn't like that either. But whatever became of Peter Frampton. There was nothing. He was a phenomenon. There was no reason for him to really come into great stardom or anything. I remember I saw him in a concert when I was. <SEP> I think it. I think it was in high school. I think that probably what did it for him was the fact that he was a good stage performer. He was very good. I remember I saw him in a huge stadium in Philadelphia. It was in J F K Stadium if I can remember. <SEP> Hundreds of thousands of people is what it seemed like. I graduated back in seventy-nine. So. <SEP> But I've really. I loved. I was really into the album oriented music even then. So I was really familiar with a lot of the A O R type music. The album oriented like James Taylor and the Beatles. <SEP> And a lot of people they go they're better than the Beatles. And I'm you don't know what you're talking about. <SEP> The comparison made between New Kids On The Block with the Beatles. It was just. You can only laugh. You just sort of. I guess I can just humor them. At this point. They. I guess our age is showing when we think that. <SEP> But I've liked a lot of the new music. I think when. I saw some promise with a lot of the new wave when it came out back in the mid and early eighties. <SEP> And then I don't know. It's in a very weird position right now. I think that. I like things like to hear what they call world music. Which is using all these natural forms of music. And. Like Paul Simon. Like. Paul Simon. <SEP> Really that's not world music. But what Paul Simon's doing is great because he's using eclectic. Drawing from a lot of different sources and making a synthesis of a new type of music. What do you mean by world music? <SEP> World music is. A lot of where they make music that they adapt to another type of listener. For example let's say you're taking an original Brazilian form of music with a certain style. And then you try to make it a little bit more listenable for another audience a North American. <SEP> And then when they hear it it's another form of music and sort of trying to draw out the best sources. The best of every type of music. <SEP> Because there are some I li-. There are some types of heavy metal that I really like. But I wouldn't say that I completely like heavy metal. I think. And it's the same way with. World music takes the forms that have really been. The cream of the crop. And then taking those qualities and then applying in the styles that are extremely enjoyable and then taking. So then it becomes a kind of music of its own so to speak. Or. <SEP> It becomes a kind of music of its own. When you listen to it it's. I think that they don't use elec-. Some of it. It's. They use electronic and acoustic interchangeably. So a lot of the stuff you hear coming from South Africa now and from West Africa that's considered world music because it's not particularly using certain types of folk styles. <SEP> But they're trying to make it somewhat more modern. I. Another good example was I heard Miles Davis. And Miles Davis worked with Robbie Shoncar if you can believe it. He's a jazz performer. <SEP> And then he's playing with Robbie Shoncar who's a very good. He's a very good arranger. Arrangement to. We're going to have to get off. The. Are they trying to. I don't know. But. We've talked our five minutes though. <SEP> But when I heard his album I heard it and it was just incredible. I've been listening to that a lot lately. I listened. And I heard. You hear this guitar. And then you hear the muted trumpet. I. Me. And you never would think that they can actually play together. But.
sw3362.txt:I'll let you start this time. How much do you like lawn and garden work? Even though it's totally out of my degree training I've been working in the horticultural aspect so the last fifteen twenty years I'm. <SEP> For goodness sakes. <SEP> What do you do? I work for the state as a grounds keeper. That's interesting. So at this time of the year are you doing much garden work? Mostly snow removal which we've had a lot of. <SEP> But I don't know. I guess growing up on the farm and that I've always had a big interest. When I have an area to do I always had a big garden and enjoy working on lawns and everything. <SEP> I love to work outside really. And I enjoy flowers and stuff. I don't do a whole lot of it at this exact point in my life because I have two teenage boys. And so they do all the lawn care. <SEP> But I still take care of the flower beds and things like that. I was even planning to go out and to dig up some hibiscus plants that will not make it through the winter here but were planted in the ground since last spring. <SEP> And I was going to dig them up for a friend and for some starters for me. And about five days ago we had a freeze down to about twenty-three degrees or something. So the hibiscus plants no longer exist. That's terrible. Twenty-three de-. <SEP> And I really feel bad about it. It's a plant that we've had for probably twenty-five years that these were cuttings off of. <SEP> So they're all gone at this point. Gardening in Texas is really interesting though. I grew up in Illinois. And Texas is just so hot in the summer and so dry. Everyone that lives in town and has yards practically has watering system. <SEP> And so with that our lawns do stay pretty nice all summer if you water. But in the winter we have Bermuda grass. <SEP> And in the winter it turns as brown as a grocery sack. And I just think it's ugly. <SEP> When I go back home to my parents in Illinois in the winter their grass is fairly green. That's one aspect of a lot of those grasses they go dormant. I think the Saint Augustine and Centipede grass is another one you have quite a bit of down there. Those two. <SEP> Some people have fescue that stays green all winter. But they really have a heck of a time keeping it going in the middle of the summer. <SEP> They have to water an incredible amount. But those lawns look nice during the winter. But they almost stick out like a pretty thumb. But when you look at the neighborhoods and they're all brown except the one. It's sort of like. I know my folks live in Arizona there. And they just grow rocks. And. That's their gardening there. I guess as long as you can have some grass there. <SEP> So. I know I was in Houston when I was working for a company once. And we were taking care of lawns out there. And that particular year they had just tons of rain. It was raining continuously. And then I know with all that moisture a lot of the lawns get a lot of disease problems. <SEP> That's true. Houston is a lot wetter than Dallas area. That's where Plano is. And just humidity just all the time it's an awfully lot more humid. Are you able to get sometimes a double crops of certain things in your garden? <SEP> I think people do. I don't have a vegetable garden. I guess I never have here actually. But. We have Neil Sperry talks on the radio.
sw3056.txt:Ed. <SEP> Books. Actually I am reading a couple of different books. One is a story. It is not a story. It is a collection of memos supposedly written by Howard Hughes. That was. It came out a couple of years ago. And I have just now gotten around to reading it. I have had it a couple years. But jus-. Who wrote that? <SEP> I do not remember the man's name. He used to be a reporter for the NEW YORK TIMES or the WASHINGTON POST one of the two. And he supposedly was contacted by this guy who had these memos he wanted to sell. And they were ones that had supposedly been stolen from the corporate headquarters in Los Angeles. They on. Romain Drive or Romain Street or something there in Los Angeles. They. Had a big warehouse kind of thing which had offices. And it was sort of nondescript for the size of the company which inside was basically a store house of a bunch of stuff he collected. He was a great collector of everything. He did not throw anything away. And supposedly this guy had been breaking there for awhi-. He was a burglar had been breaking there awhile And had ended up. I see. <SEP> He had some accomplices that were kind of suspect. And they broke in one night and found a bunch of memos that were supposedly from Hughes to his main assistant back in the fifties and in the sixties up until his death. That is interesting. <SEP> It's pretty interesting work. So. That is an intriguing type of book to be reading and trying to keep up on things like that. It's a little hard. You have to plod through it. And it does not have a real story or any plot. <SEP> You just kind of have to read and understand what is going on. And they have not made a movie of the week of it yet. I have not seen it. <SEP> But it is real interesting. I also reading thi-. It's another old book that I happen to have. I am sort of rereading it. It's a book about the Bermuda Triangle. But it's a real good book that a guy wrote who was a research librarian. He wrote sort of debunking many of the stories about the Bermuda Triangle. He was thinking many of the myths of the triangle actually could be explained. <SEP> Explained. And the reason I picked it back up was in light of when they found the airplanes in the Atlantic thinking they were Flight Nineteen. And I don't know if you are familiar with that at all. But it's. Flight Nineteen was a collection of a flight of five Navy adventures at the end of World War Two. Right after World War Two. And they were lost. And. Supposedly scooped up by the triangle. <SEP> They were. And in the book even. He wrote this book back in the seventies. And even then he had a very good case for the fact they probably just got lost and they ditched in the water. And because he goes through and brings out points from the Navy's findings and so forth. And it's probably real close to what everyone is thinking now that they just got turned around and could not find their way back. On that same topic have you ever read anything about the Amelia Earhart story whatever happened with her? <SEP> I have not. I think that would be. I am sure there is something out there. I would like to too. Because it's a lot of things coming up here lately about her possibilities of where she. I thought she was a prisoner of war or something for like ten years. <SEP> Whatever this is one aspect of it. Of course it is so weird. Cause no one will ever really know. Tha-. But it's entertaining. And it makes you think about things. <SEP> That is for sure. That is pretty much for right now. That is what I have been reading. <SEP> I kind of like to read different stuff. And I like to read a novel every now and then. But I am trying to get away from just reading novels all the time. I guess I just have not read anyth-. Usually if I find a good book I will sit for two days until it is finished. If it's that good. And I think the last one I read like that was Scott Thurow's. And that was PRESUMED INNOCENT. <SEP> And I just really really liked the way he writes. It's just incredible. I read that too. I got it right after it came out. <SEP> My. He was an assistant district attorney in Chicago while he was writing the book. And my sister-in-law lives in Chicago. And before it actually got big she sent me this book saying you might like this. This guy is from here. <SEP> And I read it and really liked it. And then about. That is when it really got big. So I. That was good I think. And the other book was in the last year. And I think I did read Tom Wolfe and VANITY. <SEP> BONFIRE OF THE VANITY. BON. I have not read that although I have heard it is pretty good. <SEP> I. That was really really good. The movie was nothing compared to the book. That is what I have heard. And. <SEP> I saw the movie. And. The movie was a joke compared to. Because Tom Wolfe is so perceptive when it comes to pinpointing society's ills and things like that and just nailing people to the wall and exposing things. <SEP> And so it was a much more intense book than the sort of flimflam that they cast off in the movie. <SEP> I know. And we are not talking about that. But I like to read gardening books and things like that. Just to tell me what to do with my garden. And. <SEP> I have a lot of computer books that. I do computer work. And so I have a lot of those. So I spend a lot of time looking through those not necessarily reading them but looking through them. But I'm interested in a lot of that. But I have got a lot of books that I intend to read. But I have not been able to yet for one reason or another. What is a book on your list. I have a list too. And I have never gotten to it. <SEP> I do not really have a list. Cause I just have all the books out. I have book shelves. And I have them all out. And usually when I am through with one I will go in and look through. I have one now and I can not remember the name of it that I got is. The sister-in-law in Chicago usually for my birthday or Christmas or something will send me another good book. And sh-. I have one. And I can not remember the name of it. It is supposed to be a mystery.
sw2109.txt:. The latest one I've seen had to do with basically a manhunt. And it was called MANHUNTER actually. The guy apparently had a mental disfunction in which he needed to go out and just slay people. Just kill them with as much blood and guts as possible. <SEP> How awful. It was truly awful. It was not one that I picked. But it did show some interesting things about the F B I. Because the characters trying to get him were F B I people. And of the few good things that were in it it did show a lot about the F B I. About the training and how they go through training and how they try to develop a mental picture of who they're looking for before they go out and do it and all the different ways they go about doing that. And it was pretty telling about the F B I and their procedures. I wonder how truthful all of that was or whether there was fiction. I imagine a lot of it had to be fictional just to keep the F B I going. <SEP> They keep it rather secretive. The most recent movie I saw was. Two of them actually. The RAIN MAN was one. That was great one. <SEP> Wasn't that fabulous. And DRIVING MISS DAISY. I loved it. I haven't seen that one yet. And I need to go see it. <SEP> You need to see that. That is the most heart rendering story of relationships between two people. Two diametrically opposed people from the stand point that one was Jewish and one was black. <SEP> And this all took place in the South. And normally never the twain shall meet. You bet especially in the South. <SEP> And it really was a fantastic movie. The acting was phenomenal. As I recall it got some Academy Awards didn't it. Jessica Tandy won best actress. And. That's right. It might have one best picture too. <SEP> It did. It did. Just as RAIN MAN with Dustin Hoffman that was tremendous and Tom Cruise. That was. <SEP> I think it was more a lesson for Tom Cruise than anything else in terms of how to act from Dustin Hoffman. But. That was what much of the hype was that Tom Cruise learned so much from Dustin Hoffman. It must have been great just being with him on a daily basis and seeing how he prepares for his lines and all that stuff. <SEP> And a good bit of that was filmed right in Cincinnati. Which is just forty-five miles from where I actually live in a suburb of Dayton. Is the Kmart there? <SEP> We do have Kmart here. You better believe it. Isn't there a Kmart everywhere? That was so funny. He had to. Or was it Kmart. He had to buy his underwear at Kmart. <SEP> That was hilarious. The first scene in that movie that really got my attention concerning the disease and all that was when he dropped the toothpicks. And he was able to count the number of toothpicks just by a mental image. <SEP> Unbelievable. There are people referred to as savants also who can do most phenomenal things. <SEP> And everyone feels they are totally retarded. Wel- because that's the way they might seem outwardly. That's right. But there's a lots going on in there. <SEP> It's amazing. And I think the best thing about RAINMAN was the way that they put together the real awfulness of the disease only. And then they balanced it with the wonderfulness of it. And you need to work with it certainly on a daily basis but then again work with it toward a good end. Not toward winning in Las Vegas for example. <SEP> And the. The warmth that developed between them. And again it was a picture of relationships. <SEP> Again the relationship between the two that never would have occurred by accident. I was so impressed with that movie. I saw it three times. Did you. I can tell you so much about that movie just because it really rang a lot of my personal background. I have a brother myself that's older. And he's not. Nothing serious is wrong with him. But we have gone through these lapses of a relationship sometimes. <SEP> And then for no real direct reason we get into a really good relationship for a while and then back and forth. So I was really able to relate to the relationship aspect of the movie between the brothers. That was neat. That's tremendous. It's good because it does make you think about your own family. A lot. <SEP> And it did bring out a lot of thoughts between you and your brother. No question. He's one of these guys though that doesn't really like to go see movies like that. He likes the bang them up and shoot them up things. And it was like pulling teeth to go get him to see it. But. He gave the best response that I've heard him give of this type of movie for RAIN MAN. He certainly didn't. He only saw it one time. And he didn't go back for more. But he said he enjoyed it. And. <SEP> He at least saw it one time. And he really. I don't know. He's kind of a Dustin Hoffman fan anyway. But before he saw the movie he was disappointed that Dustin Hoffman would do this. I'm come on. <SEP> Just think of what a phenomenal actor Dustin Hoffman is. He will do that to research it and to be able to mimic a person with the kinds of problems that he had. And to make it believable. <SEP> I was believing it. I don't know about any body else. But I was it was great. I'm sure everybody that saw it was believing it right along with them. He did great. <SEP> It's just been delightful talking with you. You take care up there. And let's hear it for the summertime. Absolutely. I'm ready for it. But they're predicting some more snow for our direction. Take care. <SEP> Take care.
sw3207.txt:I don't. I am only twenty-eight. And I haven't had much experience with nursing homes. I have never visited any of them. And I don't think I've ever even been in one. Have you? Actually I've been in them but just visiting. And we used to g- when we were in our teen ages. We'd go on Sundays and visit the older people. But I have an elderly grandma that lives with us. <SEP> And she's lived with us for five years. So I kind of know how to decide if you want to put somebody in a rest home. Or we've had those discussions about should we put her in because she's pretty senile. And. And it takes a lot of care. Twenty-four hours a day someone has to be there's someone in my fiancee's family. <SEP> It's rea-. His grandmother too and they're her son his uncle whatever. He's recently retired. And so he's the one who she moved in with when she had a stroke. And all the other children are working or whatever. <SEP> They're all my parents age. So he's got his retirement though is really twenty-four hours a day. They have a day care two days a week. They call it senior citizen day care. But she goes in the senior citizen center. So he gets a break two days a week. But it's only for two or three hours at a time. <SEP> And just you see a lot of things like was a great golfer and wanted to play golf when he retired. And you know that a lot of the things he thought he would do when he retired he's not able to do now. But he refuses to consider any other. I don't. <SEP> To put her in a rest home? And is that how your parents feel. Or. It's more my grandma that feels that way. <SEP> She says that when her husband died that my uncle had said that he would never put her in a rest home. So it's kind of. I don't know. I don't think my parents would. But she is getting pretty bad. She has to have a little toilet right by her bed. And it's. And my mom has to take care of her pretty much. So it gets. I don't know. It's a hard decision. But I don't think I would do it to my parents personally. I know at this. I know I feel like I would never do that with my parents either. But I really feel bad for the people I see th- not very. I'm not really experienced. But like I said I just have that one family. And I just really feel bad for the guy who his whole life is different now. Than he thought it would be. But. <SEP> When he retired? And he's got seven brothers and sisters. And he's the one because he's the one that isn't going to work every day and that she moved in with when she needed to move in with someone. And. It's that good for us just because my uncle and my mom switch off like we have her for three months. And then he has her for three months. That's great. <SEP> So that works out good. That's a good idea. We ought to. And maybe when the other brothers and sisters retire or whatever I don't know what they're going to do. It's really not my family. It's my fiancee's. So I can't say much. <SEP> But I always feel like I would never put my parents in either. And I wonder I'm going to be the only sibling that isn't going to have children. So if my parents do need to live with someone it will probably be with me because all my brothers and sisters will be having teenagers around and everything to care for. And I. That's fine with me. My fiancee and I both figure that's what's we're going to end up with both of the parents or whoever. If the-. <SEP> You know what I mean? We feel like it's our responsibility. And I feel like I would never put them in a home. But I wonder if one of us is going to have to quit work someday or retire early or something. <SEP> You think about it. And it's really. I don't know. This country kind of takes the worst care of the elderly of any other country. You think? I'm not really familiar with how other countries. And It's really more of a respect issue that the older people in other countries that I've been to seem to really have a lot more respect for the elderly people. <SEP> And they really seem as wise. And in this country nobody really pays attention. They're seen as senile. And the old-timer made with the old way. And nobody respects the traditions. And it's. I'm not saying that I do either. But it's just funny. <SEP> And we really don't have any that don't have the Social Security. And everything really isn't that much for elderly people to live on. Even if they're in good health it's incredible. <SEP> They don't have any. They don't get special treatment and maybe they should because we're all going to get old someday. <SEP> I know. And so it's kind of a depressing topic though. How old are you? I'm twenty. So and it must be rough for you too to see your grandmother. <SEP> It really is. And she drives us craz-.
sw2010.txt:This is Archie. Archie. I'm Sharon. Have you seen DANCING WITH WOLVES? <SEP> I've seen that. That was a really good movie. Probably one of the best things about it was the scenery. And I thought the story was pretty good too. I think Kevin Costner did a really good job with it. Have you ever lived in that part of the country? I haven't. Have you ever visited it? <SEP> I've visited the Wyoming area. I'm not sure exactly where DANCES WITH WOLVES was filmed. I think it was the black hills of South Dakota. Could be. I haven't been to South Dakota. Have you been up to that? I lived in Omaha for five winters. <SEP>. And that rolling kind of. <SEP> Terrain. Is fairly famili-. The thing that I thought was interesting was that the critics. Apparently it's going to win everything. And I had been told you wouldn't notice that it was three hours long and all this kind of. <SEP> That's true. I agree with that. I noticed yesterday in the paper something said that it. I think it's been nominated for twelve awards. And all the critics initially said that it wouldn't go anywhere that it was just going to be a dud. So it has surprised everybody. The interesting thing is I had heard that. And I tend to overreact occasionally when somebody tells me it's that great. And the thing is it was a good story. <SEP>. And I guess that's what I really like. Although I must admit I did look at my watch after about an hour. <SEP> Did you? Have you seen SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY? I've heard that's really great though. <SEP> You have to go see that one. And how about SILENCE OF THE LAMB? Go. You must really keep up. <SEP> I do. I go every weekend. I. Those are two definite must see movies I think. SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY isn't that a. Is it a terror movie. Or is it just suspenseful? It's suspenseful. I don't think it's very t-. There's not really any blood and guts in it or anything like that. It's more suspense. The other one SILENCE OF THE LAMBS is kind of a gory movie if somebody's not into that kind of stuff. It's pretty graphic at points. But I think they're both excellent movies. Do you listen to Gary Cogill? <SEP> Is. Do you know who he is? Somebody in South Carolina told me about him. He's the movie critic. You've. He's a movie critic on channel eight in Dallas. <SEP> And he has a talk show on the K L I F. Anyway it's on from seven to nine or something. And people call in. And it's. If you keep up with movies it's kind of interesting. There's a certain a mount of dribble that they do. They've got a couple of kids ten or twelve years old. And they call in. And they review movies. But it's. Anyway he. It's interesting. You listen to him. And then you go watch the movie. In fact people had just seen. I was listening Sunday night a little bit when I was going to pick up my daughter. <SEP> But anyway it was the. It's interesting though. The difficulty with DANCING WITH WOLVES is that when you make a movie like that and you produce it and then you star in it the question is did he really know it was going to be good. Or did he just do it? I think he really. His heart was in it. But I don't think he really knew it was going to be as big as it was. I think it was something that he really wanted to do. He wanted to direct it. He wanted to star in it. He enjoyed the story line. And I think he really wanted it. And whether it won all kinds of awards or whether it just was okay at the box office I think he would have been happy. Because I think he did a good job. The self-satisfaction he got out of it is much greater than any awards that they can give him. Do you know who the guy was that was playing the wagon driver? <SEP> A little piece of trivia. The guy when he first headed out from the army post. Who. I don't know who that guy is. He plays on MURPHY BROWN. <SEP> He does? He's Eldon her housepainter. As a recurring character every week? <SEP> Can you believe that? <SEP> I'd a never put those two together. That's one of those interesting pieces of trivia that somebody said did you notice that? I thought it's really funny. But I thought it. You think back. And. It was him but with the beard and all that stuff. <SEP> It's. Real scruffy looking. Real scruffy looking. <SEP> And it was really funny that he winds up playing in the movie. But I thought it's good that. It was a lot of fun. I don't know how long this conversation is supposed to go. But we're at about five minutes. I should think we've done enough. <SEP> You think so? I haven't been watching my watch. I guess. Does it usually cut off? Is that what it does? I don't know. Why do we end this thing? <SEP> It used to just automatically cut off. I think it just says hang up. But it says when the conversation is over just say your good-byes and hang up. So I guess so. Why don't we do that? <SEP> Sharon. Good talking to you Archie.
sw2406.txt:. Movies. I haven't seen too many lately. I have kids. And we went and saw THE RESCUERS DOWN UNDER over the break. <SEP> Do you have kids you take to movies. Or. No kids. It's a Walt Disney movie. And it didn't get as good a reviews as the LITTLE MERMAID their last one and got all kinds of Academy Awards and things last year. But this one was excellent. The. Was that the animated version? <SEP> It's animated. And I can't believe how good they're getting with their animation now. It's just the special effects. And in this movie there's this boy. And he rescues this bald eagle. And it's a huge eagle wing span of twenty feet or something like that. And the boy actually rides on his back. And he rides through the clouds. And you see him coming out of the clouds his head coming out and then the bird coming out. And they're flying all over with it. And I know there must have been computers or something for animation this day. But it was just so real realistic and lifelike and good animation. It was a good show. Even better than ROGER RABBIT insofar as animation? ROGER was a composite one. <SEP> There's a movie I've seen ROGER RABBIT. That's not a recent movie. But I enjoyed that show. That was made several years back. Latest one I've saw which was a mistake to go see was LIONHEART. Had Claude Van Damme. <SEP> Of course I guess he's trained in this martial arts of some sort. But the plot was bland. The acting was bland. It was just mostly centered upon his abilities to. Chop them up? Chop them up. And. <SEP> This is supposed to be the guy that's replaces Bruce Lee or whatever or the next Chuck Norris type of guy. Or he's singular. You know how they can make any single one of them in a movie to be a superstar of any sort. <SEP> Superstar. <SEP> But Chuck Norris of course could be just about equal if not more. And all of them could be in that fashion or category. <SEP>. It was about a French Foreign Legion fellow who deserts to go help his brother's wife who became a widow because he was selling drugs. <SEP> And he got killed. <SEP> Really uplifting? So he deserts and goes to New York. And he starts out by fighting to make money. And then he moves on to L A to where she is to just help him out. The Hollywood really must think there's some real dummies out there or something. I don't know. <SEP> I hadn't heard much about that movie. I. Other than it was a chop them up movie. But I guess that's one I won't go see. It was worth the buck I guess. You went to the dollar movie? They show up at the dollar movie right after they come out. They're usually not that great or didn't do that great anyway. A lot of. <SEP> Let me see. Let me see. Another movie I watched. I want to see that new one that won all those Academy Awards this year DANCES WITH WOLVES. I haven't seen that. Have you seen that one yet? <SEP> What. I absorbed all of that movie in one sitting. I guess what made it so good was the cinematography. The wide open the spaces. And the music. And it had an excellent story line. Everything about it was good. <SEP> I thought an excellent one too was MISERY with Kathy Bates and James Caan. I'm not a James Caan fan. But that was a well directed and acted movie. Is that right? I'd recommend it. It's a little on the violent side. <SEP> But then what movie isn't anymore. Our movies today it used to be X. And P G -s used to be R -s. And seems like the rating system is kind of switching that way a little bit. I have no objections to it. It's just. And it's a matter of your taste. <SEP>. It's just that. It's just that the rating system seems instead of having X now they have N C seventeen? They just changed it because X had a connotation with it. So. And even on those type they don't show what you expect. <SEP> A lot of those are really violent type movies. <SEP> Really gory. That seems to be the norm of most movies. But. This is America. <SEP> Let me see. One movie I saw RED OCTOBER. Have you seen that one? I have. That was pretty good. <SEP> I read the book before. So I knew the story line going in. But they changed some things in the movie. It wasn't the same. I thought the book was better than the movie. But I thought the movie was really good as well. I always wait for the movie. I don't have time to read the book. I don't. I read about one or two thick novels like that a year. <SEP> That's about all the time I can spare. But that was a good show I thought. I read an article on how they did all the special effects with the submarine. That wasn't a real submarine you saw in the water. It was all done in studio with smoke and mirrors and all the Hollywood magic. All those underwater scenes. I thought. It looked to me like it was a real submarine that was in the water. They. <SEP> That's the magic of Hollywood special effects. I hear this movie F X part two coming out is pretty good. <SEP> Is that right? Did you ever see the original one? I didn't. It was. You ought to rent the F X part one. It doesn't say part one. But it's F slash X. <SEP> What's that about? A special effects man who somehow gets involved in this. I'm not sure. I can't remember. It's been a while since I've seen it. But he gets involved in some sort of bad dealings with somebody. And he has to go underground. And he uses all of his special effects knowledge in doing what needs to be done. And. <SEP> To fool people. And. And using makeup and using all the props and whatever to get to where he needs to go. All the tricks. <SEP> That sounds like an interesting concept. But you need to rent the first one first. To understand what's going on in the second? If that is that the second one follows the first. I don't know if they have the original actors on that first one to that one. <SEP> They're supposed to be coming out with all these Desert Storm movies this summer too. I expected those. <SEP> They were doing their dealings with that before they even got over there I think. They had some. In some of those they retitled some movies that were going to be about Lebanese and Americans. <SEP> And they decide make it Iraqis and Americans. And they just change the title and reshot a few parts where they could. I guess they figured we can't tell the difference between an. Actual names will not be used. <SEP> Eventually they will come out with the proper names. <SEP>. It was such a. It. I guess they'll probably come out with a lot of movies. It was such a rout though. I don't know. They probably do the story of someone who was shot down early in the war or something and how he survived or about those two newsmen or whatever that got captured. Latest story. <SEP> Kevin Costner is supposed to play Schwartzkopf supposedly. Is that right? I don't know. <SEP> That's just one of the many rumors that floats around. Or what you read. <SEP> I think we've probably. Pretty much used up the tape. It's been about five minutes. It's been nice talking with you. Same. And we'll Talk to you on the next go around. <SEP> Keep on watching those movies?
sw2154.txt:How do you usually keep up with current events? Normally I listen to C N N or HEADLINE NEWS about an hour a day. And then I supplement that with radio news from my car radio and from a news magazine once a week and a newspaper if I have time. Do you. <SEP> I don't usually have time to read the newspaper everyday. So I try to listen to the radio in the morning and try to catch one of the morning talk shows. And then I usually end up flipping through C N N and HEADLINE NEWS during the evening. I always try to read the Sunday paper just because it usually gives a summary of the week's hot events. So I try to catch that if nothing else. That's true. And how do you rate the. Are you pleased with the news coverage that you're receiving? For local news I think we do real well where it's. We live in a kind of small town. But I think we get excellent local coverage. And I like the national news that we see. We watch N B C. And I think they do a real good job. So I've been real pleased with the quality of the news we get. How about you? <SEP> On the whole I'm pleased when I have an opportunity to hear just the facts. I would much prefer that they keep their analysis to themselves. Since I don't necessarily agree with it or it tends to be extraordinarily trite. I think I'm fed up with trite. There seems to be more and more of it. And I understand the void that comes naturally with both radio presentations and television presentations. And as expensive as they are to produce they certainly don't want any dead airspace. <SEP> But I think there's enough news out there that they could pass on more factual information to us. And like you said save the commentaries because I'm going to listen to the news and draw my own opinions. I don't really need their help to do that. We're certainly in agreement there. I don't think radio is as bad to do that as T V is. <SEP> Radio seems to have a full platter or full plate of different things that they need to get done. Maybe they're a little more efficient or have more to do over that same time frame. <SEP> I don't know which that answer is. I think my greatest complaint about news programs is programs like SIXTY MINUTES. Do you watch that? I used to. But I don't anymore maybe once or twice a year. I used to watch SIXTY MINUTES until they did two programs that I knew both the people and the incidences. <SEP> And I knew that they had presented an extremely slanted viewpoint that was in my estimate nowhere near truth but was much better for ratings. <SEP> And ever since that time I just don't watch. So I guess we have the same reaction whether we came about it from the same place or not. I had heard a couple of people that I had talked to about certain programs say that they had read other things besides what SIXTY MINUTES presented and that they didn't present it nearly the same way as the news articles or whatever they had already been familiar with. So I started questioning just how bias they really were. So. I don't know how old you are. But it seems to me like the last newscaster that presented news in just the nice simple factual way that I wanted to hear was Walter Cronkite. <SEP> So I don't know if you're familiar with him or not. Not really. In the last few years just his kind of informal segments I've seen. But I never got to see his actual nightly news. I liked. I did grow up with David Brinkley. Brinkley was sort of trying to be in the mold of Cronkite. <SEP> And he did a pretty good job. THE HUNTLEY BRINKLEY REPORT was quite excellent over the years. We used to watch him and John Chancellor. And I always liked David Brinkley. And I used to enjoy John Chancellor's style of reporting. But on the nightly news now he goes into his commentary. And that's where I get into the problem with him. I frequently disagree with his commentaries. So. <SEP> Once they've reported the facts all they can offer is an opinion anymore. What did you think of the news coverage of the war? I almost felt like it was too much. I found myself restricting my viewing to a couple of hours a day one in the morning and one in the evening. <SEP> I spent a number of years in the service as an intelligence analyst. And I don't need their fill-ins. Did that help you understand a lot what was going on your prior experience with the military did. <SEP> But I think it helps me everyday in trying to review the state that the world is in and try to guess where we're going. I wondered if it would help you sometimes fill in the gaps or recognize discrepancies that people like myself might not pick up on. I think my background is probably what absolutely turned me off with SIXTY MINUTES. What weekly magazine do you look at. Is it. <SEP> I like U S NEWS and WORLD REPORT. At one time or another I've taken them all for a year. I believe in giving anything a chance. <SEP> But I keep coming back to that one. So that's kind of my favorite. Does that give a pretty good overview of everything. Or does it give little encapsulated reports and then a few big stories? It's primarily a few big stories and then lots of high-level reports. <SEP> Here's what went on in Asia over the past week. And there's maybe a page of that little brief paragraphs unless that was the focus of their main stories. That sounds good if you were short on time you could get a summary real quick. It too is one those. In the interest of efficiency we all have to find ways. And I do most of my reading in the bathroom. <SEP> And it's one of those that I can read either an article or a couple of pages of those brief excerpts in the time frame that I'm going to spend in there. And it just seems to fit nicely so that I can get it read in about three days. We're working on a NEWSWEEK. For the last couple of months we got an introductory subscription. So we decided to try it because prior to that all we got were things like GLAMOUR or SPORTS ILLUSTRATED. So we decided to try to bring one in that was a little bit better for us. <SEP> To broaden your horizons make you think about different things anyway. It can't hurt. Anytime that we stop and think it can't hurt. I enjoy reading T NEWS. I try to catch it because it's another example. They just show you the words and the facts. And they don't offer any commentary. And it gives me a quick chance to be caught up during the day. Because we don't listen to the radio at work at all. So I don't like to go the whole day without hearing anything. <SEP> I'm with you. I have to check T NEWS every day. It's my noontime dose of facts. And the other thing we have that I like to check sometimes is TALKING FINGERS. Do you have that? You have different telephone numbers that you can dial. And then you dial in an access code. And depending on what topic you called in to hear about whether it was the news or the weather or a soap opera update it will give you updated information. That can give you current news updates current weather updates things like that. And it's offered through the local phone company free of charge. So that's an interesting alternative occasionally that I like to use. <SEP> It does sound very interesting. It really is nice because it gives you a wide variety of things you can call and find out about. <SEP> Maybe our phone company out here will get around to offering something like that. So that is something you might keep your eyes open for. I think it's catching on throughout the country.
sw3393.txt:. So what do you guys having up there? I haven't been up there since forty-eight I guess. Forty-eight. That's a long time. <SEP> It wasn't forty-eight. It was forty-eight. I was in the Air Force. We did an air show out at Andrews. Andrews? <SEP> So what's it been like up there? For the past week or two it's been cold and wet. But before that for most of the year it's been hot and dry. <SEP> September was hot and dry. October. September really was. I'm not sure about October. I think for about twelve months through September the average temperature has been higher than normal each month. Lots of ninety degree days during the summer. <SEP> It really has been strange here this year. Course this whole year has been a different year in more ways than one. <SEP> But we have all these. Somebody said you're either a stranger or a fool to try to predict Texas weather. But. Always they were saying it was going to be the hottest summer ever. And we had all this rain. And it really is not a bad summer at all really cool. But all of a sudden in October it got real hot and dry and just stayed that way for a long time. And then the end of October it started rain almost a week without stopping just pouring down. There were flash floods everywhere that kind of deal. And then into of November the first week actually we had a freeze. <SEP> And the average first frost is the fifteenth of November here. If you had it early. But usually it's not until later. It's really strange. I think we usually have a frost in October. <SEP> But. We really need the rain that we've been getting. And it has not today. But the last few days it's been pouring most of the day. Is it flooding anywhere? Flooding anywhere. I have not heard of any problems of it flooding anywhere. That's occurred certainly at times in the past. But. I've not heard of any particular problems this time. <SEP> It's just kind of clou-. We're supposed to have a chance to get some rain the next couple of days here which will be a little bit more typical autumn weather. But really it's strange. We haven't really had an autumn. It's like we went into winter. The poor trees said what. We had summer lasting long. Then it became winter today it's sort of change to warmer to sort of more typical autumn day. <SEP> It's. There. Usually there's. I have a farm a hundred miles east of here in East Texas. And all these huge trees just like the eastern hard wood belt all the way up to Maine. It's that same trees pines and hard woods hickories and oaks and stuff. <SEP> And I was up there last weekend. And there are trees that still have their leaves on. And they're green. But they're dead. The freeze just got them. They weren't ready for it at all apparently. And we haven't had a typical fall at all. Not much color changes have occurred at all. Really weird this year. I'm not sure what that means. I don't know. Our leaves are all on the ground now. I think it was an especially good winter for fall colors. <SEP> So you all actually had some color? It kind of crept in. And. We did for a time. <SEP> It's usually beautiful up there isn't it? Gorgeous. That's. I think you could drive along in Maryland and look at the sweet gum trees on each side and the pines and what not. And you could be driving along in East Texas and looks just the same. It's almost identical kind of country. <SEP> Beautiful. Been that this year for the trees for the leaves. <SEP> I was up there cutting some firewood this weekend. So. <SEP> Little oak tree that was dead and cut it up and split it. That's because it can't tolerate a freeze this early. Is that right? If it would came later it would be all right? <SEP> There's some trees. Like the oaks the white oaks seem to be pretty hardy. There's. Nothing bothers them. Their leaves are still green. And. There are a few oaks that have lost their leaves. What I notice mostly is the red maples that the leaves are just dead the dogwoods still look they got bit on the ends of the leaves a little bit. But they still look pretty good. It just depends on the tree.
sw3133.txt:. I guess first of all I could have asked that before. <SEP> Do you have children? Because I didn't know if that would make a difference in how you felt. <SEP> What do you think about the proposal that all young Americans should spend a year or two. I think it's a good idea. I think everybody should put in their time so to speak for the good of the nation and for the good of themselves. I think it's. Would everyone grow up and mature and realize what this country's all about. <SEP> I just. I guess that's something that my family has always believed strongly in. And I had opportunities in high school to work in some programs. Did you? <SEP> And I agree with what you said that it benefits the person doing it so much I don't think they realize. <SEP> And I think it gives you a better perspective on life. And it gives you a little bit more a glimpse of the real world. And it would certainly help the country too. <SEP> I think that's probably like quite a few things that the kids maybe not so much nowadays but used to go through. They did things for people for their communities for their families for their friends where now I'm not sure they really do. <SEP>. I think sometimes through groups and organizations. When they asked the question I thought that sounds wonderful. And then I wondered if people were unwilling. But I think even if you went in with a negative attitude I don't think it would stay negative very long. But I do know through some organized groups like Scouts and church they do still have opportunities. <SEP> That's probably true. <SEP> But I think that's a small number could. But even through those groups do you think that they participate as much as maybe they used to? Not as much as I remember growing up. And that was something in the fifties and sixties seemed more common in the last two decades. <SEP> I think that's probably true. But. I think it's probably more true still in the smaller communities then in the larger cities. <SEP>. Where abouts do you live? What part of the country? I live in Richardson right now. Which is just. <SEP> We're in Plano. So we're not far apart. One of the calls I'd gotten before was down to Austin. And I know a friend of mine talked to someone in the midwest. So I know there is the possibility that it could be out of the area. <SEP> I hadn't even thought about it being out of the area. But you're right. I grew up in a real small town in Florida. I mean a real small town. And I think it was just. Of course it was back in the fifties. And I think it was real prevalent back then. I think people thought more of others than they do now. As far as doing things for them and then gaining benefits from it. <SEP> And maybe this would be a way to get that feeling back. If we've lost some of that. And it seems in the last decade or two that's true. Maybe that's a way. If young people had to do it maybe that would start the trend back because that's one of the things I always thought was a wonderful part of our country. Is helping others. <SEP> I do to. I do to. I'm not sure that today's kids would go for it though. I think you would have to start younger. <SEP> I don't know how young you'd have to go. But I think by the time they're early teenagers anyway I think it's too late now. At least around here. I think it does help even preschoolers. They're things even just starting around the home. <SEP> Little ones can do a little bit to help the family. And just watching the parents do things too it can start a pattern. There's always something no matter how young. And then that helps develop that attitude. I guess I would really like to see this happen with families more. I think this is certainly a possible way to handle it. But I wish. That's something that I think that has been lost in families. And I think that's a good place to start again. I think it has to start in the families first because if you don't do it for your own immediate family you're sure not going to do it for anybody else. <SEP> And I do think the schools. If you're trying to do something even with food drives. And sometimes what Richardson and Plano both. When you live in areas like that where there's so much they don't realize what a small percentage of the world that is. That's. I'm sure not even one percent of the world is as fortunate as these areas. And it's. That's probably true. That's probably true. <SEP> I know our church youth group starts with projects young. But they have a high school group that works in the Appalachia area every year. They've done this for fourteen years now. That's great. <SEP> And it's. And they've also see that there's a different way of life and those families are really close. Some of the things that we talked about that were common in the fifties are still there. <SEP> And it really. Every youth that's ever gone really has felt that their life has been changed. And it's changed their perspective. And that's just the two weeks during the summer. So if two weeks could have that kind of effect I would think. That's great. <SEP> I'm glad that there are still some areas that get the youth involved in that sort of thing. That's. Like I said I think it does. Even a small amount of exposure can make a vast difference in their attitudes. <SEP> I guess. Did you have anything else? I guess that's about all. <SEP>. I enjoyed talking with you. Good talking with you. <SEP> And I hope you have a good evening. You too. <SEP>.
sw2405.txt:How are you today? I'm great. As a matter of fact before we started this conversation I was working on my P C at home. <SEP> Do you have one? I don't have one at home. I work with one at work continually. <SEP> But I do not have one of my own at home. Do you have. What do you have at home? We have an. Actually it's a T I computer. But it is the I B M clone. <SEP> It's not the T I P C from back when. <SEP> From the oldies but the goodies. It's probably pretty close to what I have because I have the same kind of thing at work. I have a three eighty-six S X which is T I computer. But everything is in I B M mode. So. That's what we have. <SEP> Do you use it a lot at home? I really do. I am an accountant. But I work at home. <SEP> So you're on it a lot. So I use it for that quite often. We have used some of it for some personal things. We keep track of personal budgets and things like that on it. I. Since it's tax season I'm doing a lot of taxes. So I do a lot of that work on it as well. <SEP> I was amazed when I took our taxes to our tax person. And she works out of her home also. And the software that does the taxes is just incredible. It is. <SEP> She just. I expected to go and drop the stuff off and go back two weeks later. And she had it done and out in twenty minutes on her little P C. You can. It was great. You can. That's right. <SEP> That's wonderful. I have often thought that having one at home would be neat. I just don't know if we would really use it that much. We really. We didn't decide to get one until I started working at home. Then we thought we can use it for some personal things. We di-. For us it really took a business application to justify the expense of it. <SEP>. I know my stepfather bought my mother a little personal computer probably three years ago for Christmas. And it's got some stuff on it. It's got a nice little word processing software on it and some budgeting type things and stuff. And I don't think she's ever touched it. <SEP> It just seems like a lot of trouble for something at home. She always seems to have better things to do than to try to sit down and figure out how to use her computer. So. She could just as easily do those things by hand. Just as quickly. <SEP> I know my boss has bought the software that his checkbook is on a disk. And he goes in and types his checks on the screen and then hits print. And they print out on the checks. And he's ordered envelopes with the windows in the right places. <SEP> And he just whips out. I saw him yesterday morning over there. And he paid his monthly bills. And he just wrote all the checks on the screen and hit print. And it printed out like ten checks. And he just. They're perforated. And he just ripped them off. They go through just a continuous thing on the printer. And he ripped them off and stuck them in the envelopes. And there they went. And he said I can balance my checkbook in seconds because it's all in the computer. <SEP> So. And there's not going to be those adding mistakes that we all make. That's exactly why. He said used to be I always sat looking for those. He said this way there isn't any. It does it for you. So. This. There are definitely some advantages to it. It's just a matter of like you say does it justify the cost if you're using it strictly for personal business. So. I think in most cases I'd have to say no. Not unless somebody really enjoys it. Or perhaps is using it for education. <SEP> I have a four year old son. And we have some education programs that he likes. A little Sesame Street one. And we have another one that plays music. And he really likes that one. <SEP> As he grows up he'll be even more and more too. That's right. That'll be great. And. On. Now I think about it. I guess for kids as they get older. Especially now when they get to junior high school and even college. <SEP> My sister went to college started about three years ago. And she had to have a computer. It was a necessity. <SEP> I. She couldn't imagine going through college without a computer. I'm going through right now. I'm going part time in the evenings. And I do. Everything has to be typed. They require it. You have to type it. <SEP> And so I'm up here nights and weekends working on the P C up here typing stuff. So I can see where it would be a great advantage to have one at home if you were going to school. Any more I don't even know if a college kid would have a typewriter. You. I don't know. Probably not even. <SEP> And they probably used to have it. I just finished a major research paper a couple of weeks ago. And I couldn't imagine not having that thing on a disk where I could go back in and move stuff around and change it. I don't know what they used to do before they. Unfortunately in our family my husband and I went through college together. And then he went on and got his Master's degree while I was working. <SEP> And I'm the better typist of us. And we just had a regular old typewriter not even a correcting one back then. <SEP> And you had to type all of his papers. It wasn't that long ago. But I typed his Master's papers and things on a typewriter. <SEP> To have a computer back then. Cut your time in half at least. At least. <SEP> At least. And then of course you have some changes to make and do the whole thing over. You take out a sentence. On a computer you take it out print it out. Take out a sentence on a piece of paper. <SEP> You do the whole thing over. That's right. I remember when I was working in high school I was working in an office right after I got out of high school. I continued working there for probably another year. And we did everything on a typewriter everything. <SEP> But it's amazing. Then when someone would have you type a letter they did it right. They were. The first time. They sit there. And they go is this really what I want to say. And you typed it. And that was it. And now people just send it back over and over and over and over. That's probably one of the problems and frustrations that it's brought about because people do feel like we can just change it. <SEP> We'll try this out and see what it looks like. Use it as just a. Instead of knowing what they want to say before they eve- they just play with it which in a way is nice to be able to do. <SEP> But it gets a little out of hand sometimes. I've seen it get out of hand up here where we've got a secretary that sits over here that's keeping metrics right now and keeping up of all the letters I type how many of them do I make changes on. And on each letter what types of changes. Are they typos? Are they because I couldn't read it. Or people just change one word because they think it sounds better or whatever. And she's also keeping what percentage of letters am I retyping for whatever reason. <SEP> And there's one week she did retypes on ninety percent of what she typed. I believe it. And it's ridiculous. And that was the high week. But it's running about seventy which is still ridiculous to have to make changes to seventy percent of everything that she types. <SEP> It's good that she does that bring it to people's attention. That's exactly right. She keeps several weeks' worth of data and then in addition is keeping copies of all the changes to show look this didn't really need to be changed. This is ridiculous and changing add this time to now. <SEP> That's the kind of things that she's keeping and showing that this was a big waste of time it was a waste of paper it was a waste to change something like that. Anyway maybe it'll help in some way. But I don't know. There definitely even with the few disadvantages like that are far better than the alternative. I have to. <SEP> Without a doubt. Without a doubt. I would like to get one at home some day. We've got a two year old son. And so some day I would like to get even just the video or something like that just to be able to pull in sources from outside would be wonderful. So. Especially when they're in school I think they would get a lot out of it. I do too. I do too. The on line encyclopedia just sounds wonderful. That sounds like such a great idea. It'd be kind of fun to be able to play with it. I know my father had a P C. And when we were in high school it was always fun. We could link in. And I don't even remember now what it was called. But you could link in and talk to people all over the country. <SEP> And you have your own little code name. And you'd type in how are you. And they'd type back and everybody. And you'd have five or six or seven people talking to each other at the same time. And everything everybody said prints out on your screen as they're typing it. And it was just great fun. It was very expensive because the whole time you were on there you were on long distance. It was like a long distance phone call. So we were each limited to twenty minutes a day. So. That still could add up. <SEP> It added up big. My parents were divorced. And so the time we were visiting our father in the summer time. So he felt like he could splurge and let us do it. I'm sure we would not have been allowed to do that under normal situations. But when you're doing the guilty father complex because he's not there to watch us grow you can kind of get all kinds of stuff. <SEP> That's sad. It was nice to talk to you. You too. <SEP> Have a. Have a nice day. You too. <SEP>
sw2866.txt:H-. Myrna how do you get your news? Most of it is from the radio and also from the news programs that we watch in the afternoon. <SEP> We usually watch the local news and the national news both. I'm pretty much the same. I find that. I'm a graduate student. And I read a lot for school. And I find I have no patience to really read a newspaper because I'm reading so much all the time. And I really enjoy just sitting down and watching a news broadcast. <SEP> You can always get up and leave that. That's true. I just don't seem to have time to sit down and read the paper. Either. By the time I get home from work it's already time for the news to come on. <SEP> That's right. So it's so much easier to sit there. And besides I can be doing other things and still listen to the news. That's right. I agree. That's. A lot of times I eat while I'm watching the news. <SEP> The same thing. Is there any. What did you think about the coverage over in the Persian Gulf? I think they did a great job. I thought so too. It. For a while when we were really interested we saw it all the time. Some of the stations carried it for twenty-four hours for a couple of days there. And then the special reports and the extended news coverage I thought was really good. <SEP>. And you could always find some channel that had something on. But you didn't necessarily have to watch the same thing all the time. Just news. That's right. <SEP> I noticed that one thing that T I did they do have television monitors stationed throughout our buildings. And they used to have a program called T News and just updates of different things that were going on within T I. Well when all the mess in the Persian Gulf came about they started carrying C N N. <SEP> They have had so much good response from this that T I now has C N N on all the time. That's great. <SEP> So we can always run upstairs and get a quickie update on what's going on if we really want to. Or if you have a break in the middle of the day you take a coffee break you can always stay informed. <SEP> That's really good. That's I've found that when I went back to graduate school I just didn't have the money to rent a cable T V line or whatever. So I don't get C N N which was a big disappointment. I used to watch. That was my. If I wasn't home. I'm a college teacher. And sometimes I teach in the evening. So I'll miss the evening news. And you could always catch a good news program at eight o'clock or nine o'clock on C N N. I think that really has changed the way I look at the news. <SEP> We don't get it either. We live out in the country. And we just don't have it available out there where we are. But when we did have it that's what we usually watched was C N N. <SEP> And sometimes we'd watch the weather stations. That's same. That's. When I had it I watched it religiously for half an hour. And then you could go on to do what else you wanted to do. I find I read very little. I don't even get a regular newspaper and because I don't drive that much. I only live about a mile from where I go to school and work. I find I spend so little time in the car that I don't really listen to the radio. I don't. So television is my main new source. <SEP> I get that too because I'm in a van pool. And I'm in the van two hours a day. An. To commute to work? <SEP>. And in the morning I try to sleep because it's dark thirty. <SEP> But in the afternoon I try to read. So I can not pay attention to what our driver is doing. I can. The van pools I know that. And I'm in the Baltimore Washington area. And I know they do van pool a lot here from some of the outer areas. But if you want a nicer home beyond the suburbs. I. That's necessary. <SEP> Are you in Baltimore itself? I am right outside Baltimore. I am less than a mile from the Baltimore line. And I go to a campus of the University of Maryland that is just less than a mile from my house. So I'm actually in Baltimore. You could say I'm in Baltimore. <SEP> I have two kids over there. In Baltimore? In D C area. <SEP> One works for the State Department. And her husband is in the Navy. And he's stationed at Bethesda. An. That's a really nice area Bethesda area. It's funny. There's a big difference between Baltimore and Washington even though they're so close. There's only an hour less than that between the two. But there is a big difference in things like property values. And the closer you get to D C the more expensive it is. <SEP> And the different slant. Washington it really is an international city where Baltimore is hometown Baltimore. There's really. Most people have relocated to the Washington area. I'd rather have Baltimore with the home town atmosphere. That's. I like it a little bit better too. It's interesting though to meet different populations. Being from Pittsburgh originally. I'm just now meeting different populations like Chinese students and things. And I find that really interesting to imagine. Here is somebody that was in China two years ago when all that was going on in Beijing. That's an interesting perspective. But I really. Much like the hometown area. And I think that also goes. It's funny. You can watch different news. I can watch Washington news or Baltimore news. And I really do watch Baltimore news. That really makes. I don't really bother with the Washington station because it's so far removed from what I'm interested in. <SEP> Most of what they're talking about in Washington is the crime problems that they're having there. It was just a big thing recently. They've had some terrible problems with Hispanics. They had to impose a curfew in two of the areas in the Washington suburbs. The mayor. They've gotten rid of that really bad mayor and then brought in. I heard about that. And then came a woman that's. She's big in the Democratic party. So that's good. So she has good national ties. But she also was something like a state auditor or something like that before this position. She was a state auditor. I guess she was an auditor general or something like that for the District of Columbia at Washington. And then she left that to get a position with the Democratic party. And now she ran for mayor. So fiscally she's pretty tight and she's cleaning house. And it looks like hopefully she'll do a nice job for Washington which is. You sort of feel sorry for a lot of the people there. From what I pick up on the news it's a difficult process to get rid of a bad mayor. <SEP> I know both of my kids didn't want to live anywhere around the downtown areas. They both moved way out. <SEP> I think one of them lives in Germantown. And I can't remember where the other one lives. But Germantown is a nice area. It's a nice area. <SEP> It's means they have to drive a little bit. But. They might be car pooling too. Do they car pool in? Are they driven by themselves. I think he carpools. <SEP> Because he's got fairly regular hours since he came back. But they have probably been carpooling together in fact. Because she had been called back up active duty. And then she was supposed to have gotten out of active duty as of last Friday. So I haven't talked to them this weekend. I don't know what the situation is. But she was. They didn't call you for Mother's Day? <SEP> We were gone. You weren't home? D-. We weren't home. But she had called and left a message on our recorder. But I had that from all my kids except for one. That's good. <SEP> I guess we should stop now. I thank you for calling. I have enjoyed it. <SEP> I really do like this program because I get to talk to people from all over the United States. So do I. I've become very aware of different political views because some of the things we have to discuss are very politically motivated or whatever. I really enjoyed it. It's so funny when you live in one part of the country you only see that perspective. It's interesting to see the wider world. So I enjoy it. Thanks a lot and. Thank you.
sw2139.txt:. Where to start. <SEP> I think. I haven't had that much of course. I just heard. But I haven't had that much time to think about it either. I guess the biggest thing I find is the financial aspects particularly the ability of people to access your financial records or your credit rating almost at will. <SEP> That's true. I didn't think about that. And of course flying. Using your Social Security number of course permits people to do that. <SEP> And almost anything you do now a Social Security number is required. And of course there's another aspect of this too in terms of invasion of privacy. I just thought about it. Being a professional of course you probably belong to one or more professional organizations. And that is that. Some of the organizations sell their mailing lists which I think is an invasion of privacy. <SEP> I agree. I get some of these things in the mail that I wonder where in the world did they get my address or where did they get my name. <SEP> And in fact some of these things I get some of these questionnaires. It's funny because I was in the process of filling one out when I decided I would make this phone call. But I haven't got to the end of it yet where it asks all that salary information and everything. But when you have to send that back in the mail with your name on it your salary information I just have a real hard time doing that. And they ask you what type of household items do you own like stereos and T V -s and V C R -s. And you hate to send something off with your name and address. And what types of things do you own. And what kind of money do you make. And you wonder who's going to get ahold of this and think that's a nice place to go rob. And not only that it opens you to phone solicitations. <SEP> And I've noticed more and more over the last six months. I am getting more at home phone solicitations for a variety of things from. <SEP> I got one tonight about six thirty when I sat down to eat dinner. Carpet cleaning. I've had them for carpet cleaning. I've had them of course for real estate investments. <SEP> You get send in this particular card and you get a free trip or something along those lines. And so that bothers me because of course I enjoy being at home and I do not enjoy getting called by strangers soliciting. <SEP> So having your. And I know that a lot of these of course are random phone calls. They just start going through the phone book or going through a series of numbers. But some of them are sold. And I know you. Talking about mailing lists the. I. There is one particular group to which I belong. And for some. Reason they have three different names for me. <SEP> The address is the same my office address. But they have one under my first name James. They have one under my first name and middle initial. <SEP> Then they have a third one under just my two initials. And I get mail here at home under each of those names. <SEP> So I know that they have sold their mailing list. <SEP> And I think those two things bother me more than anything else as far as an invasion of privacy. And I can't really think of anything else offhand that. I think I dislike the phone number part the worst. It's one thing to get junk mail because you can just put it right in the trash. But it's the phone calls. And usually when they call you it's going to be right when you sit down to dinner because they pretty much know that you're at work all day. And they call you right when you've just gotten home from work. The last thing you want is a phone call unless it's something halfway enjoyable. But if it's a salesperson it's just something you don't want to have to mess with. And I've gotten a lot of them lately. Or I'll. Sometimes I come home from work. And there's a lot of hang ups on my answering machine. And I'm just assuming it's probably a salesman that called during the day. And I wasn't home. And they'll probably call me up and call me back and bother me when I sit down to dinner later on. But I find that very annoying. The mail stuff. <SEP>. It's kind of irritating. But it's not nearly as obnoxious as the phone calls. I think you mentioning the phone calls during dinner. <SEP> I know when I sit down with the family and want to have the opportunity to talk and see what's going on and all those things. Even if friends call it irritates me. <SEP> So I try to. Actually during that period of time usually from six o'clock or six thirty whenever I get home until eight or so I will shut off the phone. <SEP> And my daughter gets irate when I do that because she's a teenager. <SEP> So she'll. Why are you cutting off the phone I might get an important phone call. So I guess those three things are the most irritating to me. <SEP> I agree with the phone too in that I'm single. But when I come home from work there's times I need to pay bills. I need to balance my checking account. I need to do all kinds of different things like that. And even though it's friends calling sometimes you just feel like this is my quiet time. I need to get things done. And the phone ringing bothers me. But that's where answering machines are nice because if it's really important they'll leave a message. And I can call them back. That's right. But at work I have so many phone calls from customers calling in. Sometimes I just want to get away from the phone ringing because it really does annoy me. And if I've had a lot of phone calls during the day occasionally when we have. This past week. We have to do a lot of troubleshooting when the programmers have installed a new system. And phone rings like crazy. And you come home. And the last thing you want to do is have to answer the phone. And if it's some salesman that just makes it even that much worse. And it just. I get to where I turn the answering machine on and just let it pick up the phone. But now with this thing I'm participating in I kind of have to answer it because you never know if it's the switchboard or if it's somebody calling that you really don't want to talk on the phone. <SEP> Now we have a voice mail system at the office. What I have done is I have forwarded my home phone to the answering service at the office so that I do not have to have a ring at all. If I want to do that. <SEP> A ring at all. <SEP> That's an idea. <SEP> Or I will just let the phone ring three or four times and know that it will forward to the office. And so it makes it convenient. But at the office when I. On our system and on most systems you can just route it directly to the answering service. Ours is that way too. <SEP> And when I want to be not bothered during the day that's exactly what I do. And so. Yours is probably the same as ours. It's Tigon. Isn't Tigon part of G T E or vice versa or something like that. <SEP> Seems I read. Tigon is part of G T E. <SEP> That's it. That G T E had purchased Tigon. And. That's what we have. <SEP> Except we call it Aspen. Aspen? <SEP> And we. I couldn't remember in Tigon had purchased G T E -s phone mail services or if G T E had purchased Tigon. I knew there was some type of a tie in there. I remember reading in the paper a few months back. But. G T E purchased Tigon. <SEP> And so we had been using the Aspen service before they purchased Tigon. So I imagine we will be shifting over to that service in a while. As soon as we determine what we're going to do with Contel after we bought Contel. <SEP>. <SEP> Dana I think we have probably conversed long enough. I think we did. That's good. <SEP> I didn't think we could go too far on this privacy thing. But I guess it's close enough. <SEP> Thank you for calling. I enjoyed talking to you. Good talking to you Jim. <SEP> Take care.
sw3449.txt:. I haven't talked to anybody outside the Metroplex. So I didn't even think of saying Arlington Texas. <SEP> This is a real first. Are you at work? I am. <SEP> I've been trying to get people at five thirty and six thirty in the evening. And I thought I'm not having any luck. I'll try the middle of the afternoon. I'm happy we got through. I am too. Do you have any opinion on the subject? I'm especially interested with what's happening in the Soviet Union. The Ukraine's vote basically to secede and set itself up independently is quite a remarkable counts. <SEP> Democracy. Is that reported in the Texas papers? <SEP> We hear a little of the news. I have heard about that the last couple of days. How big is the Ukraine the area. Do you know? As an area it's not. Or a population or anything. I'm really uninformed. I'm afraid I don't have the statistics in front of me. <SEP> It's not a tiny area. If I was looking at a U S map I would say it sort of reminds me of a. It's not as big as California proportionately. But it's more significant in the sense of it's a great agricultural region. <SEP> I see. I didn't really know that. I know a lot of their countries that they had overtaken or wanted to be independent or several of them. And what about Astonia. Are they. They're completely out now. <SEP> I thought they were. The three Baltic republics got out as quickly as they could. But the Ukraine is especially significant because of the agriculture? It's very important for the economics of the Soviet Union. <SEP> So there were probably really fight to keep it in if they could. Except they can't fight. They don't. It's done democratically. <SEP> And Bush has already given his opinion on it? Didn't I read that? <SEP> So now not that that may matter. I don't know anymore. I fear for the Russians from what I read. I wonder how they're going to get through the winter. Food wise or any wise. Sounds to me like they'll start rioting soon or not that that would do any good. But I guess people do that when they're desperate. That's true hasn't happened here for a while. But it. <SEP> That's true. Since the Depression. When the veterans went to Washington. And the war riots of course. Let's just hope we don't get to that point. <SEP> Things are not so good in Texas job wise. I hear you have some problems. We do. We have lots and lots of layoffs here. Lot of companies folding lot of layoffs. And it's pretty scary. Do you blame the government in Washington for this? <SEP> I don't understand economics that well. I don't know. I know that we have a terrible situation with foreign trade and that other countries put a lot of restrictions that we don't. And so I assume that that has. A great effect. <SEP> And they said during the way Reagan-Bush years the rich got richer. The poor got poorer. The statistics prove that. So I guess. Then you think it's Reagan and Bush have done this. Or is it just coincidence it was during this period? <SEP> I really don't know. I think maybe they contributed to it. Maybe they should pay more attention to the more equalization of the trade. Of course if somebody in China can make something for ten cents and we have to make it for ten dollars because we have unions I don't know what's going to happen then. The Chinese use slave labor too. <SEP> That's one of the ways they get away with it. And child labor. <SEP> I don't know. What do you think has caused our horrible situation? I don't think there's any one simple answer to the whole thing. One thing. That's very complicated. <SEP> They say too that having a democratic congress and republican President is not good. I've read that is a theory. Which one are we going to throw out? I hate to say it. But I'm tending to go straight back into my original democratic party. <SEP> Texas used to be a democratic state didn't it? I know. It used to. You don't want too many democrats anymore. And for a while I kind of deserted the party. But now it's looking better to me. I like your governor. <SEP> Do you? I'm glad to hear that. She's an impressive woman. I think so too. I just admire her a lot. <SEP> And I really hope she does well. But she's probably more popular out of the state than she is here although she did manage to win. But look who she was running against. Anybody could beat Claytie in Texas. <SEP> He shot himself in the foot so many times. How did you get on this T I thing? I know some of the people.
sw3219.txt:Why don't you start. You probably have a job you need to get to pretty soon. I'm already on my job. You are. <SEP> So you reached me at my job. How do you dress for work? My dress for work most of the time is rather comfortable and casual usually slacks and a soft colored shirt. <SEP> The thing that distinguishes me a lot of the time when I have to dress real professionally for a meeting or something is I wear a clerical collar and a suit and all of that sort of thing. But when I don't need to dress up for a meeting or a service of some sort I don't. <SEP> You're in a church there? This is my first morning to work down at our little church preschool. And they've told me to wear just something terribly comfortable because these are two year olds. And they have BIBLE lessons. And they have all the things during the morning. But they still have snack time and play time. So I'm going to be dressing just in casual slacks and T-shirts probably not blue jeans but little bit short of that just tennis shoes and play clothes. <SEP> Around there you can probably wear T-shirts and other things. But around here at this time of the year we are into sweaters and coats. I'm envious. <SEP> It's a beautiful day here. And it's in the sixties. But we still have a lot of hot afternoons. It's supposed to be eighty-five today. So you'll still see people. It's kind of an in between change that they're in their summer clothes during the afternoons because you just can't stand the sweaters. But in the mornings people are dressing for work in their sweaters because they just want it to be fall so badly. Today we wear coats. And as the day warms up we may go to light jackets. Did you? <SEP> But I don't think there's an escape from light jackets. I understand. The wind will take away a lot of body heat. Are the people around you dressing similar to you? <SEP> Very similar. You don't have to buy the lot of the wardrobe that some of the people in banking and that kind of thing do. I'm not stuck with that kind of a situation. That's good. <SEP> That's good. As I say unless it happens to be. Yesterday I had to dress up and be more formal because I had a formal meeting at noon time. <SEP> But then I can go home later in the day and be a little more casual. That's wonderful. And then if I have a meeting of people that I know I can be very casual in the evening. My husband has to take the bus into Dallas and doesn't return all day. So he has to dress. And he just really hates it. They have the long sleeve shirts and the whole tie and the whole suit. And even when his job is not going to be with people all day long he said it's just part of the uniform and the expected image that they have to dress. <SEP> Around here in a lot of places that's the way it is. There are expected dress codes. <SEP> And the people need to follow that. I think years ago I used to be far more committed to the idea of a dress code. But I've relaxed a lot more as I've gotten older and become more comfortable with myself. I think that's great. I think that's good. <SEP> It's taken a long time to break away from that. I understand. <SEP> But now that I've broken away from it I'm glad I have. Another interesting thing on our end here is how much younger I dress than my mother would have in her forties. And I will run around to the store in slacks and tennis shoes. And she. You mean you don't need to wear little old house dresses any more? And pearls. And she would not have even probably owned a pair of tennis shoes after she got out of high school. <SEP> So she tells me I dress young. But that's okay. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. There's not a lot more I can think of to discuss on clothing. <SEP> There. I guess this is what you call a natural end. What kind of shoes do they wear down there? We wear. Of course like I said if my husband's going downtown he's got the whole men's dress shoes. <SEP> But for as out here just anything that the moms. We all kind of have our own little dress code of just either tennis shoes or little loafers and tights and things that feel comfortable to us around our kids. We can wear pretty much that although tennis shoes are kind of out in almost every situation unless you want to look like a gook. I'm sure they are there. <SEP> I'm sure they are. That's right. I'm sure that true. It's a lot different than working in a kids preschool. <SEP> A lot different. That's right. You all have a nice day there. You too. And thank you for calling. Thank you very much. <SEP>.
sw2249.txt:Where do you live? In the Houston area. I used to. I lived there for a long time. But I'm now in Palo Alto California which is the recycling capital of the world. <SEP> That's great. So we have many recycling activities. And I'm in full support of all of them. We are too. Our community is just starting to get organized about it. They just opened up a recycling center where we go and donate our things and dump them off ourselves. <SEP> And it. That's something. But it seems to me that we've gotten a whole lot better cooperation out here by setting it up so that we pay just a little bit extra. Actually I don't think we pay very much extra at all too. But the garbage men come by on your regular garbage day and pick up the recycling out at the curb. <SEP> I think that's great. There's a few places in Houston where they're trying that out. I don't know if they've done it citywide yet or not where they have the color coded bags and bins. We have burlap sacks. And they give us one for aluminum and steel one for metals and one for glass. <SEP> And then you can either bundle your newspapers or put them in grocery bags. So we leave three little piles that they need out on the curb every Thursday. And the garbage men come by and collect them and leave us new bags when ours get old and ratty or leave the ones if they're still in good shape. <SEP> That's great. And it really pays for itself because then the city gets the money from the recycling. <SEP> We're all for it. Our. We've got several bins in our garage where we sort things out and take it to the appropriate places. The one thing I wish we could recycle is magazines. But they claim that because of the way they're bound it's too expensive to recycle them. At my office we have two big cardboard boxes in the library where everybody goes to pick up their mail. And they're. One's for white paper. And one's for colored paper. So anything like manuscripts or computer paper or things like that goes in those boxes. <SEP> But we get tons of catalogs and things like that and magazines. And there's no way to get rid of them. It just seems like such a waste. It does. It does. But I'm sure that they can find some sort of use for them if there. I've seen talk about using garbage for energy. <SEP> And so you could also apply the magazines toward that. That would be a help. I wish they would do that here. We have got so little landfill space left that we're going to run out before the end of this decade. And it's really going to be a mess when they have to start hunting for places to put the things. <SEP> I know it. We did have another novel experiment start this year. Now we can put all our yard clippings out. You buy these super giant heavy-duty paper bags. They're about four-feet high. <SEP> And you get them for about fifty cents apiece at the grocery store you usually buy them by the dozen. And then you put all your yard clippings and leaf rakings and anything that will be compostible. <SEP> And the garbage men also pick those up on Thursdays. That's great. And then they take them to a special part of our dump where composting is now in full swing. And at the end of every year they sell all the composts to nurserymen and to local people who want to put it on their flower beds. <SEP> That's a great idea. I wish that our city was that involved in recycling like that. Because I've talked to many people. And we wouldn't mind going its extra effort to do it. If they make it so that it's not a horrendous inconvenience I think most people would. <SEP>. And I don't mind. At first it was the little extra money that you got returning the cans in and stuff like that. But now I don't mind as long as things are getting recycled that we don't get reimbursed. I think it's to me more of a convenience to have them come pick it up then to get that two cents when you take it to the store. <SEP> I know it. We still have bins at the grocery stores where you can turn in bottles and cans for cash. <SEP> But so few people have enough to make that worthwhile you'd spend more in gas getting down there then you get back. Plus the time that you waste standing in line is valuable also. Do the grocery stores in Houston have recycling for their paper bags and plastic bags? <SEP> We have. I know the one that we use has recycling for the bags. And they're promoting the cloth bags. The reusable cloth bags. We can get a nickel apiece for any paper bags that we bring back to be reused. <SEP> That's great. They just take it off like they do a coupon. They can just subtract it from your bill. And they have a giant bin by the front door for the plastic bags. <SEP> And they say as long as it's clean they don't want a plastic bag that's full of goop. Here they don't want your rotted tomatoes. <SEP> But they want any clean and dry plastic bag. So I keep. And the thing is I hardly have room now for all the things that we're saving it to recycle. So right outside the back door I've got the two burlap bags hung up for the cans and bottles. And there right outside that place where the garbage can is we have the bag for the newspapers. <SEP> And now we've got the bag for the plastic bags. I understand. My husband about once a weekend he'll go to a couple of areas where he knows that the people just throw cans out. <SEP> And he'll go pick them up because he just can't stand that. He. How nice. That's great. And it's so. We have all our piles of recyclables also. <SEP> I remember at Christmas the only thing that I'm. When you were talking about the composting the only thing that our city did was they provided a place for us to take our Christmas trees. For them to mulch. For city use. <SEP> That's. They just put all our Christmas trees in the regular compost pickup. So they did say that you had to put it out within three weeks after Christmas. <SEP>. And otherwise you would have to treat it like you would any other lawn refuse. It would have to be cut into four-foot lengths. <SEP> So if we have branches or something they have to be cut in four-foot lengths. But otherwise they have to be in one of their paper bags. <SEP> That sounds like you all really have a great system worked out there. And they even picked up our Styrofoam packing materials. The week after Christmas they left a plastic bag on everybody's front doorknob with a little note on it saying we're trying something new next week only if you have any of those little Styrofoam peanuts that any of your Christmas presents were packed in put them in this bag and leave it out with your recycling. <SEP> And we'll take all of those back and try to recycle them. That's one. But I. That's not going to be a regular feature. That was just a one time thing right after Christmas. <SEP> The. But something does need to be done about the Styrofoam that. Those things must take up a huge amount of space in landfills. They don't. They don't mash. <SEP> They don't compress at all. And they stay forever. And I've seen where some places have taken a plastic and they're recycling them into other plastics. And the Styrofoam also into insulation and things like that. <SEP> And I think that would be great if they could get something organized along those lines. I do too. The difficulty with that is that very few people have enough to make it worthwhile. They really have to rely on businesses that generate a lot of that stuff. Because otherwise they're not going to go house-to-house collecting it. And you're not going to bother if you have one bag full to drive all the way to some recycling center to turn in just your little plastic peanuts. <SEP>. I was thinking about the Styrofoam used at the fast-food restaurants that if everybody. <SEP> And so. I know our cafeteria here uses a lot of Styrofoam. But. We quit that about three years ago when we got china mugs for everybody. And the only difficulty with that is that we're in the middle of a five-year drought. And so it's a real difficult choice whether we want Styrofoam cups to fill up our landfills or china cups to use up our water. <SEP> But at the moment we're using the china cups. And everybody gets one at the beginning of the year. And then you're supposed to keep it recycled every day. <SEP> That's good. That's a. They should last awhile. Let us hope that everybody's going to be paying more attention to this and that we will get better reuse of things. Because. <SEP> I believe we are. I have to believe everybody is starting to pay attention and take heed of what is happening. And so it will be good in the long run. It sure will. <SEP> I enjoyed it. Good to talk.
sw3988.txt:Favorite type of music or musician or any. I don't really have a favorite type. I like a lot of different types of music. Do you? <SEP> I have a tape collection that I like to listen to cassette tapes. But it's pretty varied. <SEP> How about you? I'm very varied as well. I don't think I've ever met a type of music I don't like except for maybe heavy metal and that. That's exactly me. The acid rock or the heavy metal. <SEP> Even some of that I like okay but not mostly as a general rule. I don't care for that at all. I don't enjoy rap too much either. That doesn't appeal to my ears. <SEP> As far as the rap goes I think there are a few artists that appeal to me themselves. <SEP> And I like some of their songs. But as. I agree with the general rule I wouldn't choose rap either. <SEP> But I like to listen to what you might call pop easy listening country western jazz classical. <SEP> I don't. I like like I said pretty varied music. I have a couple that my husband really hates that I listen to like Billy Holiday. <SEP> I really love to listen to her. <SEP> And I even have a tape of Lady Smith Blackman Bazo. And they're very harmonic. <SEP> They really are. So they're interesting to listen to. You might try that. How about you? I listen to specific. Most likely I would be listen to jazz or classical music. In college I took four years of classical guitar. And I played in the jazz combo all four years. I play guitar for the jazz combo. <SEP> So that's where my two listening enjoyments are. But jazz can get on my nerves after a while. You can't just listen to it especially a lot of the deeper stuff. You just can't listen to it for enjoyment. Unless you're playing it. It's too. You have to concentrate on it it seems. It just doesn't do anything. <SEP> What about the blues or something like that? Blues are okay. I tell you I do like. I grew up on blue grass music. My dad is a big blue grass fan. And so. I wouldn't have admitted it when I was in high school. But I really do like it a lot. <SEP> So. I like some of it. As far as what they now call country western it doesn't sound like the old country music at all does it? It doesn't. It doesn't. <SEP> Some of it sounds more like pop music. They've all got the real screechy electric guitars now. I don't care for that. If I'm going to listen to today's country western I have tapes of Randy Travis and Clint Black. <SEP> And I even liked Jim Reeves. <SEP> I. I grew up on him. Or Merle Haggard and Faron Young. <SEP> That type of country western is what I like to listen to. <SEP> Asleep At The Wheel. Sons of the Pioneers stuff like that. <SEP> I like sound tracks a lot. Do you? It seems like you get a lot of original music that way. You sure do. <SEP> Think about the Twin Peaks and stuff like that that's just real recent. <SEP> Things like that I like to listen to. I like instrumental things. I have some Spiro Gyro tapes. They're great aren't they. <SEP> They're wonderful. I love them. I have some dulcimer music. Like I said that's pretty varied. It sure is. <SEP> Al Jarreau he's somebody I like. He's kind of jazz inspired but still kind of pop too. I like his. He has a nice smooth voice. <SEP> And what I like the most about him is I've gone to see him in concert and he looks like he's having fun. Some people sing. And they have their faced all contorted like it hurts them or something. <SEP> But he looks like he's having a good time. He's up there moving around and smiling like he's happy and like all he wants to do is make the audience enjoy it too. <SEP> And he is real fun to listen to. <SEP> Bonnie Rait I like her a lot. In fact whenever she won her big Grammy. <SEP> I think it was five of them or something. Was it five. Or. Something like that. It was last year wasn't it. <SEP> Last year or the year before I can't remember. But I was listening to a particular radio station. And the one D J said who the heck is Bonnie Rait and why does she deserve five Grammies? I vowed then that I was not going to listen to that radio station any more if that D J can make such a unedu-.
sw2503.txt:. How are you? I'm doing fine. Where you from? I'm from New England. Massachusetts. <SEP> I'm from Berkeley California. This is quite a long distance. It certainly is. Do you have any pets? <SEP> Use too. Use to. But none right now. How come you don't have any now? You get tired of them? I live in an apartment building. And it's just not feasible. <SEP> I'd love to have a dog. I've got a little doggy that I've had quite a long time. In fact she just turned sixteen years old New Year's Eve. And. <SEP> Is she? I beg your pardon? What is she? She's a poodle. A toy poodle. And she's. <SEP> I got my mom a teacup little mutt not too long ago. This is a little bigger than a teacup. <SEP> And it's funny how I acquired this animal. When I was married my ex-wife had said that she had a friend who had a little puppy. That. The woman needed someone to baby-sit. And this is what she had told the kids. And she even told me that. And after the two week period was up she then informed me that the woman no longer wanted the little puppy and wanted to know if we wanted to keep it. After you had an animal for a couple of weeks you become attached to it. For sure. <SEP> So I've had this dog now for sixteen years. And she's been a lot of company. She's however getting a little old. And things are starting to fail. I live alone now. And she stays in the house all day while I go to work. And she's been holding herself pretty well. Up until recently where she's been having accidents in the house because she either is losing control or she forgets where she is. And I find a little present on the floor sometimes when I come home. But she's usually pretty good. My mother has one that's. It's uh teacup. And it's made such a difference for her. But just I e-. The way my mom's presence countenance is just for having a puppy. But having this dog. She's had it for three years now. Possibly four. <SEP> But it's really made such a difference for her. I really would like to. I'm a disabled person. So I'm unable to really take care of a pet. And if that weren't so I would certainly have one. I just. It frustrates me sometimes not being able to have a dog. You might want to get yourself an animal that doesn't require much attention. Like a cat. <SEP> I typically am not a cat person. I have a friend that has on occasion brought her cat over for me to keep from time to time. And this cat is like no other cat I have ever seen. And it would sleep on my chest. <SEP> It's just a great cat. But. My personal preference is a dog. I don't know that I would ever want a cat. I like cats. I just wouldn't want to own one. They're affectionate. <SEP> You don't own cats. But they. I don't know. I can't seem to communicate with a cat like I can with my dog. They own you or grant you with their presence. <SEP>. That. We're supposed to appreciate them. When I come home in the evenings my dog greets me at the door. I don't know that a cat would do that. <SEP> I used to have a cat that could read me better than any human being in my life. <SEP> I could just walk in the door. And she knew whether to quietly come up to me or to just run and knock me over. She really could pick up on my mood the way I walked in the door. <SEP> It was uncanny. I think in a way we're able to read each other pretty well because she knows when I'm upset and I know when she's not feeling good too. So. I know when she has an accident I know she's not doing it on purpose. When she was younger she used to do that to get even with me. <SEP> And some people might not believe that. But I do. <SEP>. If I put her in a room all by herself and close the door and leave her there for a few hours because I was going out. She would break something or rip up the carpet or do something just to let me know that she was unhappy with what I did. <SEP> That's the way. I had that cat that I mentioned Alfie. One morning the first thing you do is you get up and you feed this cat something and you make sure that it can get to its litter box. For some reason during the night the door was not quite wide enough for it to get through. And the next morning when my roommate got up and did not feed it right away it decided that it was going to protest. <SEP> And so it jumped up on my bed and anointed my blanket for me. Looking at me eye to eye all the time while it was doing it. <SEP> Have I got your attention now? Animals have a way of talking. Alfie did. I tell you if I could have gotten a hold of that cat that day. I don't know that I'd trade my dog in for the world. It was about two years ago she got sick on me. And I took her to the vet's because she wasn't eating and she wasn't able to jump. She lost all her activity. And she stayed there for one day. And the doctor called me up and said she had a low white cell count and that she was dying and suggested that I take her to a animal hospital. So I took his suggestion. And I took the dog to. The dog hospital there. And they said they'd keep her there for three days. She ended staying there five days at a hundred and something dollars a day because she was in intensive care. It cost me over five hundred dollars. <SEP> Plus the vet sent me a bill for what he did. Then she recouped. She was okay for a couple of years. And then she got sick on me again. And I brought her to a different vet this time. And I told the vet what medication I had given her and everything. And he gave me the same medication that I gave her the last time. And she was okay. And she's been okay every since. It's been about two years now. That's great. It really is. I'm glad that she was able to pull out of it that way and so cheaply the second time. The problem is if someone would have came up to me and said it's going to cost you five hundred dollars to keep your dog alive. What do you want to do? I probably would have had second thoughts. <SEP> Of course you would. But what they do is they say it's going to cost twenty dollars for tests and forty dollars for this. And it creeps up on you. You don't know that. You don't know what it's going to until it's all over. To give you an example. My mom had an elderly cat who whoever evidently got a hold of it. And the cat got sick. So she took the cat to the vet. And she had the cat there for two days. And then the cat died. So the doctor had called her up and said your cat died. And you owe me this bill. And by the way do you want me to bury the cat. <SEP> So it cost her three hundred dollars. And she didn't get the cat back. So. They had to pay for all the medical bills that the cat ran up plus the burial expenses. And she just brought the cat in because he wasn't feeling good. So that was kind of a surprise. <SEP>. At lea-. You kind of wonder what really happened. Even the. They claimed they did the best that they could have. And then the cat died. So. <SEP> I'm looking for another cat for them. I've got a little kitten that's still just being born right now. So another five or six weeks I'll be bringing the little kitten over to my folks. <SEP> That will make their day. I think it will. Because they're both in their seventies. And the cat although it's a little bit of work for them sometimes it turns out to be a pleasant experience for them. I think they enjoy that. Only work initially. <SEP> For cats anyway. Listen. It's been a pleasure talking to you. The same here. <SEP> And you take care. <SEP> Maybe we'll talk again sometimes. What is that sound? That's my buzzer at the door. I'll let you go. <SEP>. Thank you.
sw2502.txt:How do you feel about our policy in Latin America? I'm all in favor of it. I think we've been doing a pretty good job not taking advantage of the financial dependence that most of the countries have on us. We could direct the government even more than we have been. I don't think we've been doing too bad. Do you think that's right? Do you think we should direct the government? <SEP> I think as a whole that being that the drug industry can bring so much money to a country. I think that if it wasn't for the United States Government matching that the drug cartels or whatever would control most the Central and Latin America. <SEP> Just that money is power. And. I have a friend that's de-. His descendants are from Nicaragua and very. It's like his mother came over. <SEP> And he. I just get sorry feelings for people that their family came from there and how they feel about our intervention and their government and stuff like that. And he was all for it because it's just like you say. There's so many people there that get the kind of control that's bad. <SEP> And that their governments can become so corrupt. And it's like I use to feel like. They should work their way. They should be able to work their self out of it. Or why intervene in another country's problems and things like that. Why should we be the ones that have to do it and things like that. But I think just a lot of times if we don't then that influence will affect our country too for one. And for two that it does help. I think the people in those country do want our help. The people that are under conditions that are not favorable to their rights. <SEP>. <SEP> But. But I wish we didn't have to. I'd rather. Even if a country chooses a government that's not exactly the kind of government that we have or as in complete opposition to it at least it's their choice as long it's one that makes since so to speak. It is a government that stays in power that can stay in power. But it seems like most of them don't. <SEP> Sometimes that's America doing that too. We fall out of agreements with certain leaders. And then amazingly enough the country starts turning against our leader. It's. So you think C I A influence and our money over there. <SEP> That and. America starts talking then about removing bases and whatnot and stuff like that and people. Or government aids and stuff. <SEP> I think that has a lot of things to did with. Then how can you say in Europe as far as the toppling of those kinds of governments. <SEP> That was. I mean. I'm really wondering whether that's going it settle down or not. Because on one hand you have the Soviet Government of course mistreating a lot of the Slovak countries and then on the other hand you have. <SEP> They were feeding us. So I don't know really what's going to happen. But we're not intervening in that. Or do you think that we are to the degree that we are causing. <SEP> Are. I think we're getting quite a. Put it this way I think. I think the people are revolting themselves. And. <SEP> And we're allowing it to happen. I agree with that. <SEP> <SEP> I agree that communication has become so much more widespread and worldwide that people are realizing we don't have it so good and let's stand up. <SEP> This is ridiculous. We're living with these kind of conditions in a world that's advancing as fast as it is. That. I think people are just saying we don't want anywhere of this. <SEP> I think Central America has always been one of those places where people are more passive where it's always the minority that are trying to make the country better. <SEP> I don't mean to. I guess I do in a way. Sometimes I think a religion has a lot to do with that. I think that because of those countries where such Catholic influence. And I think the Catholic religion itself was such a dominant factor as far as keeping the people down so to speak. <SEP> I thought it was the other way around. But. They were always having to meet in the catacombs and all this. So all the persecution that they're sort of use to it it's been sort of. <SEP> But I don't agree with that because the Catholic religion as far as through the ages has been the rule so to speak. They are the ones that set a lot of the rules. And they are the ones that do keep the people down. When you a religion that most of the people go to church and they don't understand when anything is being said yet they're expected to bow down to it I think that keeps people in sort of line. <SEP> I don't quite understand that. Do they even understand what's being said? When it use to be Latin. I'm just saying that the old church. <SEP> The old church. Which it's not that way now. But I think that it's just Latin countries are slower in coming around. <SEP> They actually understood. It is in America where it was hard. Latin is very very very close to Spanish. Latin. They still didn't understand it though I don't think. <SEP> Because I descend from that. And I don't understand Latin. And I'm of Spanish descent. So I just think that has something to do with why Latinos tend to be the more meek. <SEP> They tend to be more. Not stand up for their rights as much. They're not really sure of what they are. I don't think. I never really thought of it that way. How can you contrast the Europeans and their vocalism on their rights to the people in Latin America. <SEP> Why are they not as vocal. Or why do they not stand up so to speak for their rights? I don't know. Could be the economic still. <SEP> The. There's. The poverty level is certainly much worse in the Latin American countries. You can say that about Africa too. I think it has something to do with the poverty level because Africa is certainly not a Catholic country. And yet they have the same problem where kings and such. I don't agree with that. <SEP> I don't agree. Because I think that they are pretty vocal about it in Africa. I think they've made a lot more chances. They're very vocal. In South Africa. In South Africa I think they are. But yet. So what's the difference? <SEP> Idi Amin was in power for so long. So what makes the difference between South Africa and rest of Africa? <SEP> Racial I think. Or like you say maybe communication of knowing that up in other English colonies or previous English colonies everything is equal and yet down there it's not. I think communication does have a lot to do with it in education maybe. <SEP> I don't know about education. Because the black community is still not very educated down there. So I think it is communication. It's just oopsy. I think it maybe has a lot to do with education. Because you look at the European countries. I think they tend to be more educated much more educated than Africa or the Latin American countries. <SEP> That's true. You know that. I don't know whether. Actually I've always wondered how the education system works in the Russian countries the Republics. I know that Russia they're comparably better educated than we are in our country. <SEP> That's good in a way. Something we compete with. <SEP> And I've been sort of disappointed that they say literacy rate has gone down. That's sort of upsetting to think that we're richer and yet everybody is intellectually poorer. In our country? <SEP> In our country. That is really upsetting. And considering it's free. Good education is really still free. That's just it though good education. <SEP> Is it good education? It may be free but is it good education. And that's just it. Are we willing to pay for it. <SEP> A lot of people bitch and moan about the taxes and all. But are they willing to pay for quality education? <SEP> And yet people get very frightened when they see the Japanese moving in and the Russians moving in certain areas of technology that we use to dominate. And it's like they're educating their people to higher degrees than we do. So you're going to have to expect it. So what you. Are you willing to compromise a little and take some of that money out of your pocket and pay for good quality education. So I don't know. But I.
sw3186.txt:This is easy for me since I. And me too because I eat out a lot. I travel. I do about forty percent of my time on the road. <SEP> So you eat all your meals out. I eat a lot of meals out. I'm also married. And my wife is an A one cook. But she enjoys eating out. So I have to share it with her. And actually it's very easy for me because I make it a practice when I am out. I eat differently than what I could eat at home or around here. So I look for just about anything. And it's a lot of fun. I don't have to really worry too much about price considerations because I. <SEP> I was going to ask you could you go to nice places. And. And it's really great. I like different types of food. <SEP> What are the memorable places you've eaten? You name it. Let's see. You've got one down near Addison. There's two restaurants that I particularly like that every time I get into Texas or I get into Atlanta Georgia I make sure I go. And that's Houston's. Houston's. <SEP> It's a great place. It's great. There's a restaurant right outside of Reading Pennsylvania that does not look like a restaurant that you would really want to recommend to a lot of people. But it is fantastic. There's a restaurant in Panama City. Of course not too many people want to rush back to the country Panama. <SEP> Because I was thinking. I grew up in Panama City. This is the country Panama. I get it. <SEP> But I have gotten to quite a few. And I go to Canada and get quite a few restaurants up there. And I know the locations. And I know the places. But lot of times I don't remember the names. I'd have to go back through some expense reports. But particularly down in your area I'm looking for some more restaurants. So I don't know what's down there the ones out in Addison. <SEP> Do you like Mexican? Do you like Mexican food. Not particularly. <SEP> That's one of the few. Which one were you going to recommend? There's so many places here. It's just lots of good Mexican restaurants here. <SEP> But in the Addison about everything that you could want in Dallas is in the Addison area anyway. Now there's a new Italian place Sfuzi. I have a. <SEP> But it has a great reputation as one of the best restaurants in Dallas. And now there's one in Addison. Let. I'm writing it down. It's S F U Z I. <SEP> And it's in Addison. And it's a great place. Also a great place that they have Cajun food is Copelands. I've been there. Now I really like Copelands. I've been there. One down there is the I think it's an old schoolhouse. <SEP> The I know. I don't like that place. I like the food. But I don't care for the clowning around. When I went I thought the food was not good. <SEP> I've had. Magic Time Machine is the place you're thinking of. That's it. That's it. I've had excellent food there. <SEP> When I went I thought. The people drove me crazy first of all. <SEP> But then I just thought the food was over priced for what it was. That's great. Italian is fine. I make it a habit of always going out to Pasta Oggi's which is right down there in Ad-. Do you like Southwestern? <SEP> Now there's a good place in Addison too called Blue Mesa Grill that's on Belt Line that's close to Houston's as a matter of fact. <SEP> And it's great. They have I think. Sometimes I've been when I thought it wasn't as good. But I went there recently. And I thought this really is good. So that's a very good place to eat The Blue Mesa Grill. <SEP> And. This is great. This is going to give me some more places to go. A whole new dining experience. <SEP> I guess our time's about up. So. They haven't beeped us have they? They don't always. <SEP> I thought sometimes they say this is three minutes or whatever. They've been doing that when the circuits are busy. <SEP> And other than that they leave you go about five minutes. And then that's about it. I guess that's what they need for their machines to get everything down pat. So. It was a pleasure talking to you. <SEP> Thanks for calling for helping us out. You bet. <SEP>.
sw2302.txt:Let's see. I believe in the trial by jury. I think if it was up to the judge alone that there would be real possible for payoffs briberies unfairness one-sidedness all those kinds of things. And I also like the unanimous decision because you have to persuade everybody to be a hundred percent absolutely sure before you convict somebody. I really agree with the innocent until proven guilty theory. I think that's a good way to do it. That's about all. I think basically we're in a lot of agreement in that I certainly agree that for any case involving serious injury to another person then maybe that needs some kind of legal definition. <SEP> But for anything involving that trial by jury certainly should be mandatory. But there should be with our overworked judicial system. It seems to me like there ought to be a means of not having to take everything before a full court. Maybe there ought to be some kind of. Isn't there a type of word called a jury duty now. <SEP> And maybe instead of just kind of blowing it off just spend a day or a day and a half like most folks do maybe we should commit to spend a week. And during that week you're kind of an ad hoc let's hear about it group of twenty-five instead of twelve. And each case is presented to that group of twenty-five. And those cases are lesser degrees of magnitude. The guy was caught burgling. And he had his pockets full of stuff when he was caught. <SEP> That kind of stuff you can just turn to the judge and say your pleasure your honor. And there's not a lot of discussion about that kind of thing. But the way our court system works that guy is going to have to hang around in jail or out on bail or something like that for an extreme period of time. <SEP> I just think our system is overworked. And we're starting to stretch the true meaning of right to a speedy trial. That's a good idea. Maybe this pre group of people could decide where they could go from there. Do they need a big lengthy twelve person jury. Or do they need a six person jury or those kinds of things. And the seriousness of it. How. Is this open and shut like you were saying. Or do you need somebody to go off for three months and try to figure out what really happened. A jury like that. We. They could be a good idea to. That could work. <SEP> Kind of off what we've been talking about here I believe that we've become almost a litigious society where everyone is very quick to sue or to threaten to sue and that kind of stuff. And although we supporting a whole segment of society called lawyers maybe we don't need to do that. <SEP> Maybe instead of being so quick to sue you if you have a disagreement with someone instead of tying up court and time and that kind of stuff maybe you. And if you want to your lawyer or your opponent need to go face this group of twenty-five or a judge like they have on T V. Good idea. <SEP> And let either he or that group decide whether or not you have a real case. That's. And let's get rid of some of this harassment suing. That's a good idea. I. In the BIBLE it says if you have something against somebody to go to them first. And if that doesn't work then to go get somebody a little bit more wiser and older and take them with you and go to them. And if that doesn't work to take it to the whole church. So that's right off that same kind of principle. <SEP> You bet. And If we could all deal with those kinds of beliefs we wouldn't have half the. That's a good idea. That's true. That's true too. But that whole Biblical concept that's true in a lot of our. The way the whole judicial system and the government is based on that. It doesn't work on that. But it's based out of that. So that could work. <SEP> I'd forgotten what that's called. There's a real name for that like the Judean law or something like that. What is that called? The Judeo-Christian ethic. Judeo-Christian ethic. That may be right. It's in there some place. <SEP> I think we both know that we're talking about the foundation of our legal society. <SEP> And too the. That was sort of the beginning of Ye shall be treated fairly. I guess the Lord started out with I'll treat you fairly there as long as you do what I say. That's sort of the Old Testament version. That's. <SEP> I know. I did a Sunday school lesson one time on the difference between the Old Testament and the New Testament where there's a vengeful Lord in the Old Testament and there's a loving Lord in the New Testament. But that's a whole different subject. <SEP> I think we have exhausted my pitifully small knowledge on the legal system. Mine too. Mine too. <SEP> But it's been a pleasure talking with you. Same here. What part of the country are you from? I'm living here in Texas. In Texas. I was just being curious. <SEP> That's quite all right. I'm from the Dallas area. So am I. That's neat. <SEP> In fact I'm at work out at Lewisville. Are you really? I'll let you go. And it was nice talking to you. My pleasure. Have a good day. You too. <SEP>.
sw2883.txt:What are your. Do you use credit cards? Not very often. I usually. The ones we use is Visa. And we always try to pay it back at the end of the month. <SEP> I have. So it doesn't get the credit. The interest rate is so high that you're really. If you're going to use credit cards you need to use that policy don't you? <SEP> Otherwise you end up paying so much more for your merchandise that it's not a very good idea. That's right. <SEP> Do you have a lot of credit cards? I have a lot of them. But I don't use them very much though. I use them mostly for big things like maybe sometimes tuition if I'm short to go ahead and get it and then try to get it saved back as quick as I can. The other thing I think if you do get overextended a little bit you need to be sure and pay it off more than one at a time because I think you could run forever paying what they require. <SEP> Just goes on and on. Which is what they want. <SEP> I think a lot of people go in debt because they think I can just charge it. But really if they don't have the money then they aren't going to have it in a month. So. That's true. They make the mistake of pushing all their cards. There are times when it's very useful like emergency trip or something. <SEP> <SEP> Sometimes when you. The money will be available. But it's not immediately handy. I think they're very helpful plus the fact that it's helpful not to have to carry a lot of money sometimes. But you really do need to be very responsible about it. Or you end up in deep trouble. <SEP> I made that mistake when I first got a job. And that's kind of. It took me quite a while to pay them off. So after that I decided I'm not going to use them at all and just try to pay cash for everything. And that worked for a while. And then we got married. So we decided if we used them we would pay them off as we go. <SEP> That can be very handy under those kind of circumstances. The other thing about them is too you really need to get some and use them because if you have never used them and haven't developed a credit thing. It stops you from doing a lot of things. If you pay for everything by cash there is a lot of things that a lot of people who will not give you credit when you need something like a house or a car. <SEP> That's true. So they have become a very vital part of our monetary system over the last few years. But it's true. You have to be very careful or you end up going in the deep end. And an awful lot of people are in trouble. <SEP> We have a boy living with us who works for a credit card company that. And he makes calls to people who have problems credit problems that are trying to work out. And. Poor thing he comes home very depressed every night because the world has so many problems of that sort. <SEP> It's a really big problem and takes mature people to treat it. So that it's a real advantage to you instead of a disadvantage. <SEP> I think the way the tax system was they encouraged people to use credit cards with a big write off at the end of the year. But now it's punch money because. It didn't do you any good now does it? <SEP> You can not. You can not write off your interest. Even before it probably wasn't though because you didn't get to claim anywhere near what you ended up paying. I'm not. Other than that I don't have too much on credit cards. But. <SEP> It's good to talk to you. You too. For calling. Now. <SEP>
sw2708.txt:What are your first comments on that subject? My first comments on the budget. I would say there has. What would you start cutting f-. What would be the first thing you'd cut? Defense? <SEP> Surprisingly. I would cut the prison systems and let them self-support. Mean private enterprise? Have private enterprise do it? <SEP> You mean the prisons? They're already talking about it. They're talking about having it as a business. So the government doesn't have to deal with it. I hadn't heard that. But. Because I think it's all either state or federally funded. Or obviously. <SEP> But there's not enough room in these prisons and that to continue funding it. But to me it. They think they need to maybe have private enterprise come in. So. <SEP> The other way I'm thinking about is they should be self-supporting like the prisoners make license plates or farm or small industry inside the prisons. Anything to where they can be self-supporting within themselves. In other words they're in there for a purpose. Put them to work rather than sitting there. It's the same thing the whole criminal but the whole police department of the United States. I feel the same way. Someone gets picked up for drunk driving. He should put enough in there that goes back into paying for that policeman being out there. <SEP> So it's self-defense on that point. As far as my defense budget they're cutting it back now twenty-five percent? I wouldn't want to see it cut any more than that. But again I'd like to see something on the other end back into education. But not in the education we have today. So I'm lost on that one. I would like to be a little more into investigating some of the other countries in the world and their educational problems. And to come up with something a little better than what we've got. It's tough to say what. As far as this that good or bad or what. But I was just talking to somebody else. And all those European countries they pay all the way through college and stuff like that. They. So. <SEP> Not so much pay. I'm not trying to see the government put out any more. I know what you are saying. But I'm just saying that even the differences is that some countries pay for students to go through college and etcetera. But here it's just up to high school. But we don't even push the fact to the high school kids that there's other means of education out there rather than college. To go either as an apprentice which they do in other countries. Just doing it which would bring the education back up. <SEP> Why not apprentice out to a company and learn from down on the bottom as a wood worker or just a technician? You can learn on the job. Of course again which would mean again. Our education budget will go down if this is. In a few years it's not going to be overnight. <SEP> But that would come down. I think that's one reason we do have the education is that what it takes for these companies to bring somebody on board. They're not willing to put the training for only a certain amount. So it's as far as the technical side. But even. One of the biggest things now is paralegals and stuff. They're trying to get more people into that field. But they can't just bring somebody in without even having gone to school in that area before they can work for a lawyer as a paralegal. <SEP> I see it being done. I know of a friend that works for my lawyer that has had no training whatsoever. And she's training her. I'm assuming that it can be done. My perspective is that I've been with a couple of big companies now. And it's like they are unwilling to put the time in. They want somebody when they bring them in that they have a certain amount to contribute. Obviously there's a lot to learn after that. But that's true. I'm sure there's a lot of. Businesses are small businesses that could. Let me change my channel. I've got a cordless phone. Let me see if that clears this up. Is that better? <SEP> It was a cordless phone. And all of a sudden we had a bad frequency there or something. So we had some interference. So I changed that. It sounded you were calling from around the world somewhere. <SEP> But I think maybe they need to help promote that more. Give incentives like if they do bring somebody on they will pay some of their costs or give tax breaks or whatever it is for them to train people stuff like that. Programs like that. I don't know what kind of options they've got. <SEP> That's something about what Germany's supposed to be doing. Something similar to that right now. And they have jobs out on bulletin boards so people know what is open for an apprentices in different fields. But that again would cut some of our budget down for education but build up our education with. People at high school level which I would like to see. Rather than so many kids getting out of school. They go on the unemployment list before we have turn around. Because they don't have any education. <SEP> I don't mean college. And I'm for college. But there's a lot of people that don't want their higher education as far as quote college is concerned. They've had it. I think I just heard something the other day. It was either sixty percent or forty percent go to college. And then out of that percentage only so many can get their degree. I thought that was interesting. But most people I knew have gone and got their degree. So. <SEP> But there's a lot of them out there that haven't. I was basic in a upper middle class area. That's. And. So I think that demographic area there a lot of them do go on. And they go to college etcetera. <SEP> It seems to me that kids that get out of high school that parents have gone to college and college here and college there that are really not interested in going to college and forced into it usually are your drop outs. Where if they're said it's just as advisable to go into something you enjoy and you like. Because you can get just as far as being a journeyman carpenter or an electrician or plumber or anything else like that. Make as much money. And if they enjoy it more they'll make a happier life for themselves. Question. You threw that question on me about the deficit. Put it on your shoe now. What would you do? As far as the deficit that's a whole nother my perception of the budget the government. And they have so much to spend. And there's not enough money to spread around. But the deficit basically is that the trade surplus between the other countries and that we have more money going out and too many goods coming into this country. And part of that problem is still. Japan still does not let us compete fairly in their country. And obviously the demand for their goods is quite high here. So they can get their goods in here. And to start even that out we need to continue to at least threaten that. We're going to give them higher tariffs etcetera to raise their prices to ours. But it's just that they're. I think you're going to find that just because the United States there is such a demand here the market. And the money being spent and the goods flow in we don't sell products abroad as much as we bring in. So. <SEP> Were you watching. I think. One of the news stations. They had on there where the output from the United States was basically from smaller businesses rather than the larger ones are exporting.
sw3495.txt:What do you feel are some of the main problems? I'm in an urban area. I'm in Dallas. <SEP> And we're finding that crime is going up very quickly and has become a major problem even a more major problem. In Dallas some of the major problems. Drugs seems to be related to quite a bit of the crime we have now. There is a lot of theft a lot of assault dealing with people trying to get money for drugs. And I think that's a national problem though. It's pretty bad here too. <SEP> It's not unique. We've had a lot of murders drug related and stuff. In Durham which is right next to Raleigh. <SEP> We're pretty close to the golden triangle aren't you? That. Durham Raleigh and Chapel Hill is the triangle. Research triangle and all of that. <SEP> And I'm sure you have a lot of students there and a lot of researchers. So you may have perhaps a little better economic climate. But in all your cities now it seems like there is a crowd that's really effected by this bill. Really it's. And I've seen more in Durham than I have in Raleigh or Chapel Hill. Chapel Hill is kind of a ritzy city or whatever. It's kind of. I'm sure there is problems with it. But it has a pretty low crime rate. Compared to Durham has probably got the worst. They've had forty-eight murders since the beginning of the year. <SEP> And over half of it has been drug related. Here I'm not sure how many Dallas has had. I've. Houston is averaging about two a week or three or four. I don't know. A number every week. <SEP> Dallas is having quite a few. Seems like most of ours are occurring in late at night or like I say drug related. I guess the other thing that are causing a lot of the crime now is the decrease in values. Seems like a lot of people don't hold human life quite as high as perhaps they used to. I. That. And the economy is so bad. And so many people have been laid off and stuff. <SEP> The economy is lousy. They've done special stories on the local news here. We had a lot of bank robberies and lot of break ins and stuff. I know a week or so ago. I live in a town house which is. It's a pretty nice neighborhood. And this lady was going to work. She came home and everything in her house was total gone light fixtures everything. And nobody thought any different. They just thought she was moving. It was a moving man pulled right up to her house broke in and stole everything she owned. <SEP> That really takes someone who is bold to do that. It's pretty bad. Do you find that security is very good in a town home? I would say so for the majority in my little section of the neighborhood because there is always somebody at home. <SEP> And we all know one another. And on our one little section of the street we all know one another and know that we're not moving and different things like that. That. It's. I'm probably one of the youngest people that live over here. <SEP> I see. Most people are retired. Or they're in their forties or whatever. And I'm in my twenties. So I'm out more than they are. But they're at home at night. So I really don't worry about anything. <SEP> I think you hit on one point there is you know each other. I'm in a neighborhood where we try to keep up with everything. I am about three blocks off a major road and a couple of blocks off another road that kind of runs. I guess you would say the neighborhood road it runs between the high school and the commercial districts. And I'm over the northeast part of Dallas. It's in a nice neighborhood. The houses here before the recession were running two hundred thousand or so. And course everything's down ten to twenty percent now. That's the same thing here. <SEP> But we have. One thing that effects us is we have apartments that are probably about a half mile away. And now the economy is bad. They have trouble keeping those full. So they've dropped the. They're not nearly as selective as they used to be. And course that's kind of like a cancer in an apartment complex. You start letting that happen and they go down. And then before you know it you have drugs and a lot of other things. So I'm sure that aggravates it also. <SEP> But unemployment now in Dallas or in Texas is up around six point.
sw3862.txt:. My name is Dolphene. I live in Texas. <SEP> My name is Pat Johnson. And I live in Texas too. I work for T I. Do you also? <SEP> I live in Dallas. I work for the Dallas school system. You ready to begin? We might as well. <SEP> I understand we are doing care of the elderly? And how do you feel about putting someone in the nursing home? I don't think that any of my relatives would really like to go there. I believe if I am in a position when my mother gets to a point where she needs special care that I will be able to just bring her into my home and my father also or have someone go into their home and look after them. <SEP> That way. I would find it very difficult to place my father or my step-mother in a place like that. Particularly since I know how they feel about it. <SEP> It's more how they feel about it. And it is like they feel like somebody had thrown them away? <SEP> I do think that there are some significant kinds of things to look for if you are faced with placing someone. In a place like that aside from the cleanliness and the medical care that is offered and such. <SEP> But attitude of staff makes such a tremendous difference. And I have a friend who is partly paralyzed and is in a nursing home and has no family who could care for her. <SEP> And I know that the cheerful pleasant people who treat her kindly make all the difference in the world in how she feels about her situation. And another thing to think about on the positive side of the nursing homes here. I use to work in one of the offices in a nursing home. And I got to see a lot of the things that they did. <SEP> They had a lot of crafts. And they had a lot of games. And they get together and just do they do all sorts of things. And then there. Some of the people that are in there are very nice and friendly to everybody. <SEP> And then there are others that are. It is just a job. And they just want to go in and do what they have to do and get out go home. <SEP> The attitude of the staff as you said is really very very important. <SEP> I think it would matter too kinds of disabilities that the nursing home accepts. Because there are some who poor things don't have any real grasp on reality any longer. <SEP> And they may be ambulatory. But they tend to behave like small children. And that would be very difficult for an adult who wasn't in that situation to have to deal with on a daily basis. <SEP> It is like wel- the one that I worked in you would see some of them just in wheelchairs all day. They would just roll themselves around all over the place. And they would enjoy themselves with activities. And then you would see some of the others that were distant from the other group. And they just didn't participate together with the others because they had some slight mental disabilities and things like that. <SEP>. What do you call Alzheimer disease and stuff like that. <SEP> Alzheimer. And they weren't really together with the rest of them when they got together for such activities. And that can.
sw2421.txt:. What do you think about it? I guess I'm more concerned about public safety than I am about the concern for the idea of preserving privacy for the individual. Privacy. <SEP> Because I can't really see why anyone who has nothing to hide would object. There is always the possibility even remote as it is of. <SEP> Of course that is certainly true. And that bothers me. I'm very much for drug testing. <SEP> I really am. I'm going to take the negative side just for a second just to do it. I have to take medication for kidney transplant. <SEP> And I'm going to be taking that the rest of my life. You. I don't know how that's going to affect. <SEP> If you had to have a drug test? I haven't had one yet. T I. I work for Texas Instruments. <SEP> And we do have the random drug testing. But I've missed it so far. But in the back of my mind it always bothers me. And what happens if they catch it. They think that I'm on drugs. And they send me and have me go through this thing. Checked out or whatever. <SEP> But it seems to me that there are ways to accommodate that. I agree that some innocent person might be victimized by a false test. But I would think that some guidelines could be set up to avoid that. For example that one positive would not be accepted as an automatic reason for whatever they might be going to do if they found a positive dismissal or treatment or whatever but that what it would do is it would trigger perhaps one or two more stages where further tests could be done. <SEP> Because there must be people like you or in other circumstances that could come up with false positives for certain kind of drugs. On the other hand I think there's certainly some professions that ought to be tested because of their responsibility for the public welfare and certainly people in the transportation industry specifically. <SEP>. <SEP> But in many cases whether or not an individual has a problem with drugs it's not even going to effect anybody but himself and his own family perhaps depending on the kind of drug he might be on. But and eventually that's going to show up anyway in the way he works and so on. <SEP> But there's so many things that it would make a difference. I guess I would not want to have anyone in my family victimized by a bus driver or a train engineer or something like that who hadn't been tested. Like I said I'm very much pro testing. And this is why. Number one is I'm kind of. I know this sounds like a slogan for the government. But we are in a war against drugs. <SEP> It's horrible. You don't know whether the person sitting next to you anywhere is on drugs or not. <SEP>. And it takes some drastic steps at this point. And I think personally the drastic step has to be that you can't work if you continue taking drugs. <SEP> It's as simple as that. Make it not necessarily difficult. Make it difficult enough. But make it so that it's not glamorous. <SEP> It's glamorous taking drugs. Or at least it seems that way. According to what you hear. <SEP> The people who have serious problems. We have. Really I guess we're kind of lucky. We really only know of one young man who's a fam-. They go to our church. And it's the son and so on. And he was friends with my children. And he's really the only one that I know of personally who got himself really messed up having been involved with drugs. But I know of a number of other people who have gotten all messed up. <SEP> Most of these are young people. I work in the education system. And so I have a little more contact with that. But the effect that it's had on this young man's life is so dramatic that it's heartbreaking. And he may never really be a productive member of society. But sadder than that he may never be able to have a normal happy life because it has strung him out so that he has anxieties now that are almost uncontrollable. He puts himself in the hospital fairly regularly thinking that he's not sure if he's going try to commit suicide or not. <SEP> He's so messed up. And this was a nice sweet young man who teenager. And he's now a young man about twenty who just got really down the wrong path. <SEP> And I don't know that his problem would ever have been detected by drug testing. But seeing what drugs did to him makes me realize what it could do to people in the work force as well. It's horrible. Then. Let's answer the second half of the question. What limits ought to be put on it do you think? <SEP> The limits would have to do with what I'd alluded to before that one positive on a drug test would not constitute dismissal or grounds for whatever the company or agency might have set up for those who genuinely have a problem. <SEP> In other words there needs to be more than. Treatment before dismissal type thing. Pard-. <SEP> There needs to be more than one test. And there needs to be some measure of certainty before anything drastic happens. There are lots of things that are involved there such as perhaps denial of insurance for someone. <SEP> And undoubtedly there are people who would be victimized by this that. It would be unfair. And people who are on medication for example or even people who might be of the gay community. And I'm not an advocate for that particular segment of society. But I think that there doesn't need to be fuel to the fire for discrimination. Because it makes a bigger problem. So it seems to me that there needs to be some rules that protect. <SEP> I'm not sure though when we talk about what rules if any that we should say certain segments should not have to be tested. I really don't see why. Personally I think that's what I was about to say is that everyone needs to be tested. And. <SEP> I don't know why it would be bad to test just every-. It. And it may be. It's not feasible to do everyone. But certainly random testing the fact that people know that they. That it could happen. <SEP> Would be some measure of protection. But the bottom line is that if you're going to stay clean and straight then you're going to do that because you want to. <SEP> There's going to be some measure of incentive reward or whatever. But the reward ultimately comes down to what you want. So I've got to agree with that. <SEP> That's very true. <SEP> It sounds like we agree anyway. I think so. I think we did pretty good. <SEP> I guess that's about it. I guess if that's all we've done. And I guess we've talked long enough. <SEP> It was nice talking to you. It was nice talking to you too.
sw3796.txt:Did you watch the Bulls this morning? You know what. I watched a little bit of the Bulls game. And I had to leave. In fact I think the Bulls were ahead when I left. Who won the game? They won in a squeaker. They won by two points. <SEP> Is that right? They were behind as they headed into each quarter. And then they came back in the second half. And at the end I think they looked like they were closing it out. And then Detroit kept coming back. And Isaiah missed a three point attempt at the end. <SEP> And I think the Bulls won by two. Don't they have the best record now? I think they do as a matter of fact. <SEP> One of the commentators said that they expected that the Bulls would set an N B A record for seventy wins in a season. They looked real good. And. <SEP> They do. And they. I think by relieving some of the pressure off of. Michael Jordan really helped them out. They don't have to rely on him to score thirty or forty points at every game. So. They're balancing their attack. And I think they look like they'll repeat although here in the Bay Area people are real impressed with what Don Nelson's done with the Warriors. <SEP> I know. I'm. I saw just a little bit of the highlights of the Warriors Dallas game. I saw the second half of the game last night. And they were impressive. They look good. Billy Owens looks like he was. That was a good move for the Warriors to trade for him. <SEP> I haven't kept up with what was going on with the. They traded away Mitch Richmond. Or is it Tim Hardaway. One of the two who along with Chris Mullen was. Though three were three of the best in the N B A. And they made a heck of a threesome. And they traded either Richmond or Hardaway to Sacramento for Billy Owens. And. <SEP> Good move. He's really worked out well. The Warriors have got a team. And I think that will be real interesting to see what they can do. They're ahead. And the Lakers are down in fourth position in the west. And I don't know. In the east I don't know. Is it Boston in first place? <SEP> I think Boston's in first. I haven't kept up with any of the other teams. I'm so depressed with the Dallas Mavericks. They've had a hard time. They said they've lost a lot of squeakers. <SEP> That. But just this whole year has been just disastrous for them. And I think they're going for an all time record of how many losses in a row they can pull out. It's unbelievable. How do people in Texas deal with Dallas Houston and San Antonio. Do you for example like San Antonio in Dallas? <SEP> Actually the Dallas area here pulls for Dallas. San Antonio pulls for San Antonio. And Houston pulls for the Rockets. So there isn't much crossover. Y-. <SEP> There really. Not a whole lot. You find them to be pretty loyal with the local teams. I guess it's kind of like there in the Bay area you don't find a whole lot of Sacramento fans. It's true. Because San Antonio isn't that close to you are they? <SEP> Really isn't. It's about the same distance from here to San Antonio as it is from there to Sacramento. Is it? <SEP> So it's not something you'd drive. So it's not really a local. I was thinking maybe David Robinson made a bit of a difference with kids and that sort of thing. <SEP> He does a lot of local stuff there in San Antonio. And they have got a great club. They've done a good job. Of course drafting a franchise like him certainly. <SEP> That always makes a big difference. That's. I think that's the way it works now in basketball. Magic was a franchise for the Lakers and Bird for the Celtics. <SEP> And. And I used to think that one player really doesn't make a club. But it really does. It. <SEP> You get somebody like Magic. And you can see the decline in that team. Once he left it's not the same team. There's not the leadership there that they used to rely on him for. I think you're right. And I think Isaiah Thomas would fit in Detroit. And I think those things do make a difference. And there are marquee players. And I think Jordan and the Bulls have to be considered the likely favorites. <SEP> I don't know who would meet them in the west. I don't know how good Portland will turn out to be by the end of the year. They were so disap-. Who won that Portland game? I watched only a few minutes of it. And I wasn't paying attention. And so I don't know. <SEP> But Phoenix and Portland have both been very good clubs. And.
sw3680.txt:Tell me what you think about the Vietnam war. I'm a Vietnam era veteran. And I was fortunate not to have to serve in the theater. However my support roll in the service was to support those in the theater of operation. I'm of the old school that believes that the contracts that we made back years ago needed to be honored. However I think we could have executed the war and gotten it over a whole lot quicker. But those are my personal thoughts. And I think that if we'd let the generals run the war like we let the generals run World War Two we'd had got it over a whole lot quicker and lost a lot fewer people. But as it was the politicians ran the Korean conflict and ultimately the Vietnam thing. And we managed to come out losers all the way around. And so this is what ultimately triggered us United States per se deciding to get out of the role of world policeman. Your views. As I understand it we got in there because of France. <SEP> France was there first. They had. We got into it because of SEATO agreement back just right after World War Two that we pledged a mutual defense of the South Vietnamese. And as it turned out they were in a civil war one with another. And really we. I question us now. Of course hindsight is all too clear. <SEP> So we have to deal with the situation as we played it. Jerry what did you think of people like Jane Fonda another anti-war activist. I. Don't get me started on those people. Before Jane Fonda did what she did I thought she was a wonderful person. But after. I just don't want anything to do with her any more. Because you support your government. Right or wrong? <SEP> Right or wrong. I don't think we can determine whether we were right or wrong. Because you're having to deal with again. I think we could have made a different agreement back in the late forties era that would have kept of there. I didn't realize that we'd signed some type of deal like that. I thought we came in as first advisors to the French and then they decided to pull out. And. <SEP> Can you hold just a second Terry? One moment. Wonder what happens to this little beastie on call waiting or something. Fascinating. That's not. <SEP> Sorry for the delay. That's okay. This is. The mutual defense thing was. We. It was complicated. And I don't think everybody knows the whole situation. I don't. But what I can gather is we went and said we will help the South Vietnamese should they ask. The French went in and tried their old style warfare and got soundly thrashed. And we didn't do a whole lot better. I had thought that they had colonies there or something. <SEP> That was the old French colony but the French were our allies in NATO. And they're also our allies in SEATO which was the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization which has since been disbanded as far as I know. NATO is on the way of being disbanded. But the French we go in as an ally to the French and says we'll help you out if you get in a bind. They got in a bind and says we don't want to play any more. <SEP> So we kind of got the ball rolling ourselves versus a bunch of top secret silly operations and then the full scale troops et cetera et cetera et cetera. I'm thirty-two. So I bar-. I missed it. Seventy-four is when they quit sending troops. Roughly. I was just probably three or four years.
sw2407.txt:. First of all I want to tell you I have two little kids. But they're not in public school yet. I get that experience starting next fall with kindergarten. <SEP>. So you haven't really dealt with that in a sense. <SEP> But being one of these late in life mothers I've listened to everybody else's complaints as to what's the matter with either their kids or the school system. <SEP> So I've been surprised. Do you have school age kids? Mine are both out of school. <SEP> And I've in hindsight seen some things that I wished that I had done something about that was within my power or wish that in some ways we as parents had more control over what's happening up there type thing. <SEP> Such as? Just over the years there were situations that came up that I didn't think were fair or handled correctly. Or the teachers didn't seem to be teaching anything. Of course it's a little hard to tell from the information that you get from your child. They bring things home. And I was never one to believe everything my kids said about something. <SEP> But still I questioned the ability of some of the teachers to really do a bang-up job. And yet others I know are just wonderful. I heard a frightening thing. Actually I didn't hear it. It was told to me or suggested to me that to work as a teacher in the public school systems in the state of Texas. If you have a degree in a technical field you do not need a teaching certificate because there is such a shortage of people to teach math and sciences. <SEP> And somebody said you could go in and substitute teach at seventy-five dollars a day. And there's always going to be somebody having a need for a math or science teacher. I thought they're letting me in to. This would be frightening. I don't know anything about it. That's pretty interesting because just because you know a subject matter doesn't mean you can teach it. <SEP> <SEP> And even if I knew how to teach the subject matter I don't know if I'd know how to handle that kind of a group of kids. In fact I think that's one of the big problems today is the way the kids behave or act and the way they are sometimes disinterested in what's going on in the class and disruptive. I tell you what I'm finding frightening. And this comes from the aging hippie near forty mother. So I went through this period of supposedly cosmic social enlightenment. <SEP> I'm in the Plano school system and living in Richardson. And there is a real dichotomy in terms of educational and economic background of the kids that are going to be attending this school. And I used to think that's wonderful. They can get a real life experience. What I'm seeing now in terms of kindergarten preparedness just from in different preschools it's like day and night. <SEP> And I wonder how do they handle a child who is obviously very ready and another child who doesn't even speak English let alone know her colors. And they're in the same classrooms. And I guess also you're going to see the first of the crack kids starting kindergarten. I think it would be next year is what I'd read. I thought how do you weed those out? Some of those certainly have a lot of difficulties with all sorts of things. <SEP> And I would imagine their learning disabilities are quite large in some cases. When I was listening to N P R the National Public Radio. And they've quoted statistics that my throat just about fell into my toes. They said at the bottom of the S A T scores of graduating college seniors are usually those people that go into education. <SEP> That's encouraging. And I got to thinking back when I was teaching college chemistry the people that took the lower level courses I sometimes wondered are they really even educatable or trainable. And it. I-. Are the rest of us who went for the big bucks staying out of where maybe we should be kind of socially obligated to spend some time teaching or something with these kids? <SEP> I don't know. That's an idea. Maybe there need to be some radical changes made. Do some things that are totally different and unheard of. You sit here. And you think about that. At the same time you think I hope I don't sound like a stage mother because right now if you ask my friends t- put twenty mothers in a room and ask them how many have gifted children you're going to have twenty hands up there. <SEP> You're kidding. Nobody has a nongifted child. <SEP> And I keep thinking gifted is Einstein or musical prodigies. It's not a kid who's precocious. What has the educational system been watered down to that anybody who's above average is now gifted? <SEP> I don't know. That's interesting. I don't know. Mine did not fall into the gifted category. Don't say that. And I would never had said so either. But they managed to get through although not always with flying colors. In fact one of the incidents I was thinking of that my son had. He was struggling with senior English. And I had a meeting with the vice principal and the English instructor. And she showed me a paper that he had just handed in. And she told me what she had requested. And I read it. And while it had a few little grammatical problems it wasn't very long and so forth. I thought it had some nice well thought out parts to it. <SEP> She gave him an F on that paper. And I thought here you have a student who is trying to pass who is struggling with your subject. And you give them an F on something that doesn't seem that bad to me. What are you telling that student? You're telling them that you might as well forget it. I think that harks right back to the elementary and junior high years. Because I have a stepson now who's twenty-five. And I was just absolutely shocked the first time that I saw his schoolwork. I remember being taught. And you have to teach how to write an answer and how to construct a thought process. <SEP> And they can grasp the points. Can they convey the data verbally or in writing. And that's what's really scary to me. I would really. There's such a push among young mothers these days to make sure their child is computer literate. I would really think that they should be stressing more can the kid write a thought and at an early age. And if they can't if they have missed that training then somebody before you're start penalizing them with bad grades for not being able to communicate what they're thinking teach them these basic skills. It's pretty sad to think about those who even today are graduating from school. And they are telling that they don't know how to read. My stepson he went into the Navy or Air Force. I just really get my military. I married into a military family. <SEP> And I don't know. I address them all as generals. So I don't offend anybody. But fortunately for him he wasn't dumb. But he sure had trouble putting things on paper. <SEP> And one of the things that they did for him. They tested him. And they said that he's great in electronics. But he really does need the basic skills. And they put him through six months of composition writing in addition to all his electronic training. And at that point he has now graduated from warfare electronics school with honors. This is the kid who really barely made it through high school. <SEP> And I keep thinking it's really not too late at any point to do some-. That's interesting that the military saw that and did something about it. You would have expected them to be the last ones to. <SEP> And I kind of have always pooh-poohed military educations. But I think that for this kid it's going to be his lifesaver. Otherwise he might have been driving trucks or framing houses from here to eternity. So I don't know. <SEP> It does make me nervous. I can see why if you've got little ones just coming along. There's a whole lot of stuff going on out there. There is a whole lot of stuff going on out there. And part of me says I just would like to shut my eyes and pretend it doesn't go on. Or send them to private schools. And then the old social conscience says I'm not working I don't need to work. Maybe I should volunteer to teach what I know. <SEP> Maybe adult literacy. Maybe composition writing. Maybe volunteering on a tutor line or even through the elementary schools for help with homework. Or the other part of me says is I've had enough kids. Do I reall-.
sw3688.txt:Do you have any pets now? We don't right now. We've. I grew up with pets. <SEP> My folks and I always had a dog and a cat some birds. <SEP> But right now we don't have anything. That. What about you? A matter of choice or compulsion? <SEP> We've just. It seems like we've always been at a place where we'd have to go away for the summer or something. And it was never convenient to have anything. <SEP> We were thinking about getting a dog if we get into a house. Someplace where there. We can take care of it and everything. We've got some children who would just really enjoy having an animal a dog I think. <SEP> And What about you all? Right now I'm a student. And campus housing does not even allow thinking about that. <SEP> We almost got chased out of here for feeding a stray cat. Is that right? They're very strict about it. <SEP> But you like pets and things? I love animals. I was raised. Our house when I was growing up there was almost never at least one cat in the house. <SEP> It was almost always at least one cat sometimes fifteen or twenty. But always cats in the house. We enjoyed them. <SEP> We like pets. But you've got to deal with taking care of them and feeding them and everything like that. And our kids are. We've got some children. And they're not used to it on a daily basis. They. How old are your kids? <SEP> From fourteen down to seven. You sound like you've got some small ones in the background. One. <SEP> Is that right? Our first. He's about eleven weeks now. <SEP>. Where are you from? Originally? <SEP> West Virginia. I don't know how familiar you are with that area of the country. But. <SEP> I've been to Charleston. Charleston West Virginia? That's pretty much the south end of the state or the southern quarter of the state anyway? <SEP> In the north end of the state you've got that little narrow strip of West Virginia going up between Ohio and Pennsylvania. Right at the base of that northern peninsula is my hometown. <SEP> That's interesting. So it's really up north in the country really. <SEP> I guess so. It's. My parents' house is three miles south of where the Mason-Dixon Line would have hit the Ohio River had it continued that far. <SEP> I see. It's pretty nice country up there? It's beautiful. <SEP> Hills or what? From my neck of the woods it's hilly. Maybe three hundred four hundred feet elevation type variations from the valleys up to the hilltops. <SEP> Is it farmland? Not a lot of farmland there. Mostly it's. There's individuals growing their own food. Most of the agriculture it's more in the way of sheep and cattle. <SEP> And even that's small time mostly. The biggest chunk of what's going on there is industry. <SEP> It's coal mines and chemical plants and power plants. Aluminum plants. There's two aluminum plants. <SEP> What are you studying there at Heidelberg? Computer engineering. What year? Just finished up my fourth semester. <SEP>. I hope that works out well. It's a big change. <SEP> I spent twenty years as a mechanic. What's. So. <SEP> Did you? You've got some experience behind you in the work force. <SEP> Are you shooting for a bachelor's now or a master's or what? I'm working on a bachelor's degree. I'm working on a bachelor's degree. It'll be compu-. <SEP> Hope it's a good program there. Hope it's a good program there. It seems to me from what I've been able to find out. <SEP> That's considered a pretty good program. It's nice and small which means if you don't get the class this semester then you've got to wait anywhere from two to four semesters to get it again. But it's worth it once you get it. <SEP> That's good. And probably a good student teacher ratio and things. Most the class are pretty small. <SEP> That works out real well. I was wondering what if you all were to get a pet if you were to move into an apartment. Or a house somewhere what would you get? First off we'd probably wind up with a cat or maybe a puppy. <SEP> I'm partial towards the larger dogs. Our last we've had a couple of cats before we moved on campus. <SEP> Had a hamster or two. And they got to be a lot of fun. A hamster. <SEP> It's amazing how much character.
sw2565.txt:There we go. I'm a Dodgers fan from way back. <SEP> How way back. Late fifties early sixties. <SEP> So Wally Moon moon shots and all that. What's that? Coliseum Wally Moon and all that. <SEP> It's a. I'm living just west of Baltimore and Frederick which is also just west of Baltimore has a minor league team. And Wally Moon is the manager of them. Is that right? So he's still kicking around. That's interesting. I also lived eight years in Ohio before going away to college. And I used to go watch the Toledo Mudhens. <SEP> I saw them. I was out there last Summer. And I saw a game at Ned Skelton. Is that the stadium? I couldn't tell you for sure. It's been a long time. So there used to be a race track. <SEP> It was. That was impression I got when I was there. So. I think that's right. So had a lot of fun. Actually I like minor league baseball a lot. It's cheaper for one thing. That's true. I think I've kind of become a Rangers fan over the last eleven years since I've been here. They've led the American league in batting fielding and pitching. But they've never been able to do more than one of those in any given year. So. <SEP> I think they're in for a odd year this year. Actually they. I don't understand why Encovilla got released. I don't either. The guy's twenty twenty-five home rums maybe thirty eighty some R B I-s. He can't field. And he strikes out a lot. But he's done that for five years. Why get rid of him now? He really has become a very decent fielder. <SEP>. He's not the liability that he was that he used to be. <SEP> He fits right in with Detroit bunch of guys that hit home runs and strike out a lot. Of course get a guy like Cecil Fielder. If he strikes out a lot so what. With Detroit they can get away with one guy like that. If I were in Detroit I would start building the team around Fielder. <SEP> But that doesn't mean get three other guys who hit all they can do is hit home runs and strike out which they did. <SEP> I think the key for L A this year is whether Oral Herschiser can come back. I think the pitching's deep enough that it doesn't matter. It may be. <SEP> I like them a lot. I think they're going to go all the way. And by saying I like them I like their chances. I actually don't like the Dodgers. I'm a Giants fan from way back. Picking up Darrell Strawberry didn't hurt. <SEP> But Butler didn't hurt either. And Bobby Ojeda didn't hurt. And. Who's the last one. Bobby Ojeda. They got him from the Mets for Hubie Brooks. <SEP> He's a pretty decent pitcher. He's. He is. He. <SEP> And that guy the short stop is going to be good. It should be an interesting year. <SEP> I'm looking. I've already been to one game. And I should have been to two. But. Are you an Orioles fan? The team I live and die with actually is the Red Sox mostly die. But I go to the Orioles since they're here. And I do enjoy them. <SEP> I've had an opening day on Monday. I kind of wish that they had inter league play like they do in all the other sports so I could see some of the National League teams here once in a while. How far is Houston? Three hundred miles. <SEP> Keep forgetting how big states are out there sometimes. It's incredible. I. We're pretty lucky because if I want to see a National League team I can usually go up to Philadelphia. There you go. <SEP> And saw the Cardinals and Cubs last year and a bunch of teams the year before. You are a baseball fan aren't you. <SEP> I try to see whatever I can. I've been to thirty or forty games each of the last few years. Hope I'm going to do it this year because having a kid this fall. So it's so much for going to lots of baseball games. <SEP> So do it while you can. Seriously. It's been good talking with you. <SEP> Good talking with you. And you'll be happy in October when the Dodgers win. I wouldn't mind it. I'll be upset probably even though my prediction will be right. God bless. And good talking with you. <SEP> And good talking with you. Take care.
sw3781.txt:I suppose we both have credit cards. They seem to be a part of life. <SEP> How do you use them? I do use them. I have a few favorites that I use more than others. And I try to keep my balances fairly reasonable. I could probably pay them off any month if I wanted to. <SEP> But occasionally they can get out of hand and get higher when you start using more than a few. And they all can build up. <SEP> I think they're handy. I just get. I don't carry a lot of cash with me. And I hate writing checks when you go shopping. <SEP>. Do you use credit cards? <SEP> I use a few. I watched my grandmother go into debt on them. And so I've. And then I guess my mother. Grandmother. <SEP> So my mother learned from that. And I guess she taught me to be very very careful with them. So basically I just keep them. I use them so that I build up a credit rating. <SEP> But otherwise I generally. And my husband. I've just been married seven months. But he has the same habit. And we just keep a few of the major ones and then use them once in a while for something. That's good. But we always pay it off right that month so that we don't pay any service charge. That's wonderful. <SEP> So that way we keep out of debt. And we keep on top of what we're spending. The interest rates in credit cards is so high now compared to what your savings is bringing. <SEP> It's really ridiculous to let them keep building. That's what I feel. So. But I know some people can get carried away with them and let them get out of hand. <SEP> It's really easy just to forget that you charged that or charged that. I try to keep all my receipts and keep them in someplace where I know that the bill's going to come. But sometimes I forget. And so a bill will come in. And I'll think I didn't know it was going to be that high. <SEP> But so far we've been able to pay it off every time. So. That's good. Right now I'm kind of looking for a Visa that has a lower interest rate. It seems that some of them have gotten higher. <SEP> And I saw on T V they had a program on credit cards. And they're supposed to. I don't know if it was Tennessee or Arkansas or some other state had a Visa card that was the lowest one in the country. And I didn't write it down at the time. And then I went and looked to see what my visa was. And I think it's eighteen percent or something. <SEP> So think I want to find something that has a lower rate. <SEP> Have you ever used Discover card? I haven't. I'm not even sure what their interest rate is since I pay it off. But you know. Is that the one from Sears? <SEP> I think Sears originally put it out. But it's pretty well taken all over the U S now. I've haven't found many places that don't take Discover. And there's no annual service fee which is good. <SEP> And then they also give you cash back at the end of the year. For the amount that I charge I get two dollars back or something. But if you use credit cards a lot you probably get more back. They give you money back for using your credit card. <SEP> Basically. That's it. I didn't know that. <SEP> And I think the service charge is pretty low too. But I'm not sure. Sears was one of the few department stores that never would take any other credit cards. I worked at Sears for over ten years. And it was only a Sears card that they would take until I guess they decided to join the club and come up with another credit card that was accepted. <SEP>. So now they'll take the Discover. But I still don't know if Sears will take Visa or Mastercard. <SEP> But I never did apply for a Discover card. I just figure with the Visa and American Express I probably have an. <SEP> I can do enough damage with those two. I think it's best to keep the number down that you have. <SEP> I've got some that I haven't even used at all past few years. I probably wouldn't be able to use them. <SEP> But I do like my Dillard's. I have to admit that's one of my favorite places to shop. And I do use Dillard's probably more than any of the other department stores. <SEP> But. Do you have anything else to say? <SEP> Not too much more about credit cards. I don't think I do either. So. <SEP> It was good talking to you. Good talking to you Beth. Good luck. <SEP> Have a good evening. You too.
sw3130.txt:. Do you have recycling in Sachse? <SEP> We do. We've got a pickup twice a week that they come out. Do. And they have their own special bin that they hand it out to everybody. And they take it. <SEP> And it's twice a week? We have recently started a bin program here in Plano where. <SEP> Used to be we put all of our trash in green bags and the trash men came out twice a week and picked up. And now they have these large green containers. And you have to put your trash that you don't recycle in there. And then they haven't started curbside recycling yet. But they're planning on doing it very soon. Apparently the trucks that they had lined up they needed the parts for Saudi Arabia. <SEP> And so that put off the program for a while. But do you recycle? My kids do. Do they? <SEP> Put it that way. They've been recycling cans for extra money. <SEP> So that's been their summer money. And they're fixing to go to Disneyland. So. <SEP> That's great. That's the way we started too. My daughter was going to Camp Goddard which is through the Plano school system in the fall couple of years ago. <SEP> And she had to earn money for it. And she was too young to baby-sit. So that's how she started. She started recycling cans. And from there we now recycle glass and newspapers and aluminum cans and plastics. <SEP>. Is that the same way as with the aluminum cans where you go. And they weigh it or whatever. <SEP> And. The only thing we get paid for are the aluminum cans. The rest of it we just do because my husband has become hooked on recycling. <SEP> And so we don't get paid for that. But that's okay. It's not that much of a bother really. You just have to rinse out your bottles or whatever. And we use a lot of two liter bottles. And milk cartons and things like that. <SEP> It's amazing how much plastic you generate. I was amazed at how many cans that we got. <SEP> Because when the kids first went down I said that's great. And I was thinking maybe I'd help supplement it when they turned them in. But it's amazing how many cans you go through. And how fast they accumulate. It really is. <SEP> All that stuff. And how much we have reduced our waste. That we're generating a week. I know our neighbors when we first went to this bin program said there's no way we're going to have to have pickup twice a week. They were real upset. But they were only picking up once a week. And we said to them if you recycle you'll go two weeks without having to put out the green container. <SEP> And it's really amazing. The other thing he does that my husband a real stickler about is we don't collect our grass clippings. He got a little mulcher thing. <SEP> It's just a little attachment for the lawn mower. And we mow once a week. More often then that. And then the clippings just get mulched up and then just lay on the lawn. And it's amazing. It's amazing. We don't collect any of that. And that has cut down a lot in what we throw out. We don't catch it either mainly because my husband rarely has time to mow the yard. So if it gets mowed I do it normally. <SEP> And I can't mow the yard with the grass catch on it. It's too heavy. <SEP> So I just mow it and leave it. It just soaks in. Sure it does. Sure it does. It really does. And it. Actually they say that you're wasting fertilizer if you're catching your grass clippings. <SEP> That's that much fertilizer you have to use because it does fertilize the lawn. It's amazing. <SEP> I like it better doing it. One. It cuts down on my mow time anyway. That's true. And you zip through it quicker. That's true. That's true. I really think you're going to get hooked on plastics and paper before you know it. <SEP> We probably will. It's really not that much trouble. We keep a garbage bag in the garage. And as soon as we use something we crush it up and put it out there. And then every few weeks we have a recycling center near Wal-Mart. <SEP> They have the containers that you can just go over there and drop it in. And it's really no trouble. And I feel like at least we're doing something. <SEP> I read a magazine article. And they said something about how you don't realize even just your small contribution it seems like a small contribution. But it's not. If everyone were to recycle just their newspapers they would save thousands and thousands of trees. A day just from not throwing out your newspapers. And when you read that you think maybe it is a big deal. <SEP> What makes me sick is when they show the dump sites and how big they are. <SEP> Or in New York the barges that go up and down the river. <SEP> And they don't have any place to put it. And it just floats in the. It's ugh. And that's really not necessary. <SEP> It really isn't. If everybody would do just a little bit it would make a big difference. It would make a huge impact. So I'm excited about the recycling program in Plano. I can't wait for them to get it started. Because it'll be that much easier for us. Like I said now we have to take it over to Wal-Mart. It would be real nice if they just came by and just picked up. <SEP> It's convenient out here for them to do it. What do they pick up? It's just. <SEP> They pick up the plastic the glass and the newspaper. They do? And do you have to sort that? <SEP> And they will do the alum-. Or do you just put it all in. You just put it in the one bin. And I guess they do the sorting. But they'll do the aluminum cans too. But we don't give them those. <SEP> The kids keep those. So. So you're doing that now? You're doing the newspapers and the glass? We don't take the newspaper to begin with. When neither one of us are home to read it. <SEP>. <SEP> So we don't have the newspapers but the plastic and the glass. At first when it first started it was hard. Because you're just used to throwing things. My husband would come home and go through the trash and say you threw this away. <SEP> <SEP> He would get all upset. And I'd say. It's just such an automatic reaction. And now we think before we throw anything away. It is. It's really funny. We really. Once you get into the habit of it it's okay. It's just making it a habit that's hard. <SEP> I know. The kids have even got to the point where if they see anybody going in the trash can with a can they're don't do that. And they go to the sink they rinse them out and they put them upside down they let them drain. And then after a couple of days they take them all outside. And I put them in a big bag anyway. <SEP> And then they dump the bag out. And then they crush them. So that's their activity thing. To go out there and crush. That's fun. <SEP> That's a lot of fun. That's a lot of fun. That's great. I'm to hear you're doing that. <SEP> I. My sister was here recently from Connecticut. And they have a deposit on all their bottles and cans.
sw2499.txt:. What have you seen? The latest movie I've seen that I thought was fantastic was DANCES WITH WOLVES. <SEP> That's. I knew you were going to say that. I want to go see that. I just finally ended up going to see it. And one day my husband had the kids. And I just went because we could never get to go see it together because it's so long. By the time we had a babysitter for that long. <SEP> So I finally just went to see it. And I just thought it was fantastic. I watched Costner on the Academy Awards. I was really happy that he got. I was hoping he was going to get Best Actor. <SEP> But he did pretty good on that one. That was quite a. The buffalo scene in that thing was so real. It's like. It just blew me away. <SEP> I bet. There're several of them that are out right now that I want to see. DANCES. SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. <SEP> I'm afraid to go see that one. That one looks so scary just from the previews. I thought I'd probably have nightmares for the next six months. <SEP> It's supposed to be good though. That's what people said. I know some friends who went to see it. <SEP> They said it was really riveting. That's what they said about THE EXORCIST. It's terrible. You'll have nightmares. I watched last weekend. Me and my roommate. We laughed about it. You're not a thirteen year old. I don't know. I saw it when I was a kid. And I thought. <SEP> I'll tell. I guess it was because I'd read the book before I saw the movie. And the book to me was far more frightening than the movie was. <SEP> He's a very good writer. And he had a way of putting you in that scene. It was. And of course I was living alone at the time. And it was late at night and scary and. You start hearing noises. Call the crisis line. <SEP> I bet. And there's rats in the attic. <SEP> Let's see. There was a couple of others that are out. And I can't remember. I saw one I thought was crummy. With that new Michael J Fox movie THE HARD WAY. Where he plays a actor that's th-. <SEP> I didn't even like the previews on that. I know. It was. I ended up at the theater. And there didn't seem to be anything else on I wanted to see. So I'll try that. But it wasn't worth anything. I didn't care for that at all. <SEP> I don't much care for Michael J Fox anyway. The last two I saw him in one of those BACK TO THE FUTURE PART THREE deals. That was crummy also. I didn't think that was any good. <SEP> So. I saw the original BACK TO THE FUTURE. And then I know. I hardly ever go see a sequel. <SEP> I think the only I've ever seen a sequel was TWO THOUSAND AND ONE. TWO THOUSAND AND TEN was far better. <SEP> TWO THOUSAND AND ONE was a good movie if you had read the book. I hadn't read it. And I couldn't figure what was going on half the time. So. Nobody could figure it out. The book was so much. <SEP> There's just things. All you can do is put it in words. You can't put it in pictures. A lot of that stuff that was going on in the film you say what is this? <SEP> What's the significance of the apes. I should probably go back and read the book now that I just saw the movie again not too long ago. The book is really good. I keep a little library of books that I just like to read over and over again. And that's one of them. <SEP> It's so well written. I have one I bet you haven't seen if you don't have kids. OTIS AND MILO. You're right. I haven't. That is the most precious movie. It has to see it on the big screen because it's just the most gorgeous nature scenes you've ever seen in your life. And it's all this. It's the story of this little cat and dog. And it's not cutesy. It's just so realistic. Everything they do. You wonder how in the world they ever got them to do some of these things. <SEP> Those. And it was A real dog and cat. A real dog and cat? <SEP> And all the other animals. They initially start out in the barnyard kind of setting where they're raised. And then the cat gets on this treacherous journey. He climbs into a box and ends up floating down this river. And he winds up all over creation. I don't know where in the world it is. Somewhere in China somewhere I think that it was filmed. But it's just really an incredible thing. <SEP> Sounds sort of like the incredible journey. It was pretty wild. And. Of course the only sound is Dudley Moore narrates it. But there's nothing else to keep it going. But it really keeps me going. <SEP> I've seen it twice now. That sounds a lot like a Walt Disney film. <SEP> Sounds a lot like a Walt Disney film. It was like the best of the Walt Disney ones. Walt Disney's kind of gotten worse in my opinion over the past few years. Not anymore. I was raised on Walt Disney films. <SEP> OLD YELLER. BIG RED. All those old good ones that you wish they had on more now. But. <SEP> When I was a little kid I saw the INCREDIBLE JOURNEY on Christmas Eve. And it was so good that I had forgotten that it was Christmas Eve. <SEP> That's something for a kid. That's pretty good. <SEP> And that was something for greedy old me at Christmas time I'll tell you. Let's see. What are some other ones I've seen lately. I'm trying to remember. I can't. I just saw one on the video. Have you seen THE GODS MUST BE CRAZY PART TWO? That is a riot. <SEP> Is it? The first one was really good. But the second one is really good too. I was really surprised. <SEP> I didn't much care for the first one. Maybe that's. I thought it was funny. But that's my sense of humor. I'll have to go get that one I guess. It's hard to find movies that aren't terrible violent or terribly bunch of sex going on anymore. And I guess I'm just middle America or something. I just go to be entertained. And and not really interested in the TERMINATOR or some of the Schwarzenegger stuff. <SEP> It's it's. I just. I get so tired of these sequels. Number nine number ten number fourteen. <SEP> FREDDY'S REVENGE PART TWENTY-FIVE or whatever. I've never. <SEP> FREDDY EATS A NUCLEAR WARHEAD. I'm just. I'm so sick and tired of that. I just can't believe it. It's like ROCKY films. I haven't seen a one. I've never seen any of those. <SEP> I can't stand Stallone. I can't either. He seems so macho I just. And I was afraid that RAMBO was going to do the same thing that ROCKY was going to do. Go into fourteen hundred episodes. <SEP> I hardly ever watch T V. If I ever get the hankering to see something I've got maybe about thirty or forty movies. And I just. When they're so cheap too at the video stores that you can. <SEP> I don't even rent them. You don't? I figure if I find a movie I like I'll buy it. Cause I just watch them over and over again. That's like. My husband does that. He can watch them over and over. <SEP> I. And I'm. There's very few I would want to see that many times. So once he has one he likes to watch it over and over. My very favorite one that the top of the tick for me is EXCALIBUR. That was a good one. I haven't seen that one in a long time. <SEP> I loved that film. It's just so well done. And I lived over in England for four years. <SEP> That was the first place I ever saw it. And it was just. It was so good. <SEP> It was filmed in Ireland. And they got pretty scenery in Ireland. I bet. <SEP> It's nice. And I've been down to the south of England where supposedly King Arthur's castle was. So that really has a lot of meaning for you to see that. <SEP> It was unimpressive to look at. The whole thing was about the size of a medium house. It wasn't. When I was in England years ago. And I went to Shakespeare's and Stratford-On-Avon and all that. And it was like you couldn't stand up inside of it. Because it was so short. <SEP> The ceilings were so short. But. <SEP> There's some nice stuff over there to see. I spent four years traveling around and didn't see hardly anything. I just. <SEP> I need to go over there and stay about twenty years so I can just travel. Go around all the places. <SEP> Stonehenge of course. Everybody makes the obligatory trip to Stonehenge. Big deal. Here's some rocks sitting out in the middle of a field. It's boring. Did you see any movies over there? <SEP> I remember I went to see DON QUIXOTE over there when it came out. It came out right around the time with Sophia Loren. And that was a riot to see that. You know something. Come to think of it I don't think I went to the movies one time. Cause when you're touristing you probably don't want to take the time to go see a movie. <SEP> I. Where I lived. It was a little town called Newmarket. About seventy miles north of London. <SEP> And there was another town called Barry Saint Edmunds about twenty miles away from us. And they had a little theater company there. And we use to go out to that about once a week. <SEP> A really nice place. Amateurs but really quite good. But that was interesting. Course go to London quite a lot and see shows down there. That sounds great. <SEP> But other than that I just didn't have time to go to the movies. <SEP> Never sho- anyway anything that I ever wanted. I rented a lot of videos. Cause the closest movie theater was Barry Saint Edmunds. And who wants to drive twenty miles to go to the movies. <SEP> Probably some of them did. A lot of people did. <SEP> But it would have to be a good show. It's hard to know what the good movies are anymore. Because sometimes the reviews you just can't go by. <SEP> I us-. They have all these neat phrases. Like critically acclaimed. <SEP> That's what they when the thing hasn't won any award. I see. They can't. It's kind of like waterfront property or something if you're two miles away from water. <SEP> From Love Canal. Water view. <SEP> Waterfront property here at Love Canal. But critically acclaimed. Give me a break. <SEP> That's wh-. There's a lot of reasons why I don't go to movies. And primarily I'm probably going to upset you. But people who bring kids irritates the heck out of me.
sw2113.txt:The last movie that I saw. I don't go to that many. So I'll just have to talk about the ones that I went to see. But it was AWAKENINGS with Robin Williams and Peter DeNiro. <SEP> Have you seen it. Unfortunately I haven't. I heard it's really good. But. It is. I just have to take my hat off to Peter DeNiro. <SEP> He is one of the best actors I've ever seen. It's. There's a point where. The show is about these catatonic type people that. This doctor discovers a drug that brings them back to the living more or less. But it wears off. And the way it wears off is he goes through all these spastic. It starts off with a tic. <SEP> And then it gets to where he can't control his movements at all. And it was just so realistic. The way you have to just keep reminding yourself that he's an actor. What. Is. Robin Williams does he have a funny part in it? It was very se-. <SEP> How does he do serious. He's good. He's talented. He is. I've only seen him in funny stuff. And so. I know. Me too. But what was that show Garf-. I want to say Garfield. But that wasn't it. <SEP> THE WORLD ACCORDING TO GARP. THE WORLD ACCORDING TO GARP. He wasn't always funny in that show was he. I didn't see the movie. I read the book. But I. I did too. That's why I was thinking it couldn't be just a totally funny part. <SEP> In fact it got some pretty serious deep parts in it. So. What have you seen? <SEP> I think the last movie that we went out to see was DANCES WITH WOLVES. I saw it. We've both seen one. Did you cry through it? The whole way. <SEP> It was telling a friend I said I only cried twice. But each was about half an hour long. Where did you cry. Let's see. Each time that I thought that the Indians were going to get killed I cried. <SEP> I cried the first time when the wagon man got killed when they attacked him. And I think from there on all the way through the movie. Let's see what else did it. What other parts. I can't remember any of the other parts right off now. I cried when the horse got killed and when the wolf got killed. <SEP> We-. I don't remember when the horse got killed. Th-. When he was riding back to the settlement and they shot his horse out from under him. And then the next day he looked out there and saw those buzzards. <SEP> And that horse has been such a pal to him when he was alone. You can tell I'm an animal lover. You can hear my dog. <SEP> Unfortunately we don't have any animals. So. It was a beautiful story. It really was. It. There was a lot of pretty scenery too in that movie. <SEP> What did you think about the buffalo scenes. I thought it was awful and so graphic. That was. <SEP> I hadn't even imagined it. I think we all heard the story of the slaughter of the buffalo. I had a friend who had fixed some buffalo chili about a week before went to see the movie. <SEP> Of course they raise them now to eat. It's not. But we were both feeling so guilty about enjoying this chili after seeing that. <SEP> At least you know that it wasn't same situation that the buffalo died in. It wasn't. I thought the scenes when the buffalos running though were beautiful. That was great. <SEP> And there were so many of them. I didn't know that that many buffaloes alive much less in one place. That was pretty. And to think about how it just changed the whole landscape you could follow this beaten down path. <SEP> And it sounded like thunder and earthquakes and that sort of thing. I wonder how they kept up with them though. It seemed like the buffaloes were moving so fast. I know. <SEP> I guess they graze though. That wouldn't be a problem. Have you seen any of the behind the scenes of that movie. It was. They tried to keep it very close to real. <SEP> Kevin Costner did all of his own scenes. And they had to teach a wolf how to howl. That's the part they had trouble finding was wolves. <SEP> I guess they're just not domesticated. Or. What. They just don't howl that much anymore. That'll teach them in a couple minutes. I could bring them in with my dogs and set a siren off. And that's all they'd have to do. <SEP> That's funny. I think we've made it. <SEP> Is that five minutes. Is that. I don't know. Is it five or three. I'm not sure. I'm not either. <SEP> I think we've done okay though. Me too. Thank you for calling. Thank you. <SEP> And I hope you enjoy some more good movies late-. You too.
sw3417.txt:. I guess my initial view is our tax burden hasn't gone down in recent years our total tax burden despite tax cuts. But among industrialized nations we have one of the lowest in the world. And in. Of the matter. You get what you pay for. If we're going to have national health insurance which seems likely it's necessarily going to involve more taxes. I take the view that cutting income tax rates has been good for the economy that most other countries have a higher share of the tax burden in various kinds of sales taxes energy taxes particularly and that to the extent we need to raise more taxes that's the direction we should look. <SEP> I guess I kind of have mixed feelings. You always sit there. And out of each pay check so much comes out of it. And you wonder where's it all going. Where's it all going? And we have such a huge national deficit. And I guess a lot of times there's questions wondering if it's doing a whole lot of good. I know there's a lot of social programs out there that need help. But you kind of always wonder where's the money going? One of the big tax that has gone up a lot in this year is the social security tax which in principle is going into a big trust fund. <SEP> But that is a particularly regressive tax. It's a tax on the first dollar earnings. And Senator Moynihan's proposal to cut there makes a lot of sense. I'm sorry. I couldn't. I think Senator Moynihan's proposal to cut the social security tax which isn't really going to beef up the social security program could make a lot of sense. <SEP> I agree with that. As far as other countries I don't keep up on it too much as far as what they're do-. I know. We were in Ireland last year. And I know that the tax there is extremely high much higher than we pay here. But as far as other countries I'm not up to par on. <SEP> I think Japan is probably about equal to ours. And other major countries are higher. Our friends were amazed that the cost of things when they went to Canada not so long ago. <SEP> And as a whole most other countries have a higher level of cradle to grave government services. And it's a real. They're real trade-offs there. <SEP> And you sit there and wonder. I guess this doesn't really have to do with taxes but just money in general and wondering if you're going to have enough when you retire to live on. I. That's a scary thing that there's no real knowing about. There's a lot of inflation risk that isn't taken care of in most private pension plans. That's true. But are you involved with the legislature up there. Or which. I'm at the National Institute of Standards and Technology. Part of the Commerce Department. Here in Gaithersburg Maryland. <SEP>. <SEP> I was just wondering since you said Washington D C. And you picked this topic. I was just kind of curious. I didn't pick it. <SEP> You didn't. I don't really recall. I may have filled out on the form. But I certainly have the feeling I've been given topics different from the ones that I mentioned before. Did you. I haven't placed any calls. Did they automatically assign the topic? When you place a call topic is given to you. <SEP> I didn't know that. I thought whoever made the call could choose what topic. Because I haven't made any calls yet. I've just received some. You should try it. <SEP> I didn't realize that. Because it can be a rather controversial subject depend on who you're talking to. Many of the subjects are. Taxes especially. One thing that has kept our tax burden high is the level of the defense budget. And that same subject.
sw3756.txt:Have you painted something lately? I have. That room I showed you. <SEP> And then since then we have painted the bedroom. Another bedroom. I showed you that one too didn't I? The brown one. <SEP> The one that looks like a fudgesicle. I painted the outside of my house and one bathroom. <SEP> But I have that problem with the ceiling the blown ceiling. Where you get around the edge. <SEP> That is hard. I asked Janice or somebody recently how you do that when you paint the ceilings where you have got that textured stuff that they have special rollers that are real soft and furry that you paint that with. <SEP> How do you get the edge though? How do you get the edge? The straight edge? <SEP> You just have to be real careful. I see. We use a two inch brush on a slant. <SEP> And that mostly does it even though you still make mistakes. But. Are you going to paint the outside of your house too? I think I am going to do it this spring actually. <SEP> There are six houses. The people that own the house they pay for anything like that that we do. As far as the materials. Nice. There are three houses on this street the same color of yellow out of six houses. <SEP> So I am thinking I am going to change it to something. The brick is multi color. Mostly earth tones. I think I am going to put something like a brown on it on the outside. And maybe a little deeper brown in the entry way or something so it will stand out a little. That will be nice. <SEP> What color did you paint. Or two tone. <SEP> There are some columns that could be painted a different color too. <SEP> What color did you paint your house? White. On the out. But I have a problem. I can't get up high. And we can't paint the chimney. <SEP> You have got to get one of those ladders. We have one of those ladders. We are just not willing to get up that high. <SEP> A friend of mine that lives out in your neighborhood he has done his house. And that is what he. I was out there last week. And he has finished everything except the chimney. We did too. We did it in the fall. And it's just too high. It is really scary. And the only thing I would consider a professional maybe doing that. But it. Other than doing our own work I prefer it to a professional. <SEP> Our house in New Mexico it was stucco. But we had all this trim to paint and lots of it. And we did basically seventy-five percent of the house. And then I was afraid to do the eaves way up high and stuff. <SEP> So I hired this man to come in and do it. A young kid. And he came with his own raf-. What do you call those things? The blowers? <SEP> Those where you built a rafter thing. I know what you are talking about. Scaffold. Scaffold. That's it. <SEP> He came and did it that way. And I think he charged me a hundred dollars to finish up. And literally I wouldn't have done it with the scaffolds because all the places that I had left for him were above huge humongous cactus. It's. <SEP> And if he fell he was dead. And he knew that. So. So that was worth it getting a professional for that. <SEP> Plus he cleaned up my mess. I think that is what we might have to do with this chimney. But other than that it was pretty easy doing it ourself and caulking it and everything ourself. <SEP> It wasn't too bad. You think. How much did it cost you for the paint for the outside? Maybe a hundred and fifty. <SEP> Since it is a one story. But we did two heavy coats over it. But then that way you are assured you did a good job than you are if you hire someone to do it. <SEP> But that friend of mine that painted his house out there in your neighborhood he went to buy his paint. <SEP> And yet he bought seventeen gallons. And anyway when he checked out. They only charged him for one gallon of paint. Thirteen bucks or something. <SEP>. <SEP> And he had already carried a ladder outside and told her that. And she wrung all that stuff up and made a mistake on the price of the paint. <SEP> So she had to start all over again. And when he got outside he noticed his receipt was thirteen ninety-nine or something. <SEP> And he saw. So that was really worth it. Painting his own house. It was over two hundred dollars worth of free stuff. <SEP> He really saved in that way. But. I think we are going to do another bathroom. But I think I will probably just do it in a roller. I want to do it about the same color. And just be a little. <SEP> Rollers are so messy. We never any more. I know. But it's the textured wall. A little paintbrush.
sw3551.txt:How big is Provo? That a little town or a bigger city? <SEP> It's not one of the bigger ones. It's probably I compare it to the size of Plano maybe a little smaller. Plano Texas. I talked to someone that was only a couple of thousand in her town I think. I forgot the name of the town. I thought maybe it was you. <SEP> We're supposed to talk about education. I certainly have some ideas since I'm studying it now in college. I'd say first of all they need to go back to spending more time on the basic reading writing arithmetic in grade school. Because they really teach you about forty percent less than they used to. And it shows up. That's one idea. Do you have any? <SEP> I don't know. I think I'm pretty satisfied with. I grew up in Plano. And my dad is actually on the school board there. So I kind of kept up with a lot of things that went on. It's. Plano improved greatly in the last twenty twenty-five years. <SEP> That's for sure. It used to be the pits. And Arlington is excellent now. But I'm just speaking overall across the country. <SEP> Something is definitely wrong. And one thing they don't spend as much time just teaching reading and writing. So a lot of kids are just being promoted from year to year. And they truly can't read. <SEP> So I don't know how they expect them to pass history when they can't read anything even read a word problem in math. So that's definitely a problem. Another problem is you're going to keep the smarter people in the system too long paying the wages they do. But. <SEP> So what do you think is good about the schools? That is good about. It depends on where you are. They're all so different. That's another thing about the United States. There's no national curriculum. What they'd be teaching in an Arlington school they may not be teaching in a Plano school. <SEP> And in the same school district even in an Arlington seventh grade for instance you may have an English class. You may have half literature for the whole year. Whereas in another one they're going to concentrate on grammar and give you a little literature. Grammar. It's up to the teacher in other words. So that's kind of odd to me. <SEP> It depends on what school you're in and who your teacher is actually. Or is how you end up. Overall Arlington is good one of the better ones in the state. So I guess we lucked out when we moved here. <SEP> So. That's the thing is just to look at the school system in the area that you move into before you. Of course we have a slight problem in that the number of the illiterate in America is mushrooming at this point. And where our kids might be in a great school we're still paying an awful lot of taxes for people who are on welfare and unemployment because they can't read. So. <SEP> But do you think that there should be nationwide curriculum? I don't know. I just read about that the other day. And I had never even thought of it. Actually it makes sense to a certain extent. Because sometimes a third grade teacher will get kids from second grade that didn't even learn what. They should to do the work that she is supposed to teach. According to her plan. So I guess if there was a national curriculum we'd at least have a certain amount that all kids would learn. <SEP> But. We actually rank forty-ninth in the world as far as just plain literacy goes. That's pretty low that there's forty-eight countries ahead of us that have more citizens percentage wise that can read and write. <SEP> So unless we want to keep paying for these people that can't make it in society we're going to have to do something. Who do you think it should be done through? I don't know. Obviously nobody's smart enough to have figured it out yet. So I probably can't. <SEP> But I do think that we have to cut out some of this folderol stuff and go back in the first five six grades and just keep going over and over and over until most of those that are capable can at least learn to read and write. Because they can't even get the menial job without being able to read something nowadays. <SEP> You can't even work an answering machine if you're at work and had to get a message or something or fill out an application to work at McDonalds if you can't read. So I think that's a start at least going back to the basics in the early grades. <SEP> And they say that the average English student nowadays does at least fifty percent less reading and writing than they did twenty years ago. And that's a big jump. I believe that. Did you go to school in Plano? <SEP> I did. Through high school. Kinder-.
sw3146.txt:. H-. <SEP> Do you do a lot of dining out? We don't although we enjoy it. We do it more when we have company come. What about you? <SEP> We do some dining out. I do a lot of cooking. So mostly when we go out it's my husband and I. We don't go out too often as a family unless it's a fast-food kind of thing. But we do enjoy dining out. One of our favorite places here in the Dallas area is Atlantic Cafe. I don't know if you have you ever been there? I've heard of that. But I haven't been there. Where about is that? <SEP> Actually there's the Atlantic Cafe and Cafe Pacific and. I've been to Cafe Pacific. Have you? That's down in Highland Park. <SEP> It's Highland Park Village. Did you like it? I love it. Before we moved to the area my brother lived in Dallas for a number of years. <SEP> And we came up one time when my father was visiting. And we all ate there. And their seafood was wonderful. <SEP> It's fabulous. It really is a great place. Where is the Atlantic Cafe? I believe it's on McKinney. <SEP> And originally the guy who owns the Cafe Pacific and the guy who owns the Atlantic Cafe were partners in the Atlantic Cafe. And then they separated. And the guy started Cafe Pacific. And I loved them both. I really do. I think they're wonderful. That's our favorite. What we'd really like if we just have a casual evening is Houston's. Have you been there? But I've heard that's really good too. And. It's wonderful. The only thing is you have to wait. You have to expect to wait at least an hour. <SEP> So you have to go knowing you're going to be sitting there for an hour waiting to get in. And as long as you know that it's okay. But they have just about the best prime rib anywhere in the area. <SEP> I love it. And my husband really likes their ribs. So it's hysterical. We go in. And we sit there for an hour waiting to get in. And then we get there. And we don't even look at the menu. You know right away what you want. <SEP> I know right away what we want. We really enjoy prime rib too. And actually the Steak And Ale out here we've gone to. My in-laws also enjoy prime rib when they've had some of their specials on Sunday Monday or Tuesday night. <SEP>. And the time we went the prime rib was really good. <SEP> Was it? I've been there for lunch. But I've never been there for dinner. And it was good. <SEP> That's great. That's great. Another nice place for prime rib is Baby Doe's. I've heard about that too. <SEP> Maxwell's nice. Have you been there? But. I guess we eat out even less than I realize. And I didn't think we ate out very often. Baby Doe's is nice. <SEP> And one place I'd never been that I would really like to go to is Lawry's. I've heard that's real good Lawry's Prime Rib? I had heard that too. <SEP> I've never been there. But I've heard it's real good. Have you been to the Cafe De France right here on Central Expressway? <SEP> Actually they have one in Richardson that I've been to. They have real nice lunches. Have you been there for lunch? Or. <SEP> Primarily lunch and breakfast sometimes. But during the week they often have a limited menu choice but very reasonable complete dinners for six ninety-nine that included the soup or salad entrees and accompaniments and dessert. <SEP> And the. My husband and I like veal a lot. And their veal dishes have been good. We've tried different ones when they've had them as one of the. <SEP> The specials. Have you ever been to Biffin's? Huh-. <SEP> I keep hearing about it. I keep hearing the advertisements of it. I. And they keep saying it's wonderful it's wonderful. I have not been over there. And I was thinking it's supposed to be a family place over near Plano Super Bowl. And. <SEP> And I've not been there. I haven't either. One place. And I've only been there for lunch. But I went with a friend. And we met her husband down on Greenville. Down near the Highway Twelve area is Gershwin's. I've been there. We just we-. <SEP> That was nice. It was. And we both enjoy mushroom soup. And Linda had told me they had the best mushroom soup. And they did. It was wonderful. And we just had soup and salad so we could make room for the dessert which was a chocolate sack. <SEP> I don't know if you tried. Or s-. <SEP> I've heard of it. Where it's made. It's like a. It's all chocolate made like a paper bag. And it's filled with whip cream and strawberries and something? It had a sponge cake and whip cream. <SEP> And it had strawberries kiwis and raspberries in a raspberry puree. <SEP> And we shared one the three of us. And it was plenty because it was very rich. But I wished I'd had a camera. <SEP> It was beautiful. I bet it was. I bet it was. <SEP> The last time we went to Cafe Pacific it was Father's Day. And we took another friend with us. And for dessert we thought we had just stuffed ourselves. And so they had a berry assortment. It was raspberries and blueberries and strawberries on a plate with a custard on the bottom. <SEP> And they did the raspberry puree just kind of in a decoration on the. You know how they do the plates real fancy with the decorations and then piled the berries and shaved chocolate on top of it. <SEP> And it was outstanding. It sounds wonderful. It was really relatively simple. But it was good. It was really good. That's one of the things that I do enjoy when you get a good restaurant. I love fresh berries. And their fruits are always exceptional. I don't know. They must have a special source for getting them because even at the Farmer's Market you can't find them like that. <SEP> You can't find them. And. <SEP> I'm originally from Connecticut. And I was home a few years ago. And my sister and brother-in-law were going to take us out for dinner. And I was really amazed. The restaurants up there were kind of quaint. They were real real pretty. But they lacked the service. And they lacked just the I don't know. The restaurants down here seem like they have. I guess there's so much competition that they really have to be good. And I thought I would really miss that. I would too. Because we don't go out very often. <SEP> When we do go out in a way it's like a little mini vacation I guess. And it's a whole experience. Of course you want the food to be good. But the atmosphere and service are important too. <SEP> And in order to survive in this area I think they have to be good. Because the ones that aren't so good just don't make it. That reminded me of a place for lunch that's a little off the beaten track. But it is wonderful. It's called Cafe Max. And it's at Plano Road and Campbell. They have the most wonderful salads. They do what they call a salad sampler which easily could feed two or three. <SEP>
sw3561.txt:. Short term I don't think anything's going to be done about it or probably should be done about it. <SEP> Are you saying you don't think anything should be done in the short term? The short term the recession is getting top attention. I think that you're absolutely right there. The other thing is is that we've got all these bank defaults going on and savings and loan defaults and. <SEP> And that effectively adds to whether it's officially on the books or not. And that's got to be paid. So this creates a pretty serious problem that's going to continue to be with us for a while to come. I'm not really sure that I even understand why the administration is proposing for instance tax reductions because it seems to me that if they're talking about reducing the tax that needs to be paid or the tax that's currently being paid then it seems to me it can't possibly help with the deficit picture. <SEP> It can only hurt the deficit picture. And the severity of the deficit picture already limits the options available or limits the degree of tax cutting you can do without bringing on serious problems for the longer term. <SEP> So that's the current predicament. It seems like it's a kind of a Catch Twenty-two. It's the. My understanding is what supposedly they're trying to do by reducing taxes is to kind of jump start the economy the idea being that if people have to pay less money in taxes they'll have more money to spend. And if they have more money to spend then that will be a spur to productivity particularly commercial productivity which in turn will generate revenue. But it seems like it's sort of an unending spiral. And it. I'm not sure that there's any real genuine truth to the idea that decreasing taxes particularly the kinds that are being recommended bye-bye the Bush administration and things like capital gains taxes and so forth is going to result in substantial amounts of money for consumers to spend. And. I'm not sure how I feel about paying on the long term quests that tax cuts are worth at this point. It's probably a judgment of how bad the recession is. It would seem to me that there are other things that the administration could do. <SEP> First of all you look to the Fed to fight the recession as indeed it has with interest rates. I think that's been a positive development. I think what that's done is it's help keep inflation from. <SEP> At the moment we're doing very well on inflation. That's the sort of upside to the deficit. It's a sort of a piece of luck. <SEP> That's the upside to the recession. I don't know. What kind of things do you think can be done in the long term? Can be done or will be done are two different things. At various places to look for cutting the budget first of all I consider more defense cuts than are already planned depending on the world situation. <SEP> But there are various other areas such as farm subsidies that ought to be slashed. A lot of entitlement programs like education aid I think they should put in. The Reagan administration took all such entitlements to the poor but left them for the middle class. In the longer term we'd do well to make reductions there. Also somewhat is to collect owed to the government from various loan programs that people have borrowed. I think that I agree with you certainly in the second situation. And I think certain entitlements I'm inclined to agree with you too. Education happens to be one place where I think that we would foolish to. <SEP> A lot of education aid has gone to so-called trade schools which are sort of not colleges. But schools that teach you trades beautician often exists only because of the federal programs that they can take people and tell them they can get loans for their full tuition and the school gets paid off immediately. I see what you're saying. <SEP> And then the people default on the loans. And then they don't provide very much education. <SEP> I would have to agree with you if there are circumstances like that around. And I can't confess to having any substantial knowledge of that sort of thing. But taking what you're saying at face value then I would have to agree with completely.
sw2279.txt:Personally I don't have any children. I'm twenty-two. And I'm doing my Master's at N C State. So children wouldn't be very convenient for me right now. <SEP> Would they. How do you spend the time with your children? Both of mine are boys. They're eight and eleven. <SEP> And did. And they're into sports. <SEP> As a matter of fact that's what we're doing tonight. What are you doing? Baseball has started. Does the eight year old play baseball? <SEP> We start here at five. And in his league do they have a pitcher. Or do they have a standing ball or a machine or what? Up until. It's coach pitch until you get nine which my little boy will be nine in May. <SEP> So he's going to be with regular pitching. And my eleven year old of course is pitching. I used to play soccer when I was that age up in New York. <SEP> So. But. We're into baseball. And it seems like soon as that over with we get into basketball. We even have peewee basketball here. <SEP> There's always something. And how about on the weekends. Do you do sports. Or do you go out? Both. If we're not doing sports we go somewhere. Do you go for long vacations like a week or something when they have school off? <SEP> In the summer or in the Easter time around now? Usually in the summer time. And where do you go? <SEP> Different places every year. We. Have you been out of the country? First they always say get to know your country first before you leave. I lived in places like. <SEP> When I lived in Washington D C I never went to the Washington Memorial. And then when I went back to visit I went to the Washington Memorial. I've heard we have a couple of friends that goes to Washington quite often. And that must be the thing. They really hadn't either. They went to the Memorial. When they go it's on business. <SEP> It's not really just getting to sight see. It's a beautiful city. I bet it is too. But the problem is first time I went out of here they took me to Las Vegas. <SEP> And that was the most boring place on earth. My husband and I we go different places. But when we go with our children we usually kind of stay close. Did you go to Disneyland? <SEP>. But now I don't know. But let's see. When I was eleven I went also to the Caribbean. That was fun. That was. And then after that I. My sister lives in Turkey. So when I was fourteen fifteen I went to Turkey. <SEP> And this Christmas I went to Turkey. But basically it's a. For the past couple of years I. Since my parents are. I'm from Argentina. And my parents live down there. So all the traveling I do is alone. And we were never much of. A very family thing made go skiing in Vermont or something. <SEP> That was a lot of fun. But what happens is we used to fight a lot. So there's never much of a family thing. One of those hell family vacations. <SEP> But I try. My husband also we're involved in everything our kids does. Because my dad died when I was less than a year old. <SEP> So I always just had a mother. So I always thought when I have kids I really want to be involved with them. My dad all he wanted to do was get money for us. So he could buy us material things. Material things. That is. And to me it's now I'm twenty-two. But I still feel. It's we never threw a football or something. <SEP> And the way I was brought up. And he wants me now. He wants to be best friends now. Best friends now. And it's very hard for me. Because it's like you grow up to be twenty years old. And it's always the same man. <SEP> And then suddenly he sees that he's getting old. And he wants to be best friends. But it's I can only express myself so much. Because everything that my family taught me which is very hard to change that all of a sudden from one year to the next and say I'm sorry. It's I love you. And let's go out and do things together when I don't feel like it. <SEP> And so that's that whole thing that he'll say when. I've seen my uncle and his family does everything together. And his kids are. When his little girl was five years old and everything they would go to the beach. And she could go to sleep at two in the morning. <SEP> And I was brought up the same way. It doesn't matter what age you have. Just so long as you can get up to go to class the next morning you can stay up. But what he does is when he gets home he separates his work from his house. <SEP> You have to. You honestly do. I have friends that I love to death. And they have children. But their children does anything. We have to take them to do it. <SEP> And that really gets kind of aggravating after a while. Because you're saying I work full time too. But it's just something that. My theory is when you have kids and all you want to do. What I'll do is. You might have problems. But it's not your kids' problems. And you got to try to be with them as much as you can. And to. Thing is that if they would ever happen to have a drug problem suppose that they could feel comfortable coming to me and saying I got a problem. <SEP> Problem. And that would make any parent feel good and bad at the same time. First of all you're coming to me. And let's see how we can get rid of the problem. And that's very hard to do. Because once you're best friends with your parents then I think everything go a lot better. <SEP> I agree with you very much so. We waited several years before we started having children because we was still in college. And we knew time wise and money wise too. It would not have been a good idea to had them then. My father was raising three kids before he had me. So it was. You're trying to support four kids. And it's pretty hard. <SEP> And I told him you could have had a lot of money if you would have only had two kids. He says yeah. But then I wouldn't have you. I go yeah. But then you would have a lot of money. <SEP> That's right. But you can't take this money with us though. That's how I keep looking at it. But four children is expensive especially for me which I'm paying out of state tuition. I'm paying three thousand. What is it two thousand six hundred dollars for one semester. <SEP> And people say it's expensive to think it's college. But if everybody would be a little bit responsible. It's. What does it cost. It costs five hundred dollars a semester. They go to a state college. And they live at home. And it costs two hundred dollars for books. But seven hundred dollars a semester. A lot of people can spare that if they planned ahead. <SEP> If you can. It's like if you plan a year ahead you can probably save up seven hundred dollars one thousand four hundred dollars to send your child to college. <SEP> What are you learning to be? Excuse me? What are you wanting to do after you get out of college? I'm doing computer engineering. <SEP> That's. My husband's into computers. And now I'm looking for a job before they have to send me back home. Because since I'm an international student they want to send me back to Argentina. <SEP> My dad wants me to go back. So. And you don't want to? <SEP> Because if you go back there then you can never get out. You don't have any money to get out. <SEP> And I was thinking I go back there. And I get married there. And now I have kids there. And then I'll never leave the place. Then you'll never leave. I know. And that's what happened to my brother. He came to school up here. And then when he went down there. He was just so bad off from not being able to stay up here that his life just went down the drain. <SEP>. So. <SEP> Maybe something will open up for you. I've been calling a lot of companies. There. Some of them are interested. At least for a year and a half I can work. So. <SEP> May-. I've enjoyed talking to you. Same here.
sw3148.txt:. Where do you live? In Plano. <SEP> In Plano? Where do you live? In Dallas. <SEP> The air pollution isn't too bad in our area. So we're very fortunate but I know in some areas it really is bad. I was trying to think. Something we were watching the other day. And they were doing an overview of Los Angeles from an area that was up higher. And you literally could see the band of smog. That. I've never been out there. But it was quite evident that it was a real brown area. <SEP> I haven't either. And. <SEP> I think it would be terrible to live in an area like that. And unfortunately I think there are a lot of areas that are that bad. Particularly in the areas where there are industries where they are burning a lot of coal and oil more up north I guess. <SEP> I think it's a bigger problem. With the car pollution anti-pollution devices. I think air isn't as bad it once was from the cars because we certainly have plenty of cars in our area. I know that's been the concern in Europe. They hadn't. We have friends in Germany and have family that live near the Black Forest area. And large areas of the forest are being hurt from the cars because when we switched to the unleaded gas and had the emission control devices required on the cars. That's something that Europe didn't do right away. And now they're doing that. And I guess it started in the last few years because they have found that in that particular part of the country that's the only pollution that's been there. It's not an area that is industry. But they were losing a lot of trees and a lot of. <SEP> From acid rain? I guess. From something that the car was giving. I think in the emissions it gives off gases which combine up in the atmosphere and form a weak acid. And. <SEP> It just makes the rain fall on the acid side. And after a period of time I think that accumulates in trees because they take it up through their roots as well as it landing on the leaves on surfaces. You've seen what it's done to buildings even where it's really bad. <SEP> What's interesting several years ago I took a course on. It was put on by the power companies and about the various sources of energy and how much pollution there was. And there wasn't from various kinds of energy. And at that point in time one person that was a speaker brought up the topic of acid rain. And it was kind of pooh-poohed. You're making a mountain out of a molehill kind of thing. And it's turned out that that's been very true what he was forecasting about the accumulation of the pollutants in the air and the acid rain and what it would do to foliage. So it's kind of interesting the change in perspective from when I took that course. A lot of people are really afraid of nuclear. I'm not afraid of nuclear having had that course because of how the nuclear that they use is not bomb quality. And we're so strict with all our controls in the United States. The chances of an accident are slight. And it doesn't pollute the air at all. It's safer to be around a nuclear plant then it is to be around a coal plant. Many more deaths have occurred in and dealing with coal plants then ever around nuclear plants. It's kind of funny because people are just petrified at the thought of nuclear. So I don't know. In Europe there's a lot of dependency on nuclear power. And they recycle the fuel. And then instead of. Some people are really afraid to recycle the fuel because they're afraid it could become bomb quality. But that's the only sensible thing to do is recycle and reuse the fuel and not store it down in the ground. As far as I'm concerned where it could eventually pollute the groundwater. So I don't know what the answer is. The best answer of course would be solar or fusion or something clean. <SEP> We've got a problem on the line don't we. I get that sometimes. My line gets some static. I don't know why. But solar of course would be the cleanest. I know it's. <SEP> We did have a solar water heater when we lived in Houston. And oddly enough I thought our part of the country was ideal. I can't hear you at all for all this static. I don't know what to. Usually it's the other phone I have trouble with. It must just be on the line. <SEP> Can you hear me? Now I can again. <SEP> I don't know what the problem is. But when we lived in Houston we had a solar water heater. And we had thought this part of the country would be ideal for solar homes and solar energy. And we have enough clouds that there are other areas that would be better suited. That surprised me because I think we have a tremendous amount of sunny days. <SEP> And it. It can be used. And it can help. But that was a problem that they were still working on. But. <SEP> It's still got a long way to go. I. It's just a possible solution in the future maybe to help in some ways. <SEP> It may not in all ways. Maybe they'll come up with fusion. Be able to control it. I don't know how long that'll take. But one of these days. Because that's perfectly clean. It's just we can't control it. Right now it takes more energy to cause fusion to occur then you get out. So it isn't not at all. And you can't control it unless you gotten a huge electromagnetic field. So that's not going to work. At least not now. But who knows what the future will hold. As far as energy goes. I think with solving some of the future energy problems we'll probably solve some of the pollution problems as well. I hope so. <SEP> I do to. I like to be optimistic. I don't like to be pessimistic about these things. I do think. You've already mentioned several things just the change in attitude and the fact that more people are aware there is a problem and more people are interested in. We have one earth to live on. <SEP> And we got to take care of it. And for the future generations too. <SEP> I've noticed students are much more young people are much more receptive to ideas about the environment and protecting the earth. And so if we can raise generations with those concerns we'll solve a lot of our problems. I'm afraid. I know I was part of the me generation where people didn't care. It's whatever. Recycle if it's a problem forget that. Not throw the trash out the car window. And leave it in the car and then throw it away? How horrible. <SEP> I've always done those kinds of things because I just didn't like messes. And.
sw3093.txt:This is the season for vacations. And I guess for places I like to go I enjoy going to the beach and being outdoors somewhere. Someplace that's very different than Texas. And I. Maybe as the summer heat comes along I would sort of like going somewhere where it's not so hot. And being able to be outside enjoy outside activities. So. <SEP> Enjoy going places where. I enjoy playing tennis. So I like to have a tennis court there. Or if it's at the beach the beach is great. A pool is great. And I. Where do you usually go? Let's see. We have plans this year to drive up to Colorado. <SEP> And we will be going to Estes Park and Colorado Springs. So. One year we went to the southwest corner of Colorado into Durango and north of the area there. <SEP> And I. That's a nice place to visit. It's really nice at. There's a nice nice train ride that goes up to the city of Silverton where they used to do a lot of silver mining. And then actually north of that is another town on a smaller scale than Silverton. And then there's lots and lots of mountains that are covered with boulders. <SEP> So I guess people Jeep through that area. And we did not have a chance to do that. But I sure would like to go back there and do that again. We have not had a vacation in several years. So be our first chance in awhile. We are going to go to Destin Florida which is a very nice beach area if you are not familiar with it. I have not been. But I have heard it's wonderful. <SEP> It's gorgeous. We used to go quite a bit before I moved out here. We were closer and used to go almost every summer and rent a condo there on the beach. There's a lot of development of condominiums there on the beach front. So they are very very large condos. And they have quite a few rooms so we will usually rent one for about a week or so. And. And the beach is nice. <SEP> Go down. The beach is really nice isn't it. <SEP> It's beautiful white sand and very clear blue green water and a lot of nice waves usually. Sea shells. <SEP> Enough to make it. I am sorry. Sea shells. There's not as many sea shells along there. That's the only thing that they really do not. They have some but not so much. <SEP> If you go further down you will usually find some but not right in there. I do not know why it is. But it just. It seems not to have as many right there. But we enjoy it. It's. We usually stay at the same place every year. And they are like I say right on the beach. So. Where do you stay? My husband always wants to go to Destin. We just have not gone that direction yet. It's a place called Jetty East J E T T Y E A S T. And it's called that because it's at the very end of a jetty there which is sort of at the end of this little little point. <SEP> And it's at the very end. It's the last set of condominiums there. And it's very nice. It's not very expensive. You can. I think we are going to go with another couple and their kids. And we have a three bedroom or two bedroom uh condominium which will sleep quite a few about six or eight. Cause it's got pull out couches and all that. And I think it's going to cost us per couple about three hundred dollars for the week. That's nice. <SEP> It really is. Because it has got its own full size kitchen and everything. And this one has two baths. And it's. The one we got is on the beach side. So. <SEP> We have got a beautiful view and balcony. And just. It's really a nice stay. In fact we stayed there on our honeymoon. I had won a trip to the Bahamas but did not get to take it on our honeymoon time. So we instead went there and loved it just as much as if we had gone to the Bahamas. In fact we stayed an extra day or so because we liked. The particular suite we had gotten was very nice. And so we decided to stay. <SEP> But it's a pretty nice place. You will need to try to go and stay there sometime. We have just. <SEP> It's a little far from here. But. Are you driving? <SEP> We are. We are. It will take a day and a half to get there probably. So. We are. The neighborhood that we live they are switching to an alternate calendar this year. So it. Starting at the end of July we will have two vacation weeks in October and two vacation weeks in March. <SEP> So that will be an interesting turn on vacations for our family. So I. What does that mean alternate? It's. What it truly is supposed to mean is nine weeks of school three weeks of vacation nine weeks of school three weeks of vacation. <SEP>. And in the summer would be more like a two month break. <SEP> And they hope to boost the learning of the children. Just the retention of the material for them. I see. So. <SEP> Kind of scattering the vacation throughout the year. So it's. Anyway so maybe within a year we will see how that falls. <SEP> We will head for Florida maybe in somewhat of an off season instead of summer. <SEP> That's probably all we need to do today. <SEP> Thanks a lot.
sw3427.txt:What kind of car are you thinking of buying next? More than likely it's going to be a Chrysler. You like the Chrysler products do you? <SEP> Chrysler LeBaron. It won't be a Ford. I've got a Ford Mustang now. And I hate it. Do you really? What year is it? <SEP> It's a eighty-eight. And why don't you like the Mustang? It's. I've had one problem with it after the other. I'll be darned. <SEP> The paint's peeling off of it. And there's no reason for it. Fix or repair daily or find them road dead. You know the old sayings about Fords what they stand for. There you go. <SEP> That. I. It's. My electrical system shorted out like two or three times. And it's been torn up since April. And luckily everything was under warranty. So it's only costing a hundred and forty dollars to get it fixed. It would have been two thousand. We've always had Oldsmobiles and been very happy with Oldsmobiles. But my wife thought she wanted to get a Ford Mustang. And then she kind of changed her mind and thinks her next car ought to be one of those Mitsubishi Eclipses. She likes those. <SEP> Those are nice cars. She has a sister that lives in Phoenix that has one and really enjoys it. What things do you consider when you buy a car? The gas mileage for one thing. And I've always had stick shift. The next car I get I want it to be automatic. I see. <SEP> I hate driving anyway. And changing gears at stop lights and stuff is really getting on my nerves now. Especially when you're in high traffic areas and have to mess with that all the time. <SEP> And when you work nine to five or eight to five and you're in rush hour traffic to and from work unfortunately. That makes it very frustrating. And I look. And one of the things with Chrysler right now is the warranties that they have. And I feel like their. Everybody I've talked to that owns one has been real pleased with it. And I like the driver's air bag. I like that. This is a LeBaron? <SEP> All Chrysler products has it in there. But LeBaron would be the next car I get. I sure like those rag top LeBarons. They really look sporty. I like that too. But I couldn't afford the insurance on one of those. We always. This last Oldsmobile we bought it's an eighty-seven. But we bought it in eighty-eight right at the end of the year when they were trying to get rid of them. <SEP> And we found a real good interest rate. When they're trying to get rid of those cars at the end of the year like that they really come down on their prices. And we looked around at used cars. And we really couldn't afford the payments on a used car. Because if you go to the bank and try to get a loan they want to charge twelve thirteen percent. And we ended up with a four and a half percent interest rate on a brand new car and the payments. That's what I'm paying on mine now. I had to get a first time. My dad's always cosigned on my loans or whatever. And this is one when I bought. I got my Mustang this time by myself because I got on my own or whatever. And I had said. They said it had to be a first time buyer's car or whatever. And they're charging me unreasonable interest. But I've got eight more payments. And it's paid for. That's great. <SEP> But I got it when the eighty-eights first came out. It's a good car I got in eighty-seven in November or something like that. And. When our kids were younger we really wanted a two door. Our first car was an Oldsmobile back in seventy-seven. It was a two door Cutlass Supreme. And it just happened that when we looked for our new car they had a thing going with Oldsmobile. And if you'd buy a new Oldsmobile they'd give you four hundred rebate because it was their seventy-fifth anniversary. I belie-. Seventy-fifth anniversary. So in addition to everything else we got off the car all we had to do is show them our papers on our first car. And they gave us another four hundred dollars off on it. So we got a four door this time. And I sort of went more for the comfort factor. And I liked the smaller cars. But I'm a bigger person. And I really like comfort driving along the road and stuff. <SEP> That's another big factor of mine. Next car I get's going to be a four door too. Something with some room. Because my Mustang is two door with bucket seats. And you buy groceries and stuff like that. And if you try to take anybody go to the show or go out for supper and you go as a foursome.
sw2290.txt:. Are you a freshwater or. Mostly freshwater. I. <SEP> Freshwater. I used to fish when I was real young down in Galveston with my parents. And I never really got into that too much because you have to get in the boat really to do anything. And I didn't know anybody who had a boat. So I don't fish too much in saltwater. Most of my fishing has been in the saltwater. Mostly deep sea fishing for grouper and bottom fish. <SEP> And I have caught one or two small sharks. <SEP> And. What'd you do with them? Put them back. You didn't get a big kick out of killing them like some people do? <SEP> I love shark steak. But the ones I caught were never large enough to really do anything. Do they have a limit on sharks. Is that a sport fish. Can you actually catch those. And there's no limit. Is there a limit? I have no idea. I know I. My home is in Pensacola Florida. <SEP> So they do a lot of shark fishing in the gulf. And there's a certain period of time during the year all along the gulf coast from Galveston to Mayport they have shark tournaments. And there. Either as part of or separate from the bill fishing tournaments they usually have so I have not done much lake fishing for bass and so forth but maybe some what they call brim and those sorts of things but nothing. <SEP>. <SEP> I think I've been trout fishing once. I've never fly fished. Have you fly fished? I haven't. I don't know that I could do that. That looks awful tiring. <SEP> I've tried it once. Did you. A friend of mine. Didn't like it? <SEP> I could never get the hang of it. It looks complicated to me. It's a rhythm or something. <SEP> I usually ended snagging my fishing partners or the trees along the bank. Catching tree bass. Almost got an owl once. Did you. <SEP> That would have been something. But. Do you fish mainly for trophies. Or do you eat what you fish. <SEP> When I was working in Florida I used to do a lot of surf fishing mostly for relaxation. <SEP> There are people who fish. And then there are people who catch. I'm a fisher. You just like to sit down and watch it. <SEP> That's right. I've never caught that much. But. And occasionally we'd go out on a full day trip three or four other people and do either again bottom fishing or for grouper. <SEP> Or I've caught a few worthwhile snappers red snappers and gray snappers and so forth. That's nice. <SEP> What about you a. Most of my fishing is done at area lakes around here freshwater lakes. And most of it. I haven't been really in a long time. Last time I went I actually was in Galveston trying to saltwater fish. And it just wasn't working with my freshwater tackle. That was real fun. <SEP> But I went fishing at Lake Worth. It's a fairly new lake in Texas. And we went fishing there last memorial day. And I caught my first bass that was actually big enough to keep. I was so excited. And that's really about it. Mostly just the lakes around here. And I fish to take home and cook. <SEP> I don't get too much joy out of just sitting and watching. I get a little bit of relaxation from it. But mainly I want to say I brought something home. I want to say I did this. I was out there for a reason. <SEP> The last time I went bass fishing. I was with my daughter a friend of hers and a friend of mine and his daughter. I was the only one who did not catch a single fish. <SEP> My daughter caught fish. His daughter caught fish. He caught fish. Everybody but you. <SEP> I did not even. I was out on a party boat a few years ago. And we were grouper fishing. Or actually we were snapper fishing. Everyone on the boat was catching snappers except guess who. It had to be you. I. Couldn't catch one to save your life. <SEP> That's right. I would go from one side of the boat to the other. And the party boat captain could not understand. Even he started baiting my hook and holding the fishing rod. <SEP> How funny. Just hoping maybe he could pull. And it was really really really bad. As I said I am a fisher. I'm not a catcher. <SEP> But I enjoy it though. I don't really get out as much as I would like too. And they do of course. Here in. We're forty five minutes to an hour away from the eastern shore here in Maryland. <SEP> And they do a lot of fishing there. Of course what I used to like to do though is go snorkeling for scallops in some of the bays or for oysters. That would be fun. <SEP> And that I was able to do when I could go in and go down and actually pick them off the bottom. Hand picked. <SEP> That right. The weirdest fishing experience I ever had. People to this day are still trying to figure out if I really caught what I think I caught. We were in Rockport which is close to Corpus. And we had been fishing in a canal. They had all these canals up through this one little retirement area. And we'd been fishing in the canals. And all we were catching were catfish. And we were pretty bored with that. So we thought maybe there are some crab in here. We'll try to catch some crab. So I got my chicken and all my little net and everything. And something. I had a rock to weight it down. Something grabs and just runs with it. And of course there's no hook. So it can't be a fish. <SEP> I'm sure it's not a fish. And crab they don't bite like that. They don't just run with your food. So I netted it. And it was the ugliest fish I've ever seen in my life. It had real teeth like human teeth. And it looked archaic. I had no idea what it was. I called my father long distance just to describe the thing. And it had the rock in its mouth not the chicken. But the rock itself is what it had grabbed. They say it's a dog fish from everything I've described. It was brown with these little white dots. <SEP> And it made a loud almost a croaking noise like a croaker does. It was the strangest thing. I'll never get over that. To this day I don't want to get in the water anywhere around salt water because I'm sure one of those fish are there. <SEP> We used to. I guess the weirdest thing I've ever caught is in some of the inlets and the rivers around Delaware. <SEP> They have a fish that's called an oyster cracker. I don't know if you've ever heard of it. I've never heard of that one. And it has a huge strong mouth. And they actually use their teeth to open oysters. That's where it gets its name obviously. <SEP> And this is the ugliest fish I have ever seen. And they come in all si-. I've caught them from three or four inches long up to. <SEP> I guess the largest one I ever caught was probably eight or ten inches long. But just huge ugly things just terrible. Can you eat them? <SEP>. I don't think I'd want to even if you could if they're that ugly. But. They just look as though you do not want to do anything with them. That's like this dog fish. It scared me to death. <SEP> It looked like it was something out of the dark ages that just never died. The first time I went surf fishing was in. And I threw my line out. And the first thing I caught was a sand shark which was probably a foot and a half or two feet long. <SEP> And scared me to death. I had never seen anything. And then I fished for another half hour or forty-five minutes caught a few white fish and so forth. And then I felt something relatively heavy. And I thought here I'm really going to get one. <SEP> And I.
sw2840.txt:Do you have any particular thoughts about the school system? I think that in. Recently with the. I'm not sure if it's more a problem with American families or a problem with the school system. They seem to be burdening the school system more and more with problems any problems that a child might have whether it's actually a school related thing or not. And I. <SEP> I agree with you a hundred percent there. And it's gotten to a point where the schools are expected to take care of everything. <SEP> If you've some kid who doesn't have who's from a broken family the schools are supposed to fill that void. It's gotten way beyond teaching classes and maybe providing extracurricular sports activities or something were kind of traditionally the school's roles. <SEP> It's interesting. Because we're just having conversation on this with a couple of people yesterday. And I was expressing my frustrations that so many problems are that kids don't have a degree of self-discipline which may be reflected in society at large. And you can't expect in a classroom for a particular course an hour a day to counteract sixteen or seventeen years of influence at home. And it's seen more so because when you call parents up many parents won't even recognize that there is a problem. And they'll say my kid. I've never heard anything about this before. This is the first time there have been problems. And you wonder don't these parents know that teachers talk. And we do check with other teachers. And other teachers find the same things in this child. <SEP> And how do you tell the parent wake up and smell the coffee. But it is a problem. And I'm not sure just how the school system could operate in a vacuum on it. <SEP> Whether maybe through a commitment of the P T A and the parents being informed better that in fact that the problems that are nationwide are problems of society and that the school can only do so much on it. <SEP> Then again when you have a society where a certain percentage of the parents are doing drugs in the home either unemployed and have their own problems how do you expect the. <SEP> You can't really expect that parent who's quite frankly a loser in life as it is to care about the situation with their child. That's right. <SEP> And. You know what scares me too is that we have yet to see the biggest effect of the crack children in the school system. These are children that are born with low attention deficit. <SEP> And what's going to happen when these kids start coming into the school system. That's really scary. But I think there are a couple of areas where the school system can improve. And this is something that I see. Too many times students get diagnosed as slow learners. And in fact they're not. They're behavior problems. <SEP> And so they get put in our school system in a class that's limited for skills children that really have to master skills. And that's not their problem. At the same time I've seen we have an international population. There's no bridge area for students coming out of the E S O L which is English for Speakers of Other Languages program. <SEP> The. Once they're past E S O L they get out. They got thrown right into the total mainstream. And there really needs to be a bridge some sort of transition for that. <SEP> So the school systems can improve both in standing up for splitting classes having slow children in slow classes but not mixing them with behavior problems. And then the case where they put the behavior problems in the average classes. You get these kids that are average students but highly motivated. <SEP> And then you throw in kids that are not motivated maybe bright but they're discipline problems. And you sometimes. The average classes really are problems because you've got such a mixed bag there. <SEP> The gifted and talented are fast classes. There's really not that much of a problem with. But it's. I've seen more incredibly intelligent underachievers than. <SEP> I would take a person who's motivated and a little less intelligent than the person who is one of these very intelligent people who just kind of isn't motivated to do anything. That's. I remember I had a college professor who once said that genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. <SEP> Not to toot my own horn here or anything but I was graduated from my high school. I was the valedictorian. And I know that there were a lot of kids that were an awful lot smarter than me. And they proved out late when it came time to take the S A T -s. Mine were good. <SEP> But they weren't great. And when I got into college I struggled just to get my degree in the field that I was in. <SEP> Whereas I knew people that in high school were kind of lazy and all. But they got motivated in college. And they did a lot better than I did. And when it. I guess kids do mature at different ages too. That's. And as a teacher you try to be understanding that there are different ages. Kids are. Is this a. Got a kid that just a question of maturity. Or is he a problem child. <SEP> But teachers are asked to diagnose so much. We're have to be. We're alerted. There's all sorts of systems where suicide predisposition. We're alerted to the moment we see something. If we see a child that's on drugs such as if he's got a beeper or if they're flashing lots of money around. There are certain things to do. So the school system's asked to do so much. But you can't operate in a vacuum. <SEP> You actually have students with beepers? We're in a rather wealthy suburb of Washington. And a student with a beeper immediately gets sent down to the principal. <SEP> Where. What are the. What could they possibly be thinking. How. It's for drug use. They can't imagine for anything else. It's amazing. But you get all sorts of things in the schools. And it's. And as a teacher you're alert for the kid who's very drowsy. You're alert to the kid who suddenly has a behavioral change. And you refer them to the nurse. <SEP> And you have to find out whether there's a legitimate reason or whether this is a warning signal. How can you expect to. And parents frequently resent when you ask them. Is there a problem that we should be aware of? <SEP> I was sitting in the barber shop. I'm an officer in the Air Force. And I was having my hair cut. And the barber got a call while I was there from his son's school. His son's in high school. And his son was failing gym and having trouble with a few other things. <SEP> But this guy was there's no problem with my kid. My kid's a great kid and all this. The kid had missed all these classes. And basically his answer was I gave him permission to miss. The denial mechanism is really strong. And so many parents are facilitators. <SEP> They're manipulated by their children. I've been fortunate. I have a son who's a sophomore in college up in Massachusetts at Amherst. <SEP> And my other son is a senior in high school. And he's going on to Williams. And they're really super. They're both national level swimmers. And we've been very fortunate. But they had to be held accountable too. <SEP> At some point a parent does help their kid in some ways. But you have to say at what point isn't the help becoming negative. And I think this is where the school system is suffering and not through any fault of the effort of the school system. <SEP> But it was good talking with you. It was good talking to you too. So there are people throughout the country that feel the same ways that you do and are connected with the schools. <SEP> I've had interesting conversations on several subjects not just this but the different things. <SEP> It's amazing how the people you talk to have some interesting conversations. And it's too bad that all this stuff is just being thrown into a data base and that none of the ideas or thoughts are being used at all. We are though. That's true. Listen. Good luck. Take care. <SEP>.
sw2932.txt:Carol since today's subject is our homes. Why don't you tell me about yours. I live in Plano in a four bedroom two bath house which is the area's dominantly three bedroom two bath. So I'm just a little bit different than typical. And of course the Plano area is basically with alleyways. So everything around here is set up that way. Which I think is a little bit different than most areas in the houses the way they're constructed. And it's a brick house with some wood. It's real nice. I like it. How about you? I certainly hope so. We have a classic ranch up in Denton. Ranch style home I would hate to think that anybody thought the lot we live on as a ranch. It's in a subdivision and one story. It started out life as a three bedroom house and now has no two car garage and has the two extra rooms enclosed. I suppose we still only have three effective bedrooms. But we gained a playroom for the kids and an office out of enclosing the garage. <SEP> Are most of the houses in your area three bedroom two bath? Almost a hundred percent. I can't think of any four bedroom houses in the subdivision. Ours is probably the closest to it. You know how realtors are. They'll say this could be five bedrooms. If you had two people that don't have any clothes it could be a five bedroom house. <SEP> To. Don't need a closet. The only thing about mine I think there's probably about when I go down the street I can just pick out houses that are identical to mine. And usually they are the four bedroom. But they're spaced out maybe three on a two block period. Because it's all different builders up here. So it's kind of hard at that point to classify some of the builders. But most of the builders all built three two. But the one thing my house is a little bit different. And I can pick it out again because it's not typical. I've got the what do you call a double ceiling double high in one half of the house. So the den and the living room are all double cathedral ceilings. Cathedral ceilings. <SEP> And the kitchen is norm. And the bedrooms are norm. So it just goes down the dining room the family room and the living room that way. And I love the space. It's. Luckily I came from a house in Colorado which had the cathedral ceiling. And I just lucked out and walked into this one. And of course I felt the same airy feeling which I liked it real well. So it's a nice thing to move into. But again it's not typical in this area. You can just spot them because the roof is so much higher. But. I hadn't thought about it in that sense of the high roofs. We have cathedral ceilings in two rooms. In the family room and in the master bedroom. And those are pleasant. It's like when my son goes up into the furnace area over the garage. <SEP> He can walk. And he's six foot. And he says come on up mom. I'm not going up there. I'm not going up there. But he says there's plenty of room up there for a room. So that means if I knock out the wall in my family room I could make another room overlooking my family room from upstairs with no problem. But I'm not that ambitious. I tol-. Maybe someday when I feel really ambitious and get angry I'll start poking holes up there but until that time. But I've noticed the houses around here it's one story and they're all basically two bath with three bedrooms. And we're. I guess probably a hundred percent of them all are mostly brick with some wood. <SEP> But it's basically all brick. The next subdivision over from me is total brick. And the one on the other side of me is about the same as mine. But the one on opposite the street they're total brick. And they're basically almost all three two. They're all three two. But of course they have a little river going down their area too which is kind of nice. If it's the kind of river I'm thinking of better than us. Are you talking about a real river creek? It's a creek. They've put little fountains in and such. That's nice. I came from Mississippi recently. And the rivers that we had there were the ones that came with the rains. And they didn't pay any attention to banks and that kind of stuff. <SEP> So you're just as likely to wake up and discover you're in two inches of water. Do you have a lot of yard around your house now in Denton? It's a third of an acre. I don't think that's a lot. In fact I have been real disappointed in the six years that I've lived out here about lot sizes. I'm more accustomed to a one acre lot being a standard and the two acre being what most people have. <SEP> When you get down closer in to the newer tract homes you find almost there's no lot line at all. They're built practically on top of each other. That's true. I know I was. And while there are some advantages to that there's less time spent outside making it look nice and taking care of things. I just feel hemmed in by that. It's not as comfortable a living for me. <SEP> This subdivision here has got. There's enough to put twelve feet between each house on each side. I've got more on one side than I've got on the other. But I'm like you. I came down from Colorado. And there was more land up there around a yard with a big full back yard which here I look out my back yard and I can see the gate. The fence is right there. Just don't run too fast. Or you'll hit it. And I'm not used to that either. I could see people putting swimming pools in the back yard all around me. But to me you put the swimming pool in your back yard. And you've lost your back yard. You've got a little place on one side or the other. But to me they're not that big enough for a pool. But they're going up. But it's great for mowing. From that aspect you're right. And it doesn't take nearly as long to get out there and weed it by hand and that kind of stuff. <SEP> But. I'm used to walking out the back yard. And you can play catch across the back yard. And you've got plenty of room to even play a small game of baseball but don't do it around here. The one. That's sort of what drove me to Denton when I first came out here in eighty-five. I started looking. And it seemed like the further I got away from Dallas center the more lot came with the house and the lower the price at the same time. And it just seemed like there was a ten thousand dollar drop for each city. <SEP> I hadn't thought about it that way. So moving up thirty-five I stopped when I got to Denton. It ju-. With our jobs mainly hitting downtown Dallas we couldn't go too much further. But we went that way. It was the schools and the cost of houses. So we kept going out until we figured we hit a point where we need the traffic time to get into work. And that's where we stopped. It was the same problem. But I think Plano's. You all both work downtown? <SEP> I got layed off by T I. This is a wonderful thing that you're doing here still helping them out. I ye-. But you were working downtown. <SEP> I was working at the Dallas site. My ex-husband was working downtown. But T I as far as I concerned they've been great as far as layoffs is concerned. So I have no problems. But as far as the housing personally I would like to move out of a four bedroom house and go with something smaller. But prices in Plano there isn't a section in Plano you can really move to without getting caught. And my price right now for what I pay.
sw2285.txt:. Like I was saying Burlington's crime it doesn't involve children. And what you see on the T V -s in Washington and New York. So what I believe the people want. The subject is big city crime which is something that I don't have any first hand experiences about. But I have concerns. And I have a few ideas of how to combat it. I don't think ideally you need money to do everything. So That's one thing. <SEP> That's crime that you can't fight it if you need that money. So. When we lived in San Antonio. I grew up around San Antonio. And it's always been a very large city and increasingly growing. It's has kind of the split population. There's a lot of retired military individuals that live there. And then there's a very large Hispanic population there. And the one thing that we noticed that over the years has gotten worse and worse is Hispanic gang crime in the city. <SEP> And that has been the worse thing that we've seen happening. Does it spread out of the neighborhoods into the retired people's community. Or does it stay in the bad neighborhoods? The majority of the actual gang crimes like the drive by shootings and stuff stays in the neighborhoods. But the crime spreads out into the more affluent divisions through robberies rape and car crime. There's a very high percentage of car theft. And San Antonio's not far from the border to Mexico. So a lot of the cars go to shops. And they take them apart. And a lot of them go over the border especially Mercedes. A lot of those in the Z cars the Datsun cars end up over the border. And. So that's a big concern if you live there is to really lock your car up. <SEP> Very much so. Very much so. In fact for a while there downtown if you were to come to a stop light they had a rash of when people were stopped at stop signs that people would get in their car and hold a knife and hold them up. So now ever since then when you drive into the city most people keep their doors locked while they're in the car until they get down there. And once you've reached the river walk area which is the tourist area it's usually pretty safe during the day if you're just kind of cautious and don't go down the back streets or alleys or alone. If you stay with the groups and along the area where they have the river patrol cops it's very nice. But at evening again they have the high tourist area the river walk area which is nice. But you don't want to get off the beaten track. There's a lot of parking garages there because parking is very tight. And so you don't want to get caught in the parking garage alone. It sounds like San Juan Puerto Rico. We were there just for a lay over. <SEP> And it wasn't a lay over. We were staying at the other end of the island. And we drove into San Juan to catch our plane. It was at night. And this boy really wanted to go on the beach. And they look at you crazy. <SEP> You don't go on the beach. It's a big tourist town. Don't people go for a walk on the beach at night? And they said no. It's very safe in the daytime. <SEP> But at night they even have the policemen come around at dusk and sound their sirens pretty much telling people be wary and get off the beach. It's just so sad. It is just really so sad. It is just really so sad because you can't enjoy anything any more. In San Antonio I don't know what the answer is. Education is a lot of it. So many of the kids are drop outs. There's a lot of drugs that go on and that they just have hopeless lives. They lead themselves down hopeless tunnels. I think education helps a little bit there. Then again I don't know really what steps there are that they. What they say they try to do is to get the kids early and young. <SEP> And what we have here in Burlington they have a kids council that they have all these after school activities for kids. <SEP> They set up kids with elderly people in the winter time they shovel their snow. They have a big brother big sister program. They have bottle drives. They have cleanup outings. And they have also organized fun activities like gyms going to the beach and playing volleyball at the beach in the summer. And they have gyms open. And it seems that the younger you can get them and get them involved with programs after school you might keep them. <SEP> But again you need that one on one like a big brother trying to tell him stay in school. It'll get better. So that your mom doesn't have a job. <SEP> And she doesn't work. You don't know. You can be better than that. You don't have to live for a street life. But. <SEP> That's good that sounds like they've got a lot going on there. But it's so cheap they don't have a problem here. They can deal with that scale. They might have five hundred troubled youths. <SEP> When you have five thousand troubled youths plus when you're getting into th- the kids now it's twelve years old. And they're selling drugs. And they've got a fifteen year old that's their boss that is carrying a gun. <SEP>. It's the morals of the people which I guess everybody's responsible for the society. But if I had a child that did things so bad. It's not they don't care about anybody. <SEP> These people they're stealing from they're just the big bad rich guy. And we don't have it. So we deserve it. And we should take it. <SEP> I don't know how you combat that. I don't know where you start with a lot of these kids. So many of them all they see is just the gangs. And unless you can take them out of the environment enough to where they don't have the peer pressure from the gangs as soon as they come home from school. I think a lot of it is the parents are totally irresponsible too. We're talking these kids are fourteen years old. <SEP> The parents might be thirty years old. And I'm thirty years old. And I'm kind of irresponsible. But I have the morals that keep me from. If I was going to go out and drink or do something I wouldn't do it in front of my child. These people they bring their Johns home. And they bring their drugs home. And the kids are just sitting there in the same room. <SEP> It's just that they have absolutely no morals. And it's really sad. <SEP> And I don't know how you combat that. I rea-. I don't know what the answer is to that problem. But I like your idea of education. If the parents aren't supplying it they've got to get it from someone else from the schools. <SEP> <SEP> And what do those kids do. They get it at school and come home. What do they do then. I feel for them. I don't know how to make it better for them. Or because it they can't remove themselves. They can't just leave and say it's not acceptable. I'm leaving the big city Mom. And I'm going off. When they're ten they have to live in it. And. It's really sad. If they did have a big brother big sister program. Those people trying to help the kids. The parents might have hostilities towards them Like you're judging us. <SEP> I think so. And. And I'm not good enough to raise my child which basically is true. It's. I'm glad I don't live in a big city not just because I wouldn't feel safe. <SEP> It's just because that I would be reminded every day of something that I don't see. And I might see it on a SIXTY MINUTES special. <SEP> In San Antonio it was every day. It was just a matter of who was shot that night. I know it. But San Antonio is considered a nice clean city believe it or not. They have all kinds of nice write ups about it. <SEP> But there's a lot of them. But any big city has a bad section. It's very prevalent. A lot of the crime is very prevalent. They're very bold it seems. <SEP> Very much. When we moved here to Monterrey it was a big change because it's such a small community. We're just above Carmel. And there's hardly. Most everybody seems pretty well employed around here. And those that aren't. There's Celinas which is about a fifteen minute drive which is mostly migrant workers. And there's a lot of crime there migrant Hispanic farm workers people that are down and out. And they all seem to congregate in Celinas not so much here in Monterrey. So it's pretty quiet. We walk the streets at night. And people run in the park. And you're just. Have your normal smarts about you then you really don't have to worry. Or. Even in the worst crime areas in Burlington. I can walk the streets. I wouldn't. If I did it every night I think there would be trouble in our house. So you wouldn't get confronted or anything. <SEP> But I don't think you would. Someone might grab you mess around with you. But they're not going to grab you steal your money and slit your throat which in a lot of big cities. <SEP> That's what you're going to have to expect that to happen. People are just totally unfeeling. I didn't know that about Burlington. I'll have to keep that in mind.
sw3237.txt:So you said that you live in Coppell. So what is your house like? <SEP> It's a two bedroom two baths duplex. That's neat. Brick and. <SEP> Is it one you're renting or buying? We own it. Our side. That's kind of neat that even though it's a duplex you can still buy. <SEP> That's good. Do you have any children? <SEP> Do you? I have two children. And our home is really too small for us right now. Ours is too. <SEP> We outgrew it when we moved in. We moved from an apartment that was really small. <SEP> And at the time we just had a little baby that was five months old. So we moved into this house in Garland. It's in one of the older areas of town. <SEP> And one thing I really like is it has big trees everywhere. Lots of shade and squirrels and birds and real pretty. <SEP> But the house is real small. It has less than a thousand square feet. <SEP> It's real little. You all are cramped. And now I have a daughter. Now. The one that was five months old is seven years old. <SEP> And I have another one that's three and a half and have all these clothes and toys and stuff that we're just trying to find places to put. <SEP> How many bedrooms is it? They advertised it as a three bedroom house because it has a built on addition room. <SEP> But the room that's built on doesn't have a closet. <SEP> So the people that lived here before us did use it for a bedroom. But we have always just put our computer and extra toys and books and. <SEP> It's kind of a catch all room. But it sure is nice to have it when the kids come over to play. <SEP> They all go out there to play with the Barbies and that kind of stuff. So. <SEP> How fun. That works out good. And I'm thankful I have two girls because they're in bunk beds. And so they can share a room and make for more space that way. <SEP>. <SEP> And how old's the youngest? She's three and a half. And right now we have their clothes on double racks in the closet. <SEP> We made a higher and a lower. And it works out fine. But they're just about to get too tall where the dresses are beginning to drag. <SEP> And we're going to have to figure out a new idea. But we're kind of looking around and wanting to move into a bigger home hoping to be able to do that within a year or so. <SEP>. So that would be nice. <SEP> That's what we'd like to do. Is Coppell a nice area to live? It's a wonderful place to live. And they. I don't have any kids. So I don't really know. But they say that we have wonderful schools. I think I've heard a lot about Coppell schools that they're real good. <SEP> That's neat. Do you hope to have children. Or are you not planning on having any. Or. <SEP> I don't think so. I see. Do you have any pets? <SEP> Of course those are my kids. I have two dogs. <SEP> Do they stay inside. Or. They're inside dogs. That's neat. <SEP> They're my babies. What are the colors in your house? <SEP> Kind of a mauve and gray. I bet that's pretty. And then the kitchen's kind of a country pink and country blue. And it's all done in cows. <SEP> I'm a cow nut. That's neat. I like cows too. <SEP> Our house was redo-. Our house is very old also. It's thirty-seven years old. <SEP> And it was redone before we moved in which. I'm thankful for that. But the. It was redone at the time when earth tones were in. Everything is. <SEP> The carpet's kind of a tan and brown and has paneling in the living room and lots of tans and lots of browns. <SEP> But the good thing is you can bring out other colors from that. So that's worked out good. In the kitchen they put real pretty blue and tan wallpaper had done it up with blues. <SEP> So that's nice. But. Sounds pretty. We've enjoyed living here. <SEP> It's close to my oldest daughter's school. And that makes it really handy too. <SEP> And she really likes her school. So. And we are so close to shopping. And. <SEP> That's an important factor there. How about in Coppell? I've always imagined it kind of out away from everything. Now we have that new mall in Lewisville. <SEP> And that's just a mile or two from our house. That's nice. But when we first moved to Coppell six years ago we didn't even have a grocery store. <SEP> And now we have four. And Coppell's not really big enough to support four grocery stores. <SEP> But it does sound like it's definitely growing. Very much. <SEP> In fact it's about the size now. I moved down here from Chicago twenty-three years ago to Lewisville. <SEP> And Coppell's now about the size that Lewisville was when I moved down here. I see. When we first moved here we moved here from Lubbock. <SEP> And we almost moved to Lewisville. That was our second choice behind Garland. At the time we thought we might buy a mobile home.
sw3883.txt:. How do you just figure. It depends upon our weather here. Today was a beautiful day. It was like summer day. It was seventy degrees. So I dressed in a light weight skirt. <SEP> It's a ultra suede skirt and a blouse with a sweater cardigan over it. Because I had some appointments at the office today some interviews. And so I had to dress up anyway. And then I wore heels. <SEP> But when it rains a lot which is has been doing here a lot lately very often wear pants and boots. How do you dress? I'm going to talk about when I was working as a teacher and when I was working at now. <SEP> When I was a teacher in Utah I would generally wear dresses and heels and things like that. And even when it rained and snowed I just braved it. And I wore heels anyway. <SEP> And. I can see. I've been a teacher so has my daughter. And I know that we very often wore heels despite the fact that it was tiring. I know. <SEP> It might kill you to go up and walk up to the door. That's right. But you're going to look nice for the kids. <SEP> That's right. And it always makes you feel like you're a bigger person than the kids? I need all the height I can get. I do too. So to be taller than some of the boys in the older grades I had to wear heels. <SEP> We too. If it looked really dangerous then I would wear boots. But then I would change into heels as soon as I got to my desk. So. <SEP> Of course we wear an unlined boots. It has a heel on it. They're the kind of boots that I wear to work. And we wear them. They're a leather boot that you wear. And as I said they have a regular heel on them high heel. And we wear them a lot with shirts and things. It's kind of a. I can't say constant down here in Texas that you wear these boots. They're not a cowboy boot. But they're just a real pretty boot. But they keep your feet nice and toasty from the rain. <SEP> As I have a private high school that I run here when I'm interviewing a parent of course I feel like I need to wear heels and look like I'm a business person. Because the children will tease about where's your motorcycle if you wear boots too often. <SEP> <SEP> Of course you probably wear coats a lot. The first two years I was in a room where they didn't heat it. So I did. So then you had to. And then the third year we got heating. So it was nice. <SEP> Then things improved. But of course here we wear a light weight jacket a lot. That's nice. <SEP> And that's very seldom. It depends upon our winter. We have a few days you might wear a winter coat. But most of the time you can wear a sweater. And we just don't wear coats much. We often laugh about even when it turns chilly. We're wearing something lightweight or no jacket because we're so used to running around like that. It's really different. Let's put it that way. Are you not teaching anymore? We moved to Iowa. And I'm working at a day care right now. <SEP> I see. And so the way I dress is really different because I'm working in the nursery room with kids from six months to twenty months. So you don't wear heels anymore I'll bet. I wear tennis shoes and jeans and things that are sort of. <SEP> More practical. Not. It doesn't matter if I have to wash it a hundred times or something. <SEP> When you were teaching did you ever have a blue jean day or anything like that? But I never wore jeans because I thought that was too casual. For. <SEP> I know that some of the schools they have country western day or something like that one or tacky day. And I always thought it got out of hand when the teachers looked real tacky too. It's all right for the students. They look tacky a lot. But I didn't think teachers should. That's how I feel too. <SEP> Do you like Iowa? There's some good things about it. But I've seen. A lot of things I'm not used to yet. Where did you live before? We lived in Utah before. And I grew up in California. <SEP> That's quite a change from California to Utah.
sw3200.txt:. I'll let you start. Do you all keep a budget. And how do you hold to yours? I never keep a budget. My budget or philosophy is spend as little as possible. That's good. <SEP> And it's sort of always worked. Especially for these times. <SEP> But that depends on the individual if they can have self-control. That's a lot of it. I know we tried several different ways. One time we tried something that really worked. But we didn't keep it up. I passed it on to a friend. And she won't quit doing it. She loves it. And that was the envelope system. Where you go ahead and decide about how much based on what you did last month that you are going to spend. And you put the cash in envelopes marked for that. So you have one for entertainment and one for groceries et cetera. And then for some reason taking it out of that envelope and seeing it in cash instead of in check form causes you to realize how much is left. And she even writes down on the envelope as she subtracts and kind of debits on each envelope what she's buying. <SEP> And then at the end of the pay period if she has any left that much is for fun or entertainment. And they kind of work it that way. We tried for a while. And a seems like the problem that they were having of all the things that worked was not planning enough for the incidentals that we couldn't think about. <SEP> And those are the ones that will kill you. The accidental fee or the car repair or the things that weren't supposed to be every month. I couldn't probably be bothered doing that every month. <SEP> And ever since. That's what I mean. It was a hassle. We've been married almost thirty years now. But my husband got paid once a month. <SEP> So you learn to get. That's kind of hard. <SEP> You learn to get through to the end of the month. And. But do you sort of self budget even. You wouldn't on payday think I can go do this and that and this and that. You kind of think this is got to str-. You kind of divide it in fourths in a way don't you? <SEP> Because if you charge things you pay all your bills at the beginning of the month when you get paid. Or you get paid the last day or next to the last day. <SEP> You pay all your bills. And there isn't anything left to spend anyway. That's true. What we're in the process of doing right now is paying off our credit cards entirely. <SEP> And we're going to go ahead and try to just live on what we earn instead of guessing ahead of what we probably will have next month. We tried to. <SEP> Or we are paying them off now. We're not there yet. There was a time when maybe we didn't take all of them off. <SEP> But you just sort of had to watch what you put in because you hate to pay those finance charges when you see how much it is. That's right. <SEP> That's right. And for most of. I'm a substitute teacher. And I've only substituted for the last fifteen years. <SEP> So there's only been really one working. Same here. And it works for me. But I can't see that it would work for probably the majority of people. I could say it's kind of. That's good. You probably have a little extra than you have to have to. You know what I'm saying? <SEP> And so that's the difference there where sometimes I know if we've had an especially bad month and we're just almost getting down to payday then I think if we could really budget. We tried one tim-. I know when we were planning to buy the new car and we hadn't had a car payment in five years we had to go ahead and write down each month what it was that every penny went for to see how much was going to be left. <SEP> And that was a real eye opener. It is when you do it that way. <SEP> But to have lived by that every week would have been tough for me because sometimes I'll spend less on groceries but we'll go out. So it's kind of hard to say this is how much you're going to spend going out for fun. This is how much you're going to spend. It's kind of hard. We eat out a good deal at this point. Do you? <SEP> I started subbing just to go on a vacation and saved all that money because I knew that you couldn't spending five thousand dollars on a vacation or whatever. <SEP> We were going to go for ten weeks in nineteen eighty. <SEP> So I started working in nineteen eighty-seven and just saved for three years. How nice. <SEP> But the. What minuscule amount I made. But that way you just didn't put it on your credit card. W-. That's. <SEP> And it was paid for. And it made a big. And you enjoyed it better probably. <SEP> And so I think that that's difficult for most people. But then my father was very Scotch. I think so too. And you never could afford anything although we could afford everything if he wanted to. So if you're out in a department store and there's a sale you're just real careful not to let your urges get hold of you? <SEP> That's excellent. That's what I'm working toward. I think you're probably much ahead of me there. And I'm working on it. And I never worried about saving money because we're in the savings plan at work. And they took it out. So. Same here. Same here. <SEP> I. And I think though that we need to have some liquid around that you don't have to go through the company to get. You know? <SEP> We never had too much of that. But then we never had any really emergencies that. That came up. <SEP> And we didn't buy really new or expensive cars. I think the most we ever spent for a new car was six thousand dollars. And they were mainly used cars. That's the best thing to do. My husband said the other day it was the worst mistake we ever did to buy a new car because it wasn't worth it from the day after. <SEP> So. So. We've been rather frugal. In that respect. Rather frugal. That's going to payoff on retirement. <SEP>. It. I guess we've completed. Do you think we've been here to in-. <SEP> Each time they used to call in and tell me their space is limited and to please.
sw3830.txt:. How you doing? <SEP> Fine. I'm Lee with. I'm over here in Plano Texas. Let me ask you something can I run a minute and shut my radio off? <SEP>. Where are you calling from. Or where are you at? <SEP> Arlington. Arlington Texas. Arlington. <SEP> There's a lot of stuff going on in Arlington these days. Not all good stuff. Are you involved in any of that? <SEP>. I'm not personally. What benefits do. Do you work? <SEP> I'm going to school right now. You are? I can tell you about my last job or whatever you want to talk about that or my husband's or what I think. <SEP> I've got a lot of. Because I work for myself. <SEP> And so there's a lot that I guess I do miss a lot of benefits from working for a big corporation. I miss insurance and the steady paychecks that come. <SEP>. But. <SEP> I've been in my own business Mary Kay in fact. I'm selling in out now to go to school full time. And I enjoyed the freedom of having that. Is that right? Go to work when I wanted to or not. <SEP> But the benefits weren't there. I own part of a roofing company. <SEP> Do you? In the Dallas Fort Worth area. And unfortunately we were part of a bigger company. <SEP> And we had all the benefits there. And I do miss that. But on the other hand I enjoy having the time that I have with my family and being able to work when I want. <SEP>. And. <SEP> I think today the thing that I would appreciate the most. Because my husband gets his medical through his company. But we have to pay for mine. <SEP> And I'm the only one that's being insured. And we pay the same amount that someone over there that has four children has. Is that right? So it's kind of. <SEP> And I would. I really. And the way medical expenses are I think that's probably one of the biggest benefits you need to have. It's. <SEP> It. I'll tell you what. That is the single most benefit that I enjoyed and I do miss. <SEP> Because I looked into picking up some medical insurance just for my family just. And it is unbelievable how much you have to pay for it. It's out of sight. <SEP> It's out of sight. And. Even at a group rate I couldn't believe how much is our. <SEP> Even at a group rate. It's unbelievable. And the amount that you have to pay for kids. And if you want to add dental to it that eats even more. It goes up. <SEP> I guess the other benefits that I miss is some of the bonuses and stuff that goes on with just being involved with a big company. And course these days you can't count on that because. <SEP> I feel bad for the people that are involved in that G M deal there in Arlington. And I'm sure it will be quite a few people are affected by that. <SEP> It's going to hurt the city. Although I will personally tell you I used to work at a bank. And I would see the G M people come in when they would shut down to retool. They were paid that whole time. And I don't know if you're aware of this r-. <SEP> They come in there. Just they go off fishing and stuff and come in every Friday and go to the safety deposit box. And I'm sitting there making a hundred dollars a week. And they had all these gr-. Is that right? I really believe they have done this to themselves in a way because of the unions being so stocked. The union. <SEP> And right now anybody's that's laid off from G M will have a full year's paycheck. I just read this in the paper the other day. Is that right? Plus probably an additional six months through the worker's stuff that they have through the company. So I'm sorry it's happening because it's going to hurt. <SEP> But I don't feel as sorry for them. If my husband were laid off tomorrow we'd get one more check. Really the. <SEP> And that would be it. Really the ones it's going to hurt is actually the businesses around in that area. <SEP> That's already hurting. That's the ones that that's going to hurt because they depend on that. <SEP> But I think there's a case where benefits have gotten. They voted them in. And they got so good like two dollars for a prescription no deductible on the medical all these things. <SEP> And it made the prices of cars go up. And the. <SEP> I believe in unions. But they went too far. I'll tell you I've had my fill of unions. I can't make eighteen dollars an hour. I. <SEP> I know someone out here that makes eighteen dollars an hour.
sw2131.txt:What are your music interests? Just about any kind of music except acid rock. <SEP> I don't care for acid rock. Me too. <SEP> But I grew up with country and western. I did too. But. Just about any kind of music. And then. <SEP> I even like classical music. I'm pretty diversified too. I don't like acid rock either. I grew up in a small town. So we only had one radio station. So it was country music. But then when I. <SEP> I grew up with Hank Snow and Lefty Frizzell and Hank Williams and all of those old country and western songs. You're older than I am. But I. Did you happen to see last night the special on Channel Two with James Galway? We don't get Channel Two. Our cable doesn't. <SEP> I wish we got that what. But. That is fabulous. Was it? We don't get Channel Two. <SEP> We. When he played DANNY BOY it just almost brought tears to your eyes because he can make that flute sing. <SEP> And it was tremendous. He is a. Actually I did. I played flute for almost ten years. <SEP> So I appreciate his too his mus-. He's from Ireland isn't he? <SEP> And it was mostly all Irish tunes. Was i-. They had a band with him that had a harpist and another flute and then a guy that played the bagpipes plus the tin whistle and a couple of violins and uh drum. <SEP> And they played all the Irish jigs and so forth. It was just fabulous. He is really good. I come from a musical background. <SEP> So I've played flute and piano. So I have a big appreciation for music up to a point. <SEP> I'm getting now to the age where I don't like much of the new stuff that's coming out. <SEP> My husband says I'm getting old. I especially like instrumentals. Do you? <SEP> I love to just lay back on the couch and turn a good instrumental on and just close my eyes and listen. That's nice to do that is. I've got a two year old who's now getting. I'm getting well versed in kiddy music. I've never played an instrument in my life. I've always wanted too. <SEP> I've always wished my parents had forced me to learn the piano or something. But. But I'd just love to be able to go to a party or something and sit down at the piano and bang out music. I was one of the forced ones. <SEP> I could never do that. And. I was never that brave. But. <SEP> I guess the closest I've ever come to participating in music is singing in the choir. I've done that at church too. I haven't done that in a long time. <SEP> So let's see. What els-. What kind of music do you not like? Like I say the acid rock. I just do not ca-. An I don't care for rap music either. That's not music. <SEP> That is not. I don't know what that is. But that's not music. If I can't understand the words I don't want to listen to it. It's not music. It's just talking in a beat. It's not exciting at all. <SEP> It doesn't give you relaxation. You can't dance to it. You can't do anything to it. <SEP> But I and I like orchestra music too. Like the Boston Pops or anything. D-. <SEP> Have you ever been to the Dallas Symphony? <SEP> Have you? Are they good? <SEP> They're good. Are they? I have never been. And we went and saw LES MISERABLES. <SEP> The music in that was fantastic. I've heard that that is a really. <SEP> I heard that was hard to get tickets to. It. I can't remember how far in advance we reserved tickets. <SEP> But it was out at the State Fair Music Hall. And it was well worth the price. That was a real. Was it? <SEP> I bet it was. I really bet it was. Is that the only musical. Do you go see a lot of musicals? <SEP> Just ever so often a real good one like that one. And. That would be nice. <SEP> I went and saw SUGAR BABIES. That was good. That had good music in it. Was it? How. I don't know what that's about. That was the one with Mickey Rooney. And what's that not real old dancer. <SEP> I can't think of her name. I got it right on the tip of my tongue and can't say it Helen something. I think I know who you're ta- I know who you're talking about. Real long legs and dark hair. She's got black hair. <SEP> I know who you're talking about. I can't think ever her name either. I can't think of it. That was. I remember that being here a few years ago. <SEP> But. The last country music. My parents still really like country music. <SEP> And they like the Oak Ridge Boys and the Statler Brothers. And my parents. <SEP> The Blackwoods. My husband likes country music real well. And he likes some of the new groups like Shenandoah. And. He really likes Shenandoah. <SEP> Alabama. Alabama. I think they're a bit over exposed. <SEP> I get tired of every other song being Alabama on the radio. <SEP> Either Alabama or Hank Williams Junior. I've never cared for Hank Williams Junior. <SEP> I never have either. And I never have figured out how he won entertainer of the year for about three or four years in a row. <SEP> We watch those award shows too. We enjoy watching the country and the Grammies and stuff. But I just don't care for him. I just never have. I don't. <SEP> I guess probably my favorite all time country and western song or singer is probably Eddy Arnold. Is it? I think I know who that is. I think my parents have some of his records. <SEP> But I had some I sold some of them I had about a hundred and fifty old seventy-eight R P M records of country and western songs. <SEP> Smiley Burnette I don't know if you were old enough to remember him. I've heard the name. He played in the old western movies. He was the sidekick of Gene Autry I believe. <SEP> Or they. I think his name in the movie was Froggy. And. I've never seen a Gene Autry movie. Had a real raspy voice. <SEP> And. Some of those old ones of course Bob Wills Miss Texas Playboys Ernest Tubbs and Red Foley an. I never have. <SEP> Those go back quite a way. I took them up here to Collectors Records and was able to get a little money for them. <SEP> But my mother and dad use to own a restaurant. It's hard to. <SEP> And they had a nickelodeon of course in the restaurant. And when they would come and change the records the guy would give her the old records. That wou-. That's neat. <SEP> So that's where I got my. That would be great if they weren't too worn out at the time. <SEP> Of course there's not a whole lot of market for seventy-eight R P M records. Is there not? You'd think there would be. The problem is most of the record players now will not play them because you have to have that particular kind of needle. That's true. <SEP> And they just won't play on a modern day phonograph. <SEP> That's a shame. Because we go to antique stores a lot. And you see seventy-eights a lot at record stores. <SEP> You'd think there'd be a market for. I'm sure you could find old players for them. But that would cost a fortune if you could find them that worked. <SEP>. <SEP> Of course they just don't have the quality of records nowadays either because you get that scratchy sound. Those things were big and thick weren't they? <SEP> You could kill somebody with them. Th-. Warped real easy. And the ones you buy. Go out and buy one now. And they're just so thin and flimsy. <SEP> And they're not meant to last at all. Neither are tapes. We buy cassette tapes. <SEP> And machines will eat them. And so the best bet these days are compact disk. Those things are practically indestructible. <SEP> But I guess the old country and western music you. Back then when I was a kid there wasn't that much T V. So that's all you had to listen to was the radio. Radio. <SEP> And. That's just what you had. We-. Plus. I think it was better back then to. There's too much T V now. <SEP> And the radio is more exciting really than television. Kep-. Your imagination. <SEP> I- kept. And yo-. It just didn't vegetate your mind like television does. I remember mother and dad always turned on the Grand Ole Opera. <SEP> Was it on the radio every week? What day was that on. Can you recall. <SEP> Seems like it was on a Friday. Friday or.
sw3525.txt:They tell you what our topic was? I think golf isn't it? <SEP> How much of a golfer are you? Are you a hacker? You bet. <SEP> I'm fifty years old. I've been a hacker. I think I played better golf when I was fifteen John than I play right now. I know I did. <SEP> I know I did. And. Course I know I watch my thirteen year old play now. And it's like they don't have a muscle in their body. I know. It's just unreal. I'm a guy that plays. If I play a lot of golf I play six to eight times a year. And that's about it. I figure that's my retirement game. I really. I come from a family of golfers. <SEP> I was raised by a man my stepfather who with a two handicap he could get down on his knees and hit the ball further than most people could hit it. My mother who is now seventy-one I can remember her being a sixteen or a fourteen handicap. <SEP> But all they did every day in their life was to play golf every. They'd leave work and go to a golf course or a little country club they belonged to back in Richmond Virginia and just play nine holes of golf. That was their deal. They. <SEP> That's what it takes. You need to play that often to get a really good handicap. But I just never could do it. I have a brother-in-law who is an ex-college coach and like a pro. And he has a very good handicap and plays good golf. Sort of like the non golfer golfer of the family. <SEP> I went to. I decided this past year that I was going to get out and start playing a lot more. And I went after it. And and I really didn't find much improvement. Fact ever time I'd start trying to correct something it seemed like the score would go back up. I think I need to. <SEP> I probably need to take some more lessons and practice more often. Spend more time on the. I think I'm probably the same way. Lessons do help. I know ever year we buy. I go to this Ducks Unlimited dinner. It's a hunter's type affair. <SEP> And I buy in Austin Texas. I go down to Austin. I live in the Dallas area but I go down to Austin and go with my good customer and friend of mine. And we always buy this weekend at a country club in the hill country. At Horseshoe Bay. <SEP> I'm familiar with it. And we just have a ball. And we play three days in a row three different courses. And course by the end of the third day and the end of the third course my score has gone from a hundred and twenty down to about a hundred and five. So. <SEP> If you play regular I think it makes a big difference. You bet. So that makes a lot of difference to me. I've also found too I try to work out regularly. And when I am doing that and feeling loose and that I swing better. I get through the ball better. And I also if I. I found as I've gotten a little older here I worry less about my distance. You bet. <SEP> And I. My control is a little bit better there. So. That's super. I haven't learned to hit the ball easy. And I just sort of. <SEP> I'm always wanting to hit it hard. And that's something my stepfather never could teach me just to relax and hit the ball. And subsequently when I do tire out from playing like twelve fourteen holes a lot of my energy's gone. When I do swing it's an easier swing. And I do actually hit the ball better. <SEP> Have you ever tried a one iron? I have a two through wedge. I hit a two iron awful lot. Off the tee. I don't hit a driver off the tee. That's why I need my driving lessons. <SEP> I put mine back in my bag this year too. And I used a three wood rather than a driver. That helps. I had a lot more control on it. I sacrificed distance. But I wasn't in trouble every time I got down the fairway. That's a good idea. I think this next year I'm going to attempt to play more. And I'm going to do the same thing. I laid off my woods about three years ago. And I just use a two wood off the fairway. And I'm a fairly strong person. So I get a pretty good little drive. <SEP> And and I guess control my irons better. If you'll take lessons the first thing they put in your hand is an iron. And I still remember that watching myself and my son. But I think the key is you need to play more often than I play. <SEP> I read recently here they say if you're scoring well you should play more. If you're scoring poorly you should spend more time on the practice range. I think there is less frustration factor there too. Makes good sense. <SEP> But I. The one iron is something I've been thinking because my driver's gone so badly lately that I should pick one up and try to start. Apparently they're very difficult to play with. But with practice I would imagine you could groove that swing too. And I play with a fellow that can knock a one iron. It's incredible. And his accuracy is what's so startling with it. And I. But it's an iron that he's really practiced with. He has used a lot. And it would be fun to get that good with. Uh distance iron. You bet. <SEP> My challenge of the game is just if I can get off the first tee when everyone's standing around watching you I'd be great after that. That. I just. If I get off the tee box and I've anything from a hundred fifty to two hundred yard drive through a straight I just want to get down and kiss the ground. <SEP> And get away without embarrassing yourself. Because.
sw3045.txt:. Do you own a P C by the way? I'm guessing you probably do. I don't have one in my home here. My parents have one. And they live just about three miles away. <SEP> So we use that one. I see. And my in-laws also have one. And they're almost as close. <SEP> They're in Richardson. And what kinds of things do you use it for when you go to them? Usually word processing something such as forms for things. <SEP> Also I have a nine year old that I've been home schooling for the last three years. And we got. The one that my parents have is an Apple Two E. <SEP> And I have a sister-in-law who works in the Fort Worth school district. And so she got me copies of several of the Apple programs for school programs. <SEP> And so we use those. And there's some. Whenever we go over and visit grandma the kids love to play the computer game. So that's part of it. <SEP> My husband has used the one at his folks house for mostly business things. His resume his letter. He's been applying for jobs and things so that type of thing. Forms for his photography business and that kind of thing. <SEP> I tell you once you get used to having them you get spoiled really quickly. <SEP> I'm. My father had a software company. <SEP> And they have a bunch of computers leftover from that. And we're hoping that they can put together something for us here that we can have the word processing here. <SEP> But they're kind of older. So I'm not sure that we'll be able to get too many other programs for it. I'm a writer by profession. And when I was first here in Dallas or in Plano. I was finally able to afford a new typewriter and I got an I B M Selectric. I thought I had died and gone to heaven because I thought they're so wonderful. <SEP> I have one of those. Then. <SEP> Mine's broke at the moment. But. Ours really needs to have some work done on it. But then my husband worked at T I. He doesn't work there anymore but he got the T I professional and brought that home. And I learned Wordstar on that. And once that happened there was just no way that I could ever go back to doing anything of length of the typewriter. <SEP> I learned Wordstar. I did some typing for my father when he had the company. And so I learned that on there too. That was. Have you ever used WordPerfect? Or. <SEP> I haven't. That's the one that my father. I guess I have used it once or twice. It's the one that's on my father-in-law's computer. <SEP> He's got on I B M. That's probably where you've used it. So that's the program that they're using there. I have that on my computer here. And also I do some work at U T D. And that's what they have there. And it was just so nice to be able just to step into the position and already know the software. And I don't know from my own experience. WordPerfect is just so much better than Wordstar at least the version of Wordstar that I used to have. It may be improved by now. But. <SEP> That's what I've heard. Wordstar was never very intuitive to me. You. Some of the commands just had nothing to do with what they did on the computer. But. Going forward and backward a word or up and down a line that sort of thing just didn't match with the kinds of keys you were using. <SEP> You had to memorize it. <SEP> And. But WordPerfect is just a lot more intuitive in a lot of ways. And it does a lot of things too that if you do any kind of research or anything like that where you have to use footnotes it is just wonderful. Because it keeps track of all your footnotes. <SEP> That's neat. And if you put a footnote in the middle if you come up with some new piece of documentation and you put that in the middle of your paper and have to footnote it it just automatically changes all your footnoting numbers for you. How wonderful. So it's just. <SEP> I had heard that. That was a better one. And I think about how it used to be if you were doing a paper and you had to go back and retype everything. And it was just awful. So I don't know I think we have just become really spoiled. But I think it's a nice kind of way to be spoiled. <SEP> I agree. So I have not really paid much attention because I. Clock. <SEP> Although I think we've probably been talking at least ten minutes. So unless you have some other things you want to talk about as having to do with P C -s. Not too much. What kind of things do you write? I was a technical writer for many years. <SEP> And my husband and I actually met in a computer company. I was a tech writer. And he was an engineer. So I did tech writing for a number of years. Go talk to Daddy about it. <SEP> Excuse me. Go on and talk to Daddy about it. Tell Daddy I unplugged it for you. But you don't need to drag it down the hall. Got a problem? <SEP> Daddy came home and found her playing with the telephone that I had unplugged. Trying to figure out what all that was about? But I have. That was the majority of my writing although I have also done free lance magazine writing and some educational writing. And for a while I had a partnership in an advertising agency with another woman who is an artist. So I did some advertising and P R. But. <SEP> Actually I'm not working anymore. I'm a graduate student. So I'm doing a lot of writing. But now all of the scholastic majors though. I've done a lot of different kinds. But I just know right now that I couldn't have put out half of what I did if that much without the being in computers. So that's been really great. So I'm real spoiled. <SEP> I'm anxious some day to have one here. I'm. And they just talked the other day about setting something up again. So hopefully pretty soon we'll at least have the word processing. <SEP> My nine year old I've decided to teach her how to type using the computer. So. That's great. <SEP>. I've. Those are skills that she certainly is going to need early on. And it seems like it's getting earlier and earlier with the children. <SEP> That's right. So I think that that would be a real advantage to her to have that and do it early. <SEP> So. D-. We've been writing a story together. <SEP> And I wanted her to put it into the computer and then print it out and make a book with it. <SEP> And so I decided if she's going to do that it would be a whole lot easier if she could type. <SEP> So we'll slowly learn just to type here and then put the story in. That's great. That's a skill that she can use for the rest of her life. So. Might as well start now? <SEP> I agree. Nola I have enjoyed talking with you thoroughly. This is really going to be fun I think. <SEP> And my husband is a ham radio operator. And I think about all the people that he talks to all over the.
sw2304.txt:. What are some of your favorite foods? Mine. <SEP> I imagine in Argentina you've got some great foods. We got a lot of European dishes. We got what some people call the best beef in the world. <SEP> So it's Bishu. Every Sunday you go out. And you buy all these parts of the cow. And then you just cook them over a grill. That's. In our house it's already built in. There's this whole special place in the back. So you can make a barbecue. I've had that meal in New York where they bring you a plank with all this wonderful beef parts of beef cooked and barbecued. <SEP> And it's marvelous. And then. <SEP> I have to find a place around here that has that. They have an Argentinean place down in Georgetown. So. I'll keep that in mind. <SEP> You serve that yourself or for a family? Excuse me? You ever serve that yourself when you have company? The problem is I'm only twenty-two. <SEP> But when I'm down at home. And somebody says when are we having this. And I'll cook it. <SEP> You have to prepare the fire and then put the sausages on. And then you put all these different meats which take different times. Do you buy them separately at an American grocery store. Or do you have to. You don't go buy it from a wholesaler. But what happens is in Argentina they have all these little places like the fruit stand and the dairy products and whatever. <SEP> Little butcher shops. And so. I've lived in Mexico. So I know. And so they got the meat place. <SEP> And so you just go there. And you can't find chicken there. You got to go to another place to find the chicken. You have poultry place. What dishes do you serve with it? Basically it's what we call it impenadas which is. <SEP> The turnover. The stuffed turnover. Meat turnovers. <SEP> I love those. And then we also put sausages on a bun. And then that's to start out with. And then what you have is also three different kinds of salad. <SEP> And that's about it. Do you remember when you were in Washington Sam the Argentine baker? <SEP> It used to be in Georgetown years ago. He moved. I guess he retired and went back to Argentina. I guess in the early seventies. So that's before your time. <SEP> Your parents might remember if they were here then. We were only there for two years. He was wonderful. We used to get the most marvelous impenadas and other Argentine things. <SEP> And what I also eat now since I graduate. I have an Italian roommate. And. I'm Italian. Are you? <SEP> And being Argentinean we also have a lot of pasta. And. <SEP> Because there're many Italians in Argentina. And my mom makes what we call niokes and all this stuff lasagna and everything. <SEP> My grandfather came to the United States through Argentina. <SEP> This was around the turn of the century. Actually a little bit later nineteen twelve nineteen thirteen. At one point one third of the population of Argentina was Italian. Pure Italians. <SEP> I'll tell you. It's interesting because when we cook here. I'm of Italian descent. My husband is Chinese. <SEP> And we both love Continental cooking French cooking. So we cook. Our meals are. We don't usually mix. I mean that sometimes. <SEP> If we're entertaining we'll do a Chinese recipe. And there are really easy recipe. That is with Chinese you always have several dishes. <SEP> And nowadays with microwaves. You can steam many of the things in a microwave. I don't know if you have one. <SEP> And if you like Chinese food you can take filet of fish and put a little bit of soy sauce and a little bit of sesame oil on top of it and chop some scallions and a little ginger and just cover it with some waxed paper and steam it just until the fish is done. <SEP> And it's a wonderful flavorful piece of fish. Is it? <SEP> Because I was at. It's like when you go buy fish. I buy the fish. So you can do it in the microwave the breaded fish. <SEP> And. I've seen the filet. Buy a fresh filet of fish a nice one at the fish counter. What kind of fish? <SEP> Any white fish. Sole is good flounder. Sole or flounder is real good. And even grouper. So we put soy sauce and sesame. <SEP> Little bit of soy sauce and sesame seed oil. And not too much soy sauce. Some chopped up slivers of scallions. And slivers of ginger. And then just cover it and put it in the microwave for just two minutes check it after two minutes to see if the fish flakes. <SEP> And if the fish flakes it's done. Don't overcook it though. Because I got one of those little microwaves. The ones that take forever to boil a cup of water. Just check it during. <SEP> And another quick dish if you like do you know what hoi sin sauce is. It's that sweet Chinese sauce? I don't. If you go in a Chinese store ask for hoi sin H O I S I N. Wait wait wait H. <SEP> H O I. H O I. S I N or S E N. S I N. <SEP> Either way they'll spell it. Hoi Sin sauce. It's a very sweet dark sort of a purplish plum sauce purplish brown. And if you take little pieces of pork little cubes of pork. And you fry them with garlic and a couple dashes of hot pepper and then mix some hoi sin sauce with sherry just a little sherry to thin it and stir that in. You can even put a spoon of ketchup in. <SEP> And that makes a great pork dish with a sort of a spicy sweet sauce that you can serve over rice. How much pork do you buy for two people. <SEP> For two people if it's American style I buy a half a pound. If you're just serving that. But if you're serving another dish with it with guys pretty healthy appetites I'd probably go a third of a pound. <SEP> And then you could. I could probably go half a pound. And you can always heat it up again and save. So it's just since I'm from Argentina I just love meat. <SEP> And we. You can also do the same thing if you have ground beef. <SEP> Just stir fry the ground beef. Drain off the oil. Use the same hoi sin sauce and some of the frozen mixed vegetables. Just stir that in. And you've got another dish. And how much does it cost? <SEP> The hoi sin sauce? A dollar twenty-nine a can. <SEP> A can would serve you for quite a few meals. I thought it was maybe five fifty or something. It's not expensive at all. It's one of the Chinese cooking basics. <SEP> Listen it was good talking with you. Same here. Hope you enjoy your recipe. Thank you. <SEP>.
sw3115.txt:And your occupation is teaching? I'm a substitute teacher. Substitute teacher. <SEP> Is this Pat I'm talking to now? It is it is. I'm a substitute teacher in the same school system we both work in. I was just trying to make an introduction here. <SEP> And I haven't told you I'm going to be at a different school this year. I've just gotten another job at an elementary library at Barron. <SEP> I bet you may dress differently then for that. I. Not really. Every day I've got to read to kindergartners. So I'm going to be down on the floor with them. I've got about forty kindergartners I'm going to be working with every day for a half hour. So I'll probably be wearing slacks as often as I do because if I'm going to be down on the floor messing with them I'm not going to wear nice nylons and dresses. What I wear sometimes depends on how cold I think the school might be or what room I might be in since I'm a sub and have different rooms to go to. And always carry a sweater. <SEP> Of course you've been at Clark enough that you know it's always cold. <SEP> But you don't know at some of the other schools you go to unless you've been there. You try to layer so you can add or take off. Subtract. <SEP> And it's interesting to notice when you go to different schools that some are a little more fancier than others and have a very casual. I think some of the dress codes are different at different schools. That's one of the things I ask about whether she would allow slacks. And she said she doesn't have a problem with that. She just didn't like sloppy dressing. <SEP> And I said that was okay. And I'm. Basically I wear slacks year round except about once a week I try to wear a skirt. And in the winter I maybe wear longer sleeve shirts than I do in the summer. And add a heavier jacket or wear jackets more in the winter than I do in the summer. That's about. I don't really work in a profession that requires that I wear a business suit and look really. <SEP> And for me sometimes they even have dress up days. Or they have spirit week that you wear your different outfits. And you have to have the color for that particular school if you choose to participate in spirit week. <SEP> And one might be a hat day where you have to come up with some sort of hat. And you never know that though sometimes when you're going in do you? <SEP> But because I sort of stick to several schools I'm usually aware that there might be a spirit week going on and might remember to do it. And then many schools on a particular day during football season maybe all year long they wear the school colors for game day which. <SEP> On what Thursday. It might be Thursday for the high schools. And it may be Friday for the senior high schools. So that would kind of give you a clue I guess. And sometimes you get the long term stuff. So you're aware ahead of time of what's going on. <SEP> That. So that's. And I don't know. I think about the dress code they have for the kids. Are. They put one on the parents or the teachers and say the men have to wear ties. And there can be no blue jeans worn. And because some of the teachers I know wear dress up jeans not sloppy looking jeans but tapered jeans that they've had dry cleaned so they have got the crease. And they'll wear it with a nice top. And I don't know that that looks that bad. But if you're going to tell the kids they have to dress up I guess you can tell the teachers that too. <SEP> It. I see that the. I think the elementary school teachers or maybe even the middle school teachers dress a little fancier than some of the high school teachers. But I think it varies just so much. Anything can go. <SEP> And you can see in some of the departments in some of the schools like history at Clark they're all pretty fancy. But they're just sort of into clothes. And then there's other departments that aren't. <SEP> And they'll just wear your common ordinary whatever you might say. There's a couple teachers up there that do dress up more than others. <SEP>. And so you try to maybe follow those if you know you're going there. You don't want to dress too tacky because you're going to be in the same room with them. And you always. Course it's a standing joke when the men come in a tie and a suit coat you say have you got a job interview today. Or there's usually something going on that would cause that to happen. <SEP> Or you're going to be observed. <SEP> And I don't know how a coach would feel that teaches health or English or whatever that they had to wear a tie. I. Some of those male coaches that might really. They go around in their little coaching shorts or parachute pants. And a T-shirt. <SEP> That I didn't ever understand. We've got coaches that teach health for five periods and then have athletics sixth period. So. At Vines the coaches don't do that. Whether. <SEP> They dress pretty good I would say. And then they go to their coaching. And they put their shorts on there. Change then. That's what I would think. <SEP> That's what I would think. But they don't wear their sweat pants or anything. They dress like any other teacher would in a classroom situation not in P E. <SEP> Course we had one coach one period he'd teach P E and the next period Health and then a period of P E. Those I can understand. And that's hard. <SEP> So he just left warm-ups on. But. I think really probably they could really. And I don't know if they make uniforms the thing for the kids. I guess the teachers will have to follow suit with a dark skirt and a white top. And. I don't think we'll ever get to that. You don't think so. <SEP> I don't think. I think we're going the opposite direction. It's the parochial schools that many ti-. They've had uniforms for years. I don't really know if they still do. Some of them they do. And it's not at some of the private schools. It certainly makes it easier to dress. But even there's a couple public schools in Dallas where the kids wear uniforms and the teachers dress in accordance with that. <SEP> It's certainly cheaper and easier in the long run that you don't have to be concerned about your wardrobe. I think it would make a difference at school. I don't think we should be spending time saying somebody's wearing torn clothing or wearing shorts too short. Or they've got the really short skirt and the black nylons and the high. It's a lot of trouble to take care of that. <SEP> And of course the kids say then why bother just let me wear what I want. And yet we can't to that either. I'd like to see them go to not necessarily a uniform but saying that they've got to wear a button down shirt. That would alleviate any T-shirts with sayings on them. But if they could wear a button-down shirt and a pair of dark slacks and they could buy them anywhere they wanted. And. But I doubt that that will come about. And then the girls. <SEP> Just. I. I don't. Not in Plano. <SEP> Not. They may get a-. But they said in the Dallas schools that that helps their educational process there. <SEP> I think it does. It takes their minds off of trying to compete. Highland Park's thinking about going that route. So it. And then I think that's going to push teachers to dress a lot more professionally than they do. <SEP> I don't think a lot of teachers are very professional. But. I agree with you on.
sw2226.txt:Books. Mainly I read the Bible these days. <SEP> That's very good. I do too. That's great to hear. And Christian literature. I've kind of. I used to read a lot of novels. But it seems as though if you really want to set side time to read the Bible and you work and whatever that pretty well takes up your time for reading. <SEP> It does. It. And I been praying that God would put a desire to read the Bible in my heart. And he really has. It's getting to where a just really want to read it. <SEP> That's good. That's good. It's hard for me to find time also to read. A lot of times I do just read magazines and stuff like that because I don't have a lot of time. But when I do get to sit down and read I like to read the Bible. And I like to read. I read to my daughter a lot too. Do you? <SEP> And I like to read Bi-. I have Bible storybooks. So I like reading those to her. And she really enjoys those. So that's good. And it's kind of short because we don't have a lot of time to read. <SEP> So it's real enjoyable. For both of us. Have you ever read any of Frank E Peretti's? <SEP> Frank E. I guess I haven't. THIS PRESENT DARKNESS and I forget the other. He's also written a lot of children. How old is your daughter. Five. Five. He's written some children's books as well. And they're all spiritually oriented. <SEP>. What's his name again? Peretti. Frank E Peretti. <SEP> Frank E Peretti. P E R E T T I. I have to look for those. Do. Because I love to read his children's books just. <SEP> Just to read them. That's good. They're good. They're great. That's good. And it's usually about a family of archaeologists and the spiritual fights that they get into like digging in old ruins and running across the old gods and things. <SEP>. <SEP> That sounds pretty neat. It is. It's real exciting. <SEP> I'll have to look for those. And it also teaches them spiritual warfare. So. <SEP> That's neat. I have a. My daughter has PRECIOUS MOMENTS collection. And I like that because it's real easy to follow for her. If I read straight out of the Bible to her she'd never understand any of it. It's hard for me. <SEP> That's right. It is real hard to follow and understand. <SEP> And I've got a Bible that has a little bit of a glossary in the back. And it helps explain who people are. That's about the hardest thing is who's related to who. I know it. And especially it's hard to keep your interest in those begats. <SEP> It sure is. But it is good reading. And it's good for us and everything. That's right. <SEP> I really do enjoy it. But I also. But then on the other extreme I like to read horror Steven King type books. I've read a lot of his too. The. And I like that. That's good fun reading. Can't put them down. <SEP> You can't. You really can't. They are good. And they're just so suspenseful. I really do enjoy his. There's another guy. What can. What is his name. You would. When you're recording you can't remem-. <SEP> I know. Dean Kratz or Kranz. Or. Judith Krantz? Y-. Who? <SEP> Judith Krantz. I know her. It's a guy. And he writes the same thing though. It's that real gruesome horror stories. <SEP>. <SEP> That's good. Koontz. His last name ends in a Z I know that. I think I know who you're talking about. I've seen. I don't think I can pronounce it either. But. <SEP> I'm in a book club. And I think I've seen his books in there. I've never read any of his. But they're real. I kind of got burnt out on Steven King though. It seems like it's all the. <SEP> Did you ever read the. It's one of his first books THE STAND. That long thing. I know it. And that seems like all of his books have kind of come from that. <SEP> They do kind of follow or Are similar. That. I love that book though. I thought it was great. <SEP> It really was. And I loved THE SHINING. That was my favorite. Those hedges when they started moving. <SEP> Whenever they made that into a movie I was thinking if they show that I'll just die. For some reason that scared me more than anything. <SEP> That is. He just brings stuff alive. You could just visualize everything. <SEP> That's. And that was a pretty scary movie too. I think they did a pretty good job. But they didn't follow it exactly. <SEP> But they did do it justice. That's right. But most of the time they don't follow books very well when they make them into movies. That's true. I liked IT as well. <SEP> That's another big fat one. I did too. <SEP> That was good. I also liked CUJO. Did you read that one? <SEP> And. Except it broke my heart. I'm a dog lover. <SEP> Me too. And then NIGHT STAND. Is that NIGHT. It was. <SEP> DEAD ZONE. That's one I liked. What? DEAD ZONE. <SEP> That was a. I've read that one too. That was a real good one. He's written a lot of books. <SEP> He just sits down eight hours a day. Just like any other job. I know it. <SEP> And then he has some under another name. That he's written. That's right. That one about the Gypsies or that hunger. <SEP> Or s-. I think his name was Bachman. He wrote under the name of Bachman. Richard Bachman. <SEP> He is really interesting. He's so prolific. I wish I could do that. I know it. And I have gone back. And after I graduated I read some of the old classics that I just bluffed my way through and have found that I enjoy them quite a bit too. <SEP> I do too. I love good old. Once you can get into the language. The l-. <SEP> It's like it's English. But it's not the same English they speak today. So it's kind of hard to keep at it. But. <SEP> That's true. But I. They're worthwhile. Literature? That was one of my favorite subjects in school was literature. <SEP> Me too. I used to love those good old books. <SEP> I didn't mind doing that at all. Nathaniel Hawthorne is pretty scary himself. I liked. Why can't I think of their names. The one that wrote WUTHERING HEIGHTS. Wasn't that Jane Ehre? <SEP> That was another one. He wrote JANE EHRE too. You know who I'm talking about. <SEP> Those are good old books and classics. That's right. <SEP> Sure is neat. That's why I like to watch that MASTERPIECE THEATRE on channel thirteen because they'll take a classic and televise it put it into a viewing format more or less. <SEP>. <SEP> A lot of people just don't have time to read nowadays. I know it's really hard for me. I work two jobs and have my daughter and teach Sunday school and go to school myself. Do you? <SEP> So it's hard for me to sit down and read. I can imagine. But when I do I just love it. Me too. <SEP> I think we've accomplished five minutes. So. I think we have too. <SEP> Thank you very much. It's good talking to you. You too.
sw3776.txt:I spent four years as a university professor. And. <SEP> I spent three years. I'm teaching in public schools and elementary school. Do you really? <SEP> That's great. I taught in Utah. And Did you teach in California? No kidding. <SEP> W-. I did. <SEP> I did. You sound pretty young for a university professor. I was pretty young. I was. I had never intended to do it. And I was given the opportunity after I'd started a management consulting firm to teach in one of the business schools in the California State University system. <SEP> At any rate the topic is fascinating because one of the things I've done for the past few years is research the problem from the point of view of what appears to be working best and how you can explain it theoretically. You may be familiar with cooperative learning. Have you ever. <SEP> You can tell me a little bit more about it because I don't think we did that in Utah. The cooperative learning is a technique that was tried initially to integrate the public schools. And what it involves basically is the use of peer groups. And the teacher becomes a sort of a resource person to the learning cooperatives. And there are some fairly sophisticated approaches that are used in the high schools with point systems and things like that so that people gain a competence with respect to the material. <SEP> I think that the combination of technology and techniques like that together with marketplace forces will bring about a revolution in the way we learn. I think there is a direct threat to vested interest in the public school system that will stand in the way of that progress being a little faster. School systems are in too many states dominated by administrators. And both teachers and parents complain about the cost and ineffectiveness that results. My feeling is that the problem is significant. There are plenty of good people available to offer people educational experience. But that we just have to reallocate and reorganize the resources to do it. And I think certain techniques and technologies will influence all of that as well as research of the sort that people like me do looking at theories of behavior and how they can be used to improve performance particularly accelerate the pace of learning. <SEP> And my feeling is that those kinds of things will solve the problem eventually. I don't know what form it will ultimately take. But I think that the future is pretty bright because people recognize that we're paying an enormous price for inferior quality when the people involved really aren't inferior. So it must be the way we're managing the process that. I see what year saying. I totally agree. I don't think it's a matter of talented people to do it both as quote unquote students and as teachers. But clearly what's happened in this country is the school system's been asked to assume a great many responsibilities in the past thirty years that weren't existent. <SEP>. You must see kids with real significant problems in some cases. Course I always see the. I don't know how hard is it in the public school system in Iowa City? Is it deteriorated a lot. Do the people say. Are they pretty happy with it. Or. <SEP> I haven't taught in Iowa. But I've taught in Utah. And people there were saying that the way that the schools were going a lot of people were going away and going to private schools or else going to where they taught their kids at home. Or anything but the public schools and the ones that did have the kids. Even in Utah. <SEP> Maybe it was the area I was in. Utah's a place where you wouldn't think that problem would be very severe. But a lot of schools had a lot of transient families and a lot of families who were on the poorer side. And. So you saw a fair number of troubled kids. <SEP> You said how the schools are doing more things for the kids than they were thirty years ago. The school I was teaching at the year I left they were considering providing hot breakfast for the kids. <SEP> As well as hot lunch. And.
sw3506.txt:Is it Stacy? Angie. Angie. I'm sorry. <SEP> If you were going to have a dinner party what would you make? Let's see. I like seafood. Let's see. Shrimp steamed shellfish with maybe herbs. Spicy lobster with lem- linguini. That sounds good. <SEP> What is the steamed shellfish you said? And what would that be like a clam or. <SEP>. I think hors d'oeuvres are good too. And that way you can have a variety. So if you have a a dinner party and you're going to serve seafood for supper what type of hors d'oeuvres would you serve prior to the meal? <SEP> Cheeses or fruits or vegetables or. Fresh vegetables would be good. Or just. Probably not nachos and dip? <SEP> And would it be appropriate to drink when you have the hors d'oeuvres? And then when you serve the meal what type of wine would you have with seafood? <SEP> All these hard questions. What white wine? That would be my guess. <SEP> And then dessert. I'm not really a drinker. So I don't know a lot about that. Something sweet? <SEP> Chocolate something chocolate. You must like chocolate. Let's see. Usually when we have a dinner party I like to grill. <SEP> You do? So we might have some cocktails ahead of time and maybe some dip some cheese. One of our favorites is to take some Philadelphia cream cheese. And pour cocktail sauce over the top of it and then get these little canned shrimp and wash them and cool them and then dump them in the sauce and then take crackers. <SEP> And then you just dip the cracker in the sauce with the clams and the cream cheese. And you have a real nice dip that goes good with a cocktail. And then I like to barbecue steaks or pork chops. And then lot of times we'll have baked potatoes with them and a salad. And then I don't know what we usually have for dessert. Cake sometimes. But that's what we would do for a dinner party I guess. <SEP> That sounds good too. But I guess when you talk about dinner party that's more for when friends come over. Traditional. <SEP> Traditional. I wouldn't be the big snotty kind. <SEP> I just really started learning about that. And I bought a Martha Stewart. I don't know if you've heard of her. <SEP> Her cookbook. And she talks about catering and goes into all that and the different types of parties different types of foods. Do you work in a setting where you are in the food business? My father owns a restaurant. Is it in Dallas? <SEP> It's just a cafe. So it's not really anything that I want to. It's not the same. It's in Lewisville. You graduated from which high school? <SEP> Trinity. Trinity. And that's a public school or private? That's public. I have to get to know this area a little better I guess. Is your father's cafe one that you could cater out of? <SEP> It's not. And he's not interested in letting his twenty-one year old daughter experiment with it probably. <SEP> Let's see. What else for catering. Let's see. What about Hawaiian luau. That would be good. <SEP> Could have fruits and pineapple. Let's see. And you could actually go with a chicken if you wanted to. I think decorating your food is really.
sw3750.txt:. So you enjoy camping? <SEP> Like you I haven't done any in quite some time except for what I call living now which is very close to camping. <SEP>. <SEP> Is it? I camped in the Boy Scouts. And my dad and I went out sometimes. But even my first eight or nine years of working I camped almost all of the time because I was in construction. <SEP> And it is cheaper to pitch a tent and cook your meals out by the fire than it is to rent an apartment add to stress. When you have to have it you have got to have it. <SEP> And in those kinds of situations room rent which is outrageous. So my buddy and I we just camped. <SEP> And we figured what the hell. We did it when we were kids. And we loved it. Of course we didn't really rough it that much. When I was in high school. He is a couple years older than me. And he graduated and went off to college. And during the summer we would camp out at the lake. <SEP> But it wasn't very much like camping because we had a refrigerator and a stove. I had a little boat house and floated it out on Lake Grapevine. <SEP> And it was fantastic. We would get up in the morning go skiing. That substituted for a shower. And then we would go to work and come back to the boat house at night. And in the afternoon it is still four o'clock. You have got four hours of day light good skiing left. <SEP> And it was great. But now all my life is more like camping than not camping really. <SEP> Do you have electricity out there. You've got a phone obviously. Actually as a matter of fact they just ran the phone three years ago. <SEP> We didn't have a phone. They didn't have phone lines. You just couldn't get phones. <SEP> And we are third from the end on the electric string. So we are at the end of the mail route. <SEP> Like I said we are probably as far as you can get from the Seven Eleven and still be in Texas. I guess so. But right now what we did my wife and I is we got a mobile home. One of these twelve by forty-eight's that got repoed And swapped them a Cadillac for it and put it out here on the land figuring I would build a house some day. <SEP>. <SEP> I'm in construction. And I just had this place to shower up while I was out here putting up fence and building a driveway and drilling a well and all that stuff you have to do before you can even put a house in. And I came home from work one Friday afternoon. And our truck was back. Everything we had was in boxes. And my wife said we're moving. <SEP> And I said where. And she said out to the trailer. And I said oh. She said yep. And I said okay. So we have been roughing it out here for about three years. But it is not bad. We have color T V microwave. <SEP> It is not horrible. But it's a lot like camping. I grew up in California in central California right in the valley. <SEP> So it is a forty-five minute drive to the mountains. So my dad loved fishing and camping. So we would go up. First we went up with a Toyota pick up truck and laid out our sleeping bags under the stars and cooked our hot dogs by the fire or whatever. <SEP> But then later my mom and dad got a camper. So we have kind of moved up. Became civilized. A little bit in the world. My mom goes camping. She takes her motor home. She's got one of these huge Winnebago's with a refrigerator and air-conditioning color T V microwave oven. <SEP> She just. Roughing it for me is going to the Holiday Inn and getting a shower. <SEP> But she has a lot of fun. And mostly it is just a way to. She goes to dog shows. <SEP> She shows dogs. And you can sneak a dog into a motel. But you can't sneak ten dogs into a motel. <SEP> So she takes the motor home. And she made a deal with my dad that she would take all the dogs with her when she went dog showing. And she. If he would buy her a motor home. <SEP> So he did. But as far as camping my wife and I have plans to not really camp per se but to drive up the Highway One there in California as soon as we get this house finished. <SEP>. That will be pretty. I am going to need a vacation. <SEP> That's really pretty out there. There are a lot of nice places.
sw3154.txt:. Let's see. We keep our paper bags lined up in the garage for glass and plastics. And we make the dump over to the Wal-Mart bins there as soon as they're full. I guess we collect milk cartons and whatever other plastics are acceptable. Are you in the part of town where they have gotten into the other containers yet for recycling? I didn't think that anybody had those at all yet. <SEP> Maybe they don't. I know that was supposed to be in May. And I couldn't tell whether some parts of town had started it or if it was just everybody was waiting for the delivery of whatever those containers were. I haven't seen any. So I thought that it had all been delayed several times. So I have no idea what they look like. And I'm kind of anxious to see them. That's going to be interesting because we've gotten so convenient and conventional in trash disposal which is. <SEP> I look at our big green containers. And I say they work fine. And I keep mine outside the garage so that I don't have any odors. But it's clearly a place where. It will be interesting to see how well that works. And I'm glad the community is doing it. It's one of those things that kind of has to be forced on people. I don't know what you saw back years ago. But for me the thing that strikes me growing up in rural South Dakota where the farmers brought their eggs to town and the local hatchery would candle them and package them is that in the fifties you could say we had the recycling going on then that we should have now. Which was all the milk bottles were glass. <SEP> And you got a nickel or dime which in that time was a lot of money when you returned them. Pop bottles all had a deposit on them. <SEP> Of course. That they did. Actually we had milk delivered to our house in glass bottles. And we had a milk shoot at the side of the house. <SEP> You could just leave the milkman a note on what you needed. And so you just put the empty ones back out there. And he took them away and put another gallon of glass bottle in there. <SEP> I look back at my childhood. And I'd say they were doing things then that we should be doing now. And so it doesn't bother me at all that we're kind of starting to put the pressure on people to get away from all this throwaway society that got developed in the sixties and seventies. It would be nice to see it take a good turn here. It seems like it started to take a turn and then it went away. So I hope that this time it stays. Just To see stacks and stacks of newspapers just to the trash is just amazing. <SEP> Actually when we go dump our things we collect newspapers too and then take them. Seems like there's a pretty continual flow of people coming and dumping glass and dumping plastics. So that's kind of encouraging. I didn't know if we started to do that. I didn't know what to expect. <SEP> I'll have to say the only one I'm good at at this point is the newspaper. Taking that to the Boy Scouts and my aluminum cans getting rid of those. But on the plastic I don't have any habits there yet. And guess I'm waiting for the city to push me in that direction. But it just seems like on the larger scale that we always talk about in our society that economic strife things. I guess they will shortly. I. <SEP> And I think if we just start to put the nickel deposit on things like was the case years ago that it would have more immediate effect than. Because I remember searching ditches for beer bottles because they were worth money. And it seems like beer drinkers are among the worst for throwing things out the window. And so outside my little town we would go out and look for long neck beer bottle because they were worth something. <SEP>. Do you know in Tom Thumb yesterday I saw the return to the small Coke bottles. <SEP> And I don't know if there's a deposit on those or not. I. That's interesting because. They're back to glass you're saying? They were the glass. Let's see. They'd be maybe six ounce or ten ounce. Sort of a small size and we didn't stop and look at them a long time. <SEP>. And they were packed in the old sort of six pack stick them down sort of a basket type thing. <SEP>. The paper carton. <SEP> I hadn't seen that in a long time. I mean the. You really look and say a lot of the things we need to do we were doing. And we had all the mechanisms in place with the fold up paper cartons the wood racks which now basically you could turn them into the plastic ones that would hold twenty-four bottles. And I'm not really going back to good old days. But certainly we were doing things the way we think we should do them now. <SEP> It will be interesting to see how over the next year this all works out because on the grass I know your husband doesn't really like the paper sacks. He doesn't like the paper sacks. But he likes to pick the grass up too. He Doesn't. <SEP> I'm the same way because otherwise. I generally listen to Neal Sperry on Saturdays and Neal's a person who says I like to pick it up. But I don't believe in throwing it into the landfill. So I have my compost pile. But most of us don't have the sufficient lot size to do that. <SEP> So I'm glad the city's willing to take that on. That's nice. I guess they dump it the same place. I wonder where they dump that. There's someplace. If it's. Because really when I look at what my grass does in actually about twenty-four hours knowing what the farmers do in rural areas they just take their hay and just build a big mound of it and it naturally composts or stores. And so all you have to do is just place it somewhere and churn it. And it will naturally decompose. So you just have to kind of keep in separated. And then who knows how they process it from there and what they turn it into. But it's certainly usable material. They must keep it separate if they have this date in. <SEP> They have this day now that it's separate from the other trash pick up. But the thing I don't understand about that is when. It's one thing to send grass there. But I've trimmed trees and other things which end up being something that clearly won't decompose nearly as rapidly.
sw3565.txt:You've done. Our most recent series of projects inside was we remodeled a bathroom recently. How did it go? <SEP> It went pretty well other than the fact that we encountered some problems that you run across in older homes with plumbing which one thing led to another. And eventually we ended up replacing all the pipes from the sink clear back to the main drain. Which meant you needed to take the wall out and start all over. Like starting over I guess. <SEP> It wasn't one of those. It started out as a Sunday project. And by the next Sunday it was done. It wasn't a one dayer. Believe me. That sounds like. Course I don't know. Once you get it done then you probably won't have that problem again. <SEP> It's good for another thirty years. You've got an older house? They are built a little bit more sturdy than. <SEP> That's the thing that surprised me because once I got into the plumbing everything in there was copper. And it was all soldered. Is that right. <SEP> That's what drove me bananas because I'm going to the hardware store saying give me plastic pipe and cement to fit them together. <SEP> And nothing wanted to go. So it was like I had to go all the way back to the main drain and start all over. And just start at square one. <SEP> That was an all day job just to get it plumbed. And then if you do it wrong. Fortunately I was very fortunate in the fact that when I made the installation of the sink and everything bolted up and we turned the water on nothing leaked. Everything went all right. <SEP> Everything worked. And I just said that's marvelous. I appreciate it. That's the type of thing you cross your fingers and are glad when that happens. I expected something to leak left a fitting loose or didn't use teflon tape on one of them or something like that. <SEP>. <SEP> But it all came together. So I felt pretty fortunate about that. All worked out all right. How about you? Probably the last thing I did was paint and wallpaper kids room. <SEP> And I learned to. I used the wrong kind of paint. This must have not been a very good quality because it just hasn't stood up very well. What kind of paint? It was a latex paint. It was flat. <SEP> And I wonder if maybe I should have used a gloss. But they say you ought to use your gloss mainly in your kitchens and things like that. <SEP> That and semigloss for trim work and usually flat for walls. But I think maybe. I don't know if it was just the. Was it not washable paint? It is a latex paint. But it just kind of is. So it's supposed to wash you're supposed to be able to wash it. <SEP> But it just looks dingy. I don't know how else to explain it. What color is it? It's pink. <SEP> Pink. It's kind of got just kind of a worn look to it. I don't know even how to say. Just didn't turn out quite as nice as I would have liked. But. Did you require more than one can of paint? We put two coats on it. And it's a small room. But I think it only took one can. <SEP> You didn't have to mix paint then. We did. You do mix the color as far as you start with white. And then they add the color. <SEP>. You know what I'm saying. But. <SEP> But you only had one can of paint that you did the entire room with. And then I wall papered a couple of walls. And. <SEP> How'd that go? That was the first time I've ever wallpapered. And. Kind of fun isn't it. That's an education in itself. <SEP> But the dye lots must have been a little bit different from. First of all it takes quite a few rolls even a small room if you're trying to match a design. Repeating patterns is what you have to check for when you buy your paper. <SEP> That's what I needed. And I didn't think about that. I got a Mickey Mouse print is what I got. And so a lot is wasted. <SEP> Normally it will tell you on the roll how often a pattern repeats. So you know how. I didn't even think to look for that. And then the. One of them was just a different color pink is what it ended up being. <SEP> And. When you did your papering did you start in the middle of the wall? I didn't. <SEP> Or did you start at the edge? Is that how you're supposed to do? I started at one edge and went over. Then you had to cut around the closet and cut around a window. <SEP> But. I've had my best luck in papering when I start in the middle of a wall. And I'll start with a plumb line. And start in the middle of the wall and go from there and go all the way around the room. And start right there. <SEP> Do you seem to get it straighter. Is that the advantage. Or what's the. You.
sw3515.txt:Do you do any recycling? We do here. What do we recycle? They recycle. They have bins. <SEP> And they also have centers where you can take aluminum cans and plastic bottles. And I think that's all they have. What about you guys? We. There is a lot of things that you can recycle down here although the only thing I guess I wind up recycling religiously is aluminum cans. <SEP> But we've got a couple of different places. They're like unattended aluminum can smashers. And you can go up there and redeem. We've got one that gives you a penny a can. So if you. <SEP> For smashed cans? Actually you have to put them in there unsmashed. And when you do that it basically crushes them and then drops a penny down a little shoot. <SEP> Can you hold on for just a minute? I'm going to try pressing one again to make sure that I pressed it hard enough because just succeed. <SEP> I guess. I heard it that time. <SEP> You guys only get a penny a can. When you buy canned drinks and stuff like that do they charge you for the deposit? You probably get charged a nickel or something like that. <SEP> And so it's like they charge you for the deposit. So when you turn in the cans unsmashed you're just reimbursed. Type of thing. They don't charge us that extra nickel. <SEP> That's sort of nice though. It really is. Really what happens is we just get a penny a can back off the price if you want to think of it that way. So when we get a twelve pack then that's twelve cents back. <SEP> So you guys can actually get ahead. But they have sort of things that you're not reimbursed for or paid for. We can recycle clear glass brown glass green glass. And milk jugs and newspapers. <SEP> Everyone does newspapers. Everybody does newspapers. But that kind of stuff. <SEP> But they said they can't be smashed or else. It doesn't fit in their little containers. And they're not reimbursed by the people who are over them or something. Maybe what we ought to do is start sending unsmashed Pepsi cans and whatever up there. <SEP> Send it to this address. But let's see. They said that ways can encourage recycling. I tell you what really works at least down here is if there is even some money basically to take care of the gas to recycle it then people tend to do it. <SEP> That's. In other words taking care of the environment is all well and good. But if it's going to cost you to take care of the environment they're not quite as likely to do it as if you get something back for it. <SEP> As likely to do it. <SEP> That's true. So if there are some energy savings or if there is some significant savings anything that they can pass on to the consumer it kind of reminds me of using an A T M card to get money or doing your banking. <SEP> If it's free people will use it. If it costs them something then they're not as likely to use it. But I know we had a problem down here with people taking oil out of their cars and just putting it down the drain sewer. <SEP>. And all that because there was. Apparently a lot of people every time they change the oil. They just dump all their old oil down there. <SEP> Now they're starting to recycle that stuff. That's good. Another thing I thought of to recycle would be clothes because everybody gets rid of their clothes sometime or other. And one way that we do it sort of in Iowa is that we can take some of our clothes to the consignment shops. <SEP> And that way you don't get near as much as you bought it for. But you got the use out of it. And what you're going to basically donate to a Goodwill or whatever anyways you can get a little bit of money for. And so that's something that I've never. <SEP> We're new to Iowa. So that's something that I hadn't looked into before. But that's one way to sort of get money and still recycle I guess. I know a lot of places they.
sw2397.txt:I guess this is probably really a good subject for me because I really like to do hand work. Mostly I do needlepoint I guess. But. <SEP> What kinds of things have you done? I've made a lot of baby gifts. It seem like that's. Especially lately there's been so many babies that bibs and blankets and things like that. Wall hangings. <SEP> Do you ever keep any of your stuff? Isn't that funny. I do crochet and a lot of things like that. And I have very little of my own stuff. And it's kind of embarrassing. People say let me see some of your work. <SEP> Can you do it? Isn't that funny. I guess I do have one thing. A friend of mine gave me a clock kit. And I needlepointed the face. And I kept that because she gave me that. So. <SEP> That would be definitely something you'd want to keep. And it's real neat. Was the whole face done or just the numbers and minute marks? Basically the whole. I guess the minute marks. But the minute marks are done they're like hearts. <SEP> And then the. At the numbers they're kind of outlined and stuff. It was quite bit of work. But it was a lot of fun too. I really like doing stuff like that. So. I did some needlepoint years ago. And then I got into the Bargello. What's that? <SEP> It's an Italian needlework using the. I started to say the canvas. But the. What kind of cloth uses that. I've just gone blank. But it's used with yarn. And it usually takes long stitches over two or three openings in the cloth. And you weave intricate patterns and use different colors. It could be a flame stitch where rather than drawing a picture you're making a design like a geometric or whatever. And it was used quite often in the colonial times to upholster chairs and so forth as well as the crewel embroidery work that was done on them. That's interesting. What kind of things did you do? <SEP> What I did when I was doing that was mostly pillows for sofas and so forth. And I can't find one that I've done. It's one of those things. I didn't give them away. But I didn't know if it's been my color choice or multiple moves or what. <SEP> And it. I was so proud of them when I got them finished. But I have no idea where they are. What did you call that? Bargello. It's B A R G E double L O. That's. I've never heard of that before. I've probably seen it though. <SEP> I suspect you have. When you described it. When you described it it sounded like something that would be around I guess. But I've never heard of it before. And it's really interesting. I guess I've decorated baskets and stuff before in the past. But I've kind of gotten out of that. I use to do a lot more and sell at craft shows. <SEP> Me too. That's interesting. It is. <SEP> How did you know to choose this subject tonight. That's funny. What. How did you. What kinds of decorations did you use with the bas-. How were you decorating the baskets? Basically bows and lace ribbons. I really wanted to do. So many of them now have the ribbons where I'm not sure how they do it. But the ribbons they make them they. I don't know how to explain it. They make them hard? <SEP> Like fabric that's been stiffened. I've never done that. And those are so neat. I would really like to do those. But. <SEP> I've seen some. And they. I suspect they're fairly simple because the one lady I've seen I know that does it I've never asked her any questions. But she has three kids all under the age of six. And they're all a handful. So it's got to be something she can do fairly easily and fairly quickly. <SEP> When I do crochet it's usually the lacy Victorian type things like that. And I stiffen those with a glue mixture. It's like white glue. And it may be something similar to that that the fabric is dipped in and then allowed to dry in those draping streamers. I don't know. <SEP> I was just. There's bound to be some kind of fabric stiffener like that that's very similar that's not going to melt too much with high humidity in a room. I think that's what my concern was was it really sure and how they would last. <SEP> Do you know what my concern is? How will I dust this thing? You're right. <SEP> That's terrible. That's true. That's funny. So many of my crafts. Right now I'm looking at a little quilted hanging. It's a flag. And I don't want to wash it because that would start breaking down the batting and so forth. But it's such a dust collector to be out and so forth. <SEP> And most of my things are dust collectors. And I hate to dust. I know. <SEP> So first thing I think of is how easy would this thing be to clean. That's funny. I do some. I have really gotten out of it. I don't do it quite as much as I used to. Because I went back to school. So I don't have as much time. <SEP> You don't have time. And I have two children also. You definitely don't have time. It keeps me very busy. But I really enjoy it when I do do it when I get the chance. It's really. It's so relaxing to just sit. But once I get started I can't put it down. I just. <SEP> I have a similar problem. I've got to have time. Or I don't even want to get into it in the first place. And so I end up lots of time not doing anything at all. I know. I started a project that I swore I was going to finish for somebody for Christmas. <SEP> You just didn't say which Christmas. That's what I keep telling this person. I didn't tell you what year. What was this project? It's cross stitch. And it's a picture. And it's a wildlife. It has deer and trees. And it's really beautiful. But it's going to be a lot of work. And I have worked on it quite a bit but not as much as I'd like to. It's just so hard. <SEP> This is done in the needlepoint? I should-. It's counted cross stitch actually is what I'm doing. And so since it's counted it's really a lot of work. I do know. <SEP> I have done a little bit of that. But I decided that that's something that demands my total attention. And so I've got to have almost total silence. I can't really watch television if the pattern is very intricate. It sounds like you'd have lots of shading on that particular piece. <SEP> It does not sound like an easy one to finish. It really isn't. And I tell you I could just kick myself for even starting it because I have a feeling I'm never going to get it done. I'm probably going to hear about it the rest of my life. <SEP> I'm sure you'll get it done. But it just may not of the original. Obviously not of the original time schedule. That's true. I just don't know when I'm ever. It just seems like there's just never enough time to pick it up and do it. It's just really hard. But I really do en-. Like I said I really enjoy it when I do. It's just hard. Just hard finding the time that can be dedicated. <SEP> And there's so many other things that I have done in the meantime like I said so many baby gifts. I've made a lot of bibs and wall hangings. And so those don't take much time at all. So it's no big deal for me to pick those up and do them. Do you use a book of patterns. Or do you go out an buy a kit for a bib or something like that. I usually just buy a pattern book. I have several pattern books. And I just go with those. <SEP> And then I buy the bibs separate. Usually I think it's a little bit cheaper in the long run. And then I just use whatever colors I want to. I don't usually use the colors they tell me to. And it depends on what it is. But some things especially letters if they suggest certain colors for letters I just go with whatever I want to. <SEP> That's what I would do too. Or whatever I have. There's a few designs I guess I've done myself but not very many. Real simple ones I do. I made a little thumb print and made it a bunny. <SEP> It was really easy. Just did a thumb print. What. With ink? <SEP> And then I didn't cross stitch the actual thumb print. That was just the ink. And then I made the ears and little eyes and nose and mouth. That was so simple. That sounds really neat. It didn't take anything at all. <SEP> Did you use a stamp pad and ink. And then I just. So you. Just like being finger printed.
sw2436.txt:I haven't had too much of a chance to watch T V lately. So probably everything I going to say is kind of dated. <SEP> I can understand that. It's that time of the year. My wife and I just recently moved into our house. So we're spend a lot of time on the house and out in the yard and things. But. Like to keep up to date too. <SEP>. <SEP> I guess in the. Since I got out of college which was about five years ago my T V viewing started to tend more towards documentary news programs things like that. Something that's going to keep mu up to date. I've kind of gotten away from being a series watcher having to keep up to date with. I think when you're in college you have more of a regular schedule in terms of you can watch every week. <SEP> That makes a big difference. So. I used to. When my kids were real little and I was home I watched. Where I was home where I watched things on a more regular basis. But right now the last things I watched regularly was THIRTY SOMETHING when it first came out. <SEP> Did you all ever watch that? I started too and kind of worked away from that. <SEP> I have a hard time sticking with something on T V because it gets real aggravating if you miss it for a week or two. <SEP> You feel kind of left out. But. I know. But I tell you what. We're really strict with our kids about television. And one night couple weeks ago it was just happened that we were exhausted. And they wanted to watch. And we said we'll sit down. And we'll look at what you want to see. Let's just turn it on and see what's on. We could not find anything that had any kind of redeeming value in it. <SEP> I believe that. So it was prime time. It was seven thirty eight o'clock on a week night. And we have cable. And there wasn't anything on any channel. And the stuff that was on the networks A B C N B C C B S was. It was just dribble. <SEP> It wasn't even funny. That's right. It wasn't creative. It was the worst I've seen. I have not watched prime time week night T V in a real long time because I was shocked. <SEP> I know exactly how you feel. You know what I'm saying. <SEP> That's right. I when I first moved down here moved into the apartment and got cable and I guess I kind of became numb. Nothing surprised me any more seeing it on the T V. <SEP> And then all of a sudden I started paying attention to network T V again once in a while. Right now we don't have cable. <SEP> And it's surprising how much it's changed. The whole moral situation everything is just gone one whole complete direction different. And we don't have any kids yet. But I feel the same way. It's really tough to find something that's going to be good and interesting for the kids. Even cartoons. <SEP> You watch some of the cartoons. And kids aren't even going to understand half the humor that's in there. <SEP> It's. None of it's probably damaging lot of times. It's just a necessary evil. When our children were younger when they were four years old three years old five years old we just had Sesame Street. And that was about it. But now in order to seem humane and normal we do allow them to watch cartoons and stuff. <SEP> But it's just one of those things. You have to shut your eyes or not listen or something because those drive you crazy if you're in the room. But it's such a shame because it could be so good. That's right. I don't understand why the public puts up with it. Why the networks think that we enjoy that kind of stuff. <SEP> That's true. It's hard to believe that nobody can be any more creative than that. That can't be the problem. It must be the marketing pressures. And their demographic studies that they do that show that everybody's I Q has dropped dramatically or something. <SEP> I'm glad you said it. And I didn't have to. But that's the. I feel the exact same way. I sit and watch some shows. And I'm embarrassed for the people that are even involved in the show. I know. <SEP> Why do you do this to yourself? Why do you do this? I know. I'm trying to think if there's anything I do. I like stuff that's on Great Performances. And we used to watch mystery quite a bit and things like that. <SEP> Stuff that mostly on public T V. As a matter of fact when I was a kid my parents used to have. We had this rule in our house for every hour of regular T V that we watched we had to watch an hour of public T V. <SEP> There's an idea. That was just the rule. And if they saw us watching something. They'd say what did you see on WHAT'S NEW. Or there was some other. The children's program at the time was called WHAT'S NEW. So we had to give a little oral report before we could watch our program. <SEP> That's pretty good. Do you watch sports on T V? Are you a sports fan? I can't handle it very long. <SEP> I'm a sports fan. But it's kind of like reading magazines any more. If half of the time wasn't spent watching commercials it probably wouldn't be so bad. But it's. You're missing an awful lot. <SEP> I'd personally rather see a game on T V than fight the crowds at the stadium. But I don't sit down. That's true. The traffic. <SEP> I'll sit down for the big games the Super Bowl and the championship things like that. But I don't follow any team. <SEP> I check the scores the next morning. And I know how everybody's doing. And that suffices me. But I like good humor once in a while. I enjoy that. But do you get that come-. <SEP> You don't have cable now. I was going to say they have a comedy channel now. But again you're in a situation where you're watching mostly commercials. And then you're trying to pass the time to wait until the next comedian comes up. You know what I did. There was a time there where I could tape things. And then I'd fast forward through the commercials. <SEP> Saved a lot of time that way. It works. You bet. But that takes too much planning. <SEP> I don't know. If there's any series that I pay attention to I try to watch CHEERS once in a while. That is that still real good. It used to be real good. But. It is. Is it. <SEP> In fact I think it's on tonight. I just got in from outside. So I. <SEP> So I'm kind of out of it. Things like that. And I consider that fairly intelligent humor. <SEP> You can tell. They pick up the words every once in a while. Isn't it such a long running program. They do have good writers for that. That makes me think. Do you watch SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE at all? <SEP> I try to. We try to stay up too. It's getting harder and harder. Ten years ago wasn't so hard to stay up. <SEP> It was just automatic too. No matter where you were you stopped and sat down and watched it. I think it's come around again. It's gone through cycles. It was. We stopped watching for a couple of years in the middle there. But we started watching again. But it's real different show than it was when it started. <SEP> It's funny now. And it's better. But it's real different than what it used to be. That's right. <SEP> That's right. But you can't be outrageous. If you keep that same format. There's only so long that you can be outrageous. So. <SEP> That's for sure that is for sure. I guess there are a few things around still. But. But you have to hunt hard for them. Sounds like you pretty much agree. I guess so. <SEP>. Been good talking to you. Good talking to you. <SEP> Take care. You too.
