6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too too too hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women women women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most most most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in Asia called called called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons and and and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck truck truck. Yeah, real good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to to to do with golf shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man man man on the phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing marketing marketing Innovation for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I I I know Don that you have a lot of product not just in the Gulf Gulf Gulf side, but true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse lacrosse lacrosse. Am I am I correct on all this before? Before we get going going going. Yeah, that is correct. So true Sports, so we were formerly known as True True True Timber Sports until about the middle of last year and then you know, know, know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are are are all branded true. So it made sense for the parent company recalled to sports sports sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were really just our golf golf golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand nine nine nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast been a a a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view you've gone gone gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not been on the the the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few ways ready to to to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back back back to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two games away away away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would would would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with a knife would successfully successfully successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports events from history history history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen Listen Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals quarterfinals quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the the the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some reason he he he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a little bit bit bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going going going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping them them them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've opened opened opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from a listener, listener, listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the question question question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept swept swept that is this If is this the quad point is this or we getting getting getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of a a a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a a a chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I it's been nagging us us us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough enough enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time time time before structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think think think I think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to to to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong wrong wrong. I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise exercise exercise on the show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm I'm I'm a huge advocate of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, raw, raw, but there's not too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've we've we've got a great how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you you you can buy. It's like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're we're we're big on engagement games or big on training, but we're really big as as as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most most most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies Ladies Ladies and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, cats, cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster Faster Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is someone someone someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium Odium Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth forth forth. I'm trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk talk talk about beating a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife wife wife. It's because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here here here water pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how how how we're going to start this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was was was dank. We we just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass bitch-ass bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised advised advised this episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may may may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969 1969 1969. It was a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain rain rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich oxygen-rich oxygen-rich water. It was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler angler angler stood in the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled traveled traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something something something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this this this episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a a a huge part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually actually actually going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We We We are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages messages messages. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor anchor anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you you you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends friends friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that that that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where where where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of going going going from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around around around the ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six six six years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to to to go through and learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of of of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real real real life. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been been been told I have read that back in the day a massive School of of of sardines underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines sardines sardines was powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its its its tracks and push it the other way tile friends. If you want to change change change for better in this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people people people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next podcast podcast podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active Navajo may may may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on that hair Chirac Chirac Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a total total total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial trial trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with self-discovery self-discovery self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series were a child with with with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families. I'll be your your your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and follow me on Instagram Instagram Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and follow as well well well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you miss a week Weak Weak Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you subscribe that you shared shared shared this video this episode to your friends your family to anyone who has a need need need to listen send it to them and I'll be more than happy to send send send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast. Hey guys, guys, guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast. This This This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving up Perfection Perfection Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I I I think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are are are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every every every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look like like like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're they're they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna gonna gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast. Well, actually it's it's it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app that allows you you you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea. They've got all all all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need including music to help help help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone or computer download download download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to get started. In this this this episode we look at very simple things. You can do in 5 minutes per day day day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your your your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for for for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since since since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today today today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have have have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send send send him send him off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? handwritten handwritten Thank you note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I I I love them a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple do do do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things you you you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian. You You You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is free and and and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You can record on the the the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel far distances, you can record record record while on the road you don't have to do it at home and it's it's it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads all all all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got got got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for for for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of of of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where where where we talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of of of two heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who who who are blind and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than than than 100 years ago. Helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or or or hear her world was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but but but they couldn't figure out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we we we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes Yes Yes that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have we we we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because It's It's It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya but the the the the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of of of March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video games games games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables and satellites satellites satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As always. I'm Paula Paula Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the copy but what my my my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter in the the the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to chase you you you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again for yeah yeah yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber chamber chamber the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as he he he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of rain rain rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of a a a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you shall shall shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers of of of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will be devoured devoured devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words now his sin sin sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank Thank Thank you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We We We hope you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to to to our podcast that will really help us out especially here in the the the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking talking talking about some stories going to get you, you know a feel for what we're we're we're going to be doing with this. We hope you like it. Also a a a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you so much for the software that that that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think think think we're on the right track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the the the moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying to figure figure figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's best for your ear ear ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor anchor anchor the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free free free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your your your phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service service service you can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place place place just on their app. So guys go download the free anchor app or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks bricks bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we we we out here recording just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today today today. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London London London City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win the the the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals and more more more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's that's that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show show show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But But But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm just just just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this weekend and I I I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first game and and and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick quick quick minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about about about anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let let let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can can can also make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge huge huge you guys it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back back back to the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a a a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus plus plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can can can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening listening listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so so so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify Spotify Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So So So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily daily daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John John John. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find find find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get get get cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take this opportunity opportunity opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I have have have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't stay stay stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my journey. It's become evident evident evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become reformers. These are my my my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's today's today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going to talk about Prosperity today today today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and I am ready ready ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop who has just just just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you follow me at at at all then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that she was was was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she did it. We We We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be brought to to to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do do do with uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind kind kind of complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us us us and we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot dot dot f m which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's It's It's got creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be be be heard on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners listeners listeners a month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that that that and I think it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload upload upload your podcast and do not get you money in the process. So it's everything that that that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the the the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of of of the 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were were were talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast beast beast on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have Koozies in in in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies know send send send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I stole that from from from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know make make make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also I I I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they they they also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it. I dig dig dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's it may it it it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just know that when we we we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could steal the most most most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and and and we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well well well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live live live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and everyone everyone everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves ourselves ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to to to look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you you you listen to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of of of who we are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my my my God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific specific specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll go first first first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also also also known as polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where where where we read through Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the the the question. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts podcasts podcasts. He said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast fast fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long was was was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this this this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book book book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover cover cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- s-- s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for season season season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a a a sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend weekend weekend. How is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed refreshed refreshed ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it was like like like we're about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I I I woke up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I I I set my alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like like like a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa, we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal Montreal Montreal. I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are good good good for real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys guys guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and and and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has has has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right right right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you can can can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium premium premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't haven't haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily daily daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a follow follow follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got got got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 647 what I wish wish wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer trainer trainer podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this this this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle muscle muscle gain, essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that that that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael Michael Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one minute minute minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit of a new new new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around the the the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly to to to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll I'll I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all you you you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's up, y'all? y'all y'all Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people watching watching watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on on on your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music music music. I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old patient patient patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die in in in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today and and and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion discretion discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're discussing discussing discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later nicknamed the Angel Angel Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's 's 's I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing doing doing some live training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the the the power of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places places places at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this this this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, that, that, I want to give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've I've I've been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on on on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will enter them into a draw draw draw to win a little little gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine divine divine spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am am am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and and and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories stories stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human human human experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and and and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I I I am back. So it has been about a month since my last episode episode episode but I went off to have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the the the basement on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance chance chance to skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The The The top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive Drive Drive. I put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off off off too fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear fear fear cruelly assemble a rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working working working on make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I I I don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my my my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes notes notes. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me me me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did Did Did we just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you you you create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get get get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a a a good escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all all all you see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm I'm I'm here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and advices advices advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in in in the industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today Today Today I'll be talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it it it my Korean Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and and and listening to my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing doing doing a podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had had had to do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to to to you by anchor if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that that that we use to make all of our podcasts and it is the easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me just break it down for you guys real real real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with with with all kinds of creation tools so that you can record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so so so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you you you want to put it you can make money from your podcast right out out out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, which which which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast all in in in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box and and and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay. I I I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that and then fucking a hundred hundred hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on on on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a a a stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think think think my uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? secret secret Welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I I I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of solely if if if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to to to hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series series series famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous famous famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it it it that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not certain certain certain any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus chrysippus chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about my son son son phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for three three three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees from from from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally found someone someone someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think anyone could ever ruin ruin ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have have have been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Kevin Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was just some boring guy Rani Rani Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take take take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm I'm I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today we're here here here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our conversation on stereotypes stereotypes stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st. Francis. Okay. And so I I I guess the first question is have you ever I guess experience like a stereotype at least least least a racial one. And if so, what was it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about about about anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain. It's It's It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a creation creation creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we we we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for for for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and and and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started started started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back back back to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, music, music, but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other other other podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, no, no, it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I I I want. To another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, Yes, Yes, that's next time. You complain about me saying no many you do the intro intro intro after that couch. All right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the the the entire show you how it's done, right? You know you want okay do it it it. You know you already did the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have have have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't can't can't wait to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like like like wow, this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one one one of those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in in in one that we're going to get into but I know that it was a good good good movie because I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a a a lot to talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my my my okay now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody everybody everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sorry sorry sitting across from me is my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank thank thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about about about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast podcast podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account account account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a a a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you you you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends friends friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever wherever wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too too too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you you you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or or or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow follow follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice advice advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 45 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding nerding nerding out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort of of of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds who offer offer offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and side-by-side comparison that that that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody everybody everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love love love free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so so so that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your your your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot dot dot. F m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast for for for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey journey journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't forget to to to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back in in in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency proficiency proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already talked talked talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you you you grunting as we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life life life. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm and you fall fall fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making love my breath breath breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath of Life Life Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than the the the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really really really appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in in in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is is is something we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need need need to talk about it more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage passage passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 1 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his his his brother John and led them up a high mountain where they could be alone alone alone. There in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome Welcome Welcome back today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You You You just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah Yeah Yeah. I knew you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into into into this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a a a situation where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain drain drain they are available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We We We discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World World World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We We We were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings feelings feelings about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes scenes scenes 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some some some announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, So, So, please feel free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard wizard wizard team on Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a a a few extra guy in flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and and and I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for listening by by by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a few few few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get their podcast podcast podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do do do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast, podcast, podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank Thank Thank you to those of you that have been doing that by the way, keep keep keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you you you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this this this so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard heard heard of so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening listening listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in in in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it. All right right right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm Jon Jon Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay again, again, again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I I I play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can can can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure procedure procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven and and and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus goes goes goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It It It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so I I I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me me me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this this this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross albatross albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot lot lot of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and and and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, but but but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game game game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game game game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove drove drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then then then came back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do do do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more more more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode episode episode 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is is is actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see see see which is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast toast toast. Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of of of age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's health health health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really cold down down down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the podcast Studio at at at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited and looking looking looking forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our our our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome welcome welcome you to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today. We'll We'll We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone everyone everyone in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast coast coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But this this this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting your your your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's free free free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools that allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's It's It's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight different different different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and and and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to to to make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in a a a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that that that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we did promise promise promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it it it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike Mike Mike as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? you you I am also fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure sure sure the world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and and and we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who who who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm I'm I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did actually say it to to to Mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very very very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front of my my my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And again, again, again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp on on on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights lights lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than than than traumatizing me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great shift. The The The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement in my my my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is is is Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode and and and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on this episode, I'm I'm I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm trying trying trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of film film film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way to put put put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about in the past past past I talked about in the last episode that I really am a big fan of of of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the ones with with with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the PSA PSA PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what I got, got, got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never never never have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your your your fling flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this this this is to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh Oh Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise known known known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's your name name name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino tables tables tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They call me me me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like like like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get get get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as as as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay stage and and and screen if you wish and there you go you are without electricity electricity electricity today. So we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know you're you're you're working on battery power over there. So I have a good signal and I have have have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad bad bad reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond diamond diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none none none of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News News News Daily that these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are are are a few common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials Millennials Millennials change jobs after one year one myth that some might not know or or or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from job to job because we're we're we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees employees employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me me me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings seedings seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created created created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the the the community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the the the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance enhance enhance and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller reseller reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all all all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are going going going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with the the the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again for for for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I I I want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American American American English teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers speakers speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey jockey jockey it those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back back back with my favorite podcast. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you you you are very distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo carajo carajo the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career career career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies bodies bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did did did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, Friday, Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels feels feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on spring spring spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses. So So So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your clinical group, group, group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them or tell them them them to contact me so I can send them the link. This is important information that that that I want all of you to have. It's going to be even more important important important than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good communication with with with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get in the habit habit habit of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have have have a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and then then then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2. So So So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really good good good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope you really enjoy enjoy enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for the podcast and and and you'd like to come on please to give me a message because I'd love to to to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death death death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to be be be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to to to exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality personality personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your host host host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the Podcast Podcast Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and and and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need them. And I I I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's month's month's episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director director director at swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth Plymouth Plymouth some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is is is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize apologize apologize for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted wanted wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new way to to to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as you know, know, know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted and approved approved approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, we presented our budget budget budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has not yet yet yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made to our budget budget budget up to this point. This is a positive step for the department and helps helps helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps will be for the legislature legislature legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode episode episode. We've selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them them them with additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's There's There's a wide variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with with with but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early early early morning Darkness desperate not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following following following them day and night. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time time time in his life alone. Oh long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to to to the ground known to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the the the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is an American American American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic Universe Universe Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to to to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking talking talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took took took a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I I I was currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't wasn't wasn't expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on on on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older older older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best the the the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and place where where where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard out out out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change it up because because because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the pics were were were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out of the money money money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You better give give give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I I I have Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out out out and ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And And And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a because we we we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering for your weekly slap slap slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T T T show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we we we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning tuning tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video and podcast right after Luke Luke Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on the Pelicans now that got me me me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports card market and Luke advantages advantages advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is right. Now that people people people can go out and buy based on what his base prism PSA tests. We going going going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and and and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to to to work on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an an an hour a day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be be be directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now now now our work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things things things. Sometimes it's color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about about about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk talk talk about color from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop Stop Stop Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news news news coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy Legacy Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to to to say folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out out out because that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was was was trying to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that that that he Fumbled it. We this is a this is a one-take show. So if if if there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in the first three three three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you you you get anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient convenient convenient anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's that's that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys boys boys and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but but but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few few few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And And And this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is is is the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole whole whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week the the the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up. And yeah, yeah, yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby baby baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive defensive defensive listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Minister Minister Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been been been taking him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car car car door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the the the Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But his captors captors captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off off off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded blindfolded blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with with with the body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, alright, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate shaking like like like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, you drop drop drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked about about about today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna say say say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen listen listen. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to to to 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you you you Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each each each Olympics. Do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, Now, Now, if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would would would have noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already already already had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Matt Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind kind kind of continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera Camera Camera. Joining us and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives gives gives this to us as a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of of of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So your your your mom you're a loving wife and you've been here. I hope for a long time time time. So you've obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So So So you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric pediatric pediatric elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur occur occur in older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with with with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment treatment treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an an an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up up up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio ratio ratio is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And And And these are very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism mechanism mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand hand hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy healthy healthy. Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to to to introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a a a board certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you you you about 40 50 patients a day and the office I'll still go to the the the hospital and usually have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including including including ICU and critical heal patients. So literally my patients have been very worried about the the the core virus and to be honest who is not been worried about this this this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the the the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uses uses uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's it's it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask Ask Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name for this? this this We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and additional content content content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is something something something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform for for for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There are tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone. Or Or Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone and and and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast for for for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point. So So So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a a a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're you're you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? mentor mentor Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began began began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to to to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the the the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is a a a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted to bring bring bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways to optimize fueling to lose lose lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't feel qualified to to to talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen has a wealth of of of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having having having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a mom of two boys ages ages ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and days days days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called Snodgrass Snodgrass Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals to his his his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it going? There? There There It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can hear hear hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight we welcome on on on a very very special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl homegirl homegirl my boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl girl girl. Hey, what's good? It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what do do do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, um, um, I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists herbalists herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you you you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself. I make make make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of making medicine to to to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you you you doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you you you want to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock stock stock boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids kids kids come back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the the the where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about about about house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep Yep Yep. And then I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is is is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm I'm I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many times by these these these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still still still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm I'm I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me me me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the big big big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in in in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way way way people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the the the u.s. Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on on on Spotify. Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion discretion discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 20th, 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were were were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, again, again, and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting getting getting started the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now now now I'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own own own Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing finishing finishing this podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you will will will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd like like like to see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash slash slash classes click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon coupon coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% 20% 20% on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether this this this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so much much much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me is the the the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse me me me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is. It's a a a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we talked to folks folks folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So So So yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension suspension suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head on over over over to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday yesterday yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an an an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday was was was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us the the the cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, that's kind kind kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain pain pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't lose brain cells last night happy happy happy to you, right cause like that sure was it was if you didn't lose brain brain brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record record record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question question question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all have have have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to live my question to to to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people would say say say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's It's It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't have have have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the the the go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life life life saving. Once upon a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin Martin Martin. He had received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he he he booked his ticket but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong Kong Kong International Airport. As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved reserved reserved his preferred seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the the the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry who who who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a a a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this this this world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here here here today with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've I've I've never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your your your last name right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your your your business name? And yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy Mommy Mommy said my business name is starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also also also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our our our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat sat sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what makes makes makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international women's women's women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode. We We We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group Jackie Jackie Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them being in in in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie at at at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of TV talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video video video new gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a a a super show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just just just they stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland Oseland Oseland and tree and to my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden Bowden Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In In In. Okay, let's start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First First First of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world world world. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other other other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of of of any number two. And before we get going we want to give a big big big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier enhance enhance enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over over over to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training gloves gloves gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the glove glove glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly weekly weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your a a a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill fulfill fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We We We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and your your your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now have official clarification from our our our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the six-year rule in the the the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when you enroll as as as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the the the time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In In In fact, even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially essentially essentially energy because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and and and tighten cells into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They They They are Energies. They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your Your Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The The The run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform transform transform your training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches coaches coaches and athletes the questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will will will get the inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be be be. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get get get so fast well, This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive dive dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain gain gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background background background in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already already already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have been been been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they all all all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports sports sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that that that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening listening listening to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports take take take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, we've got got got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing managing managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund fund fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over 40 cohort company since it launched launched launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a a a Lisa Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a a a host and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer astrologer astrologer. She is the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a a a third. She's basically like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like like like if I'm gonna bring you guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the the the hottest fire dope lady fire you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast podcast podcast stars like us that I just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable unbelievable unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and and and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side side side and brush the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its Its Its heroines week and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose Whose Whose hard work helped black women all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before before before she was Madame CJ Walker, she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was was was born in 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed feed feed herself and her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today today today. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a a a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire Inspire Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for for for many years. Now. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or or or did it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 6 6 and yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and and and yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all y'all y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, Matthew, Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If If If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets the the the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let me introduce introduce introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work work work on this entry. We need to do something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all Y'all Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I I I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still on our demonic Church teaching series series series and we have covered quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard heard heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free free free and there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around around around hassle-free. And once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, podcasts, podcasts, so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and and and just sharing your Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you you you may know me as tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to to to navigate an Excel as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics physics physics because we know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon Brandon Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in in in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going going going to be about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk talk talk a little bit about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the the the basics before we get any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily necessarily necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views views views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan former A&R A&R A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us 40 40 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, tricks, tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R their their their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how how how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and and and ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is is is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are looking looking looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us out at at at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Warner Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So So So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm I'm I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today. Today. We're We're We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk about Pixar Animation Animation Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with me a first-hand animator animator animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi to everybody look guys guys guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get him on on on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew always talk talk talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, the perfect category to kind kind kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick Quick Quick five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me me me for a while have been following me on the internet out there in the social social social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps everything everything everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not skipping a a a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you plan on on on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need need need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good good good score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the the the Houston Rockets just a waste of time of us trying to win so so so we can get a higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get get get the first but anyway, it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back back back on us besides the point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops tops tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold one of of of them for a hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now Now Now I had this card for $125 for the longest time and I I I took it off because I was afraid that of exactly this and something that that that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast podcast podcast. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please Please Please head over to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and and and browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go go go to our patreon page and see what how you can support us monthly. We We We love bringing you awesome content just as much As you like listening to it enjoy enjoy enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking walking walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into into into in the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in in in and we look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you you you so much for tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods woods woods with EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each one one one of these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different different different different guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going going going to be going to be helping out and joining us the first of of of which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What What What was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just here here here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a a a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for for for free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to to to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for for for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no no no minimum listenership. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This isn't isn't isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably probably probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now Now Now if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's he's he's staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it it it just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the the the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make make make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't make make make sense to me for this man the go out and play for another team team team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get get get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to to to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk talk talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make make make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the the the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your your your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about about about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download download download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get get get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to to to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the sense of an an an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look into it understand understand understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam Adam Adam. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough free agency agency agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we should should should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting podcast podcast podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We did did did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we we we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop scoop scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really really really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but but but it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one one one three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? fans fans How are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I I I think that all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of of of like an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show show show you the current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard heard heard. It's out of order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It It It is ruining your life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do do do. Wait. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are are are you like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big big big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how how how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the the the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too too too many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and and and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f f f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is is is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go go go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off off off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a a a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are are are going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you and and and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing thing thing because you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode episode episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear tear tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s 80s 80s film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso Alonso Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he he he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing Crossing Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons today Sergio Sergio Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk about all the the the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a very special special special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at at at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing pretty awesome awesome awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, it's it's it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot of news and then then then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the album's and and and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say thank thank thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going to focus focus focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close to my heart heart heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you know my needed to you you you know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people people people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Luke Luke Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say thank thank thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on Instagram Instagram Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So thank you you you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League action action action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story of of of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing loss loss loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against walk further team team team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media media media a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights insights insights experimentation and learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome Welcome Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're we're we're working on a brand new 10 times version of the science of social media media media. We can't wait to share it with you in just a few weeks. In the the the meantime. We wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one one one of the most essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere everywhere everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you you you the tools to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional devotional devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with. Hope Hope Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in 2nd Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 today 2nd 2nd 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if the tent that is our our our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God a house not made made made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent we groan groan groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on we may may may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to to to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record record record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred hundred hundred percent free and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and and and edit your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record record record with friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a a a podcast and many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before Before Before I start this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if if if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only only only going through the left here. I want to believe because that's just the way way way my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we we we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their their their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers for on on on here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate rate rate and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more more more teachers gears. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who who who is has used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a a a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page page page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and her students students students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like, when when when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so I knew knew knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are are are you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even even even happier. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict conflict conflict of interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns interns interns who do that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is is is looking into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna gonna gonna take a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what what what you're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell tell tell me cow ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right right right down the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm midterm midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom Phenom Phenom. I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a book book book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls halls halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Francisco Francisco Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the the the Jack Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an an an amazing person with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your your your team. It's all about the people you put together. I want to take advantage advantage advantage of this to share with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's Lucky's Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you you you guys are all phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and where where where we were going. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part part part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming coming coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life. I I I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so so so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should should should be making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I I I would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug Doug Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a a a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in in in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check check check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed to NAB ourselves a a a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're you're you're listening to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you you you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this is is is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking beginning beginning beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or obey obey obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a drink because because because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record record record my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I I I absolutely love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will will will even distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on On On On Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can even make money from your podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place. All you have to do is download the free anchor app or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. I got a question about about about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard about about about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you haven't haven't haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will elaborate elaborate elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My computer's computer's computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone. In addition addition addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many more dude dude dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make money from your your your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had had had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast podcast podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night night night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little little little circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is is is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Brooklyn Brooklyn Bridge is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big big big river and it's beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each each each year and take pictures of it. And one of the main people who who who helped build that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John Hopkins database database database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven cases worldwide worldwide worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United United United States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases cases cases confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had had had any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia Anastasia Anastasia from our villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end end end of the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside inside inside and outside the criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free free free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River River River North of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America America America singsing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst worst worst many of them were there for Life others for death by that time. The electric electric electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right right right here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that that that people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they they they learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly importantly importantly meaningful given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in in in this episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly exactly exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather weather weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit hit hit and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am not used to this. How'd How'd How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself yourself yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's that's that's been in the making for God knows how long don't you just just just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about about about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most most most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True True True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from some of of of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness Madness Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original original original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of of of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious notorious notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and and and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to be be be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things were were were very different in regards to how people lived. So most people in England lived and and and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich rich rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a a a constant struggle to survive and live tended to be very short for so for for for those people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as as as low as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village village village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of of of Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name name name is Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so so so I actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as as as the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said said said that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a a a little heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people people people have had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State State State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few months months months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool cool cool. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, So, So, my name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having having having the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there there there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the the the toffee Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm I'm I'm you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on on on to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch and and and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as as as we always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may see see see that I've barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your your your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools tools tools you need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream dream dream life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you you you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over the the the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share my my my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into my my my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your your your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is Is Is he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood mood mood about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo Toledo Toledo. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house and either either either places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out out out of his open hand and brings it out and then D is high up. Now Now Now I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira want to to to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction the the the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which which which means to pick something up from a place of rest then to is traversing which which which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or in Russia Russia Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm Joe Joe Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I just just just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I I I work on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I I I just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have have have more energy. So that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast podcast podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I I I needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast podcast podcast producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor because because because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also free free free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer and and and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can make make make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You You You can make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a a a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are are are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I I I like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or or or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was was was the second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so I I I got to talk about a lot of things on this show and I I I had I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot lot lot of different things and we kind of went through a couple topics one was his his his little brother Greg just want his fifth State title High School in New York York York. And so we talked a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all all all my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into into into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like like like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of like like like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all all all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where like, I'm not not not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's there's there's like a mirror right across from my back to our it was like like like a glass shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room room room more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank Thank Thank you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you you you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came came came visiting for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in in in order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things things things by yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you you you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's there's there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, yourself, yourself, but me how far now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going going going to flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter daughter daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any any any worse, no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick brick brick of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series series series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of of of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen listen listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion discretion discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent violent violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the the the podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht neht neht and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked asked asked whether technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider consider consider what the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this this this Gus whether or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and and and revealing insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou Christodoulou Christodoulou. Daisy will be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and and and the author of a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director director director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the fucking fucking fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is about about about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology and and and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D D D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a a a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News News News Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for for for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her her her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that that that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that she she she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron where she she she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out out out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states that that that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has financed her her her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in in in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content content content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want want want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to do do do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just just just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that that that guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and and and Mark. I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Marc Marc Murphy. And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler Tyler Tyler your part-time host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New New New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab lab lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We We We first met but it was there be but it was there. We took the we just just just say major so we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by by by each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree tree tree planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of her her her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation practice practice practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who who who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree planting planting planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings seedlings seedlings in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences experiences experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to to to shed light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel shovel shovel in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting planting planting as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever wherever wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the the the podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should should should not drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into into into e-commerce or build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different different different levels of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the the the right products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the highest highest highest one, right? What type of products do you want to sell and after you you you lock? Didn't you want to move to the supplier level and make sure that that that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually want to work with if you want want want to make money doing this and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what what what I'm going to share with you in this podcast is what to look for at all all all three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to build build build one of these stores and actually build a real business now before we get into into into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple simple simple for you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to to to produce results from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to to to burn more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real real real time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain overtrain overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life out out out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with with with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach Zach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to to to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble trouble trouble falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the the the word of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And And And so as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It It It Be an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like like like this. Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, work, work, right if you text K out there, how dare you I thought we we we weren't using the word Crazy Light it on fire watch it there and we're we're we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came came came up with this list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should should should I sit on this couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love love love friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon soon soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and and and I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed supposed supposed to introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy spicy spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to to to start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back back back. Everyone to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the the the American Collegiate raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we we we have one of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot hot hot somatic. Yo, it's your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was was was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD UCSD UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in in in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you you you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior knowledge knowledge knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible irresponsible irresponsible and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast podcast podcast we are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a a a special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 40 40 minutes ago, but I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director director director my I mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to to to but to be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked walked walked in and he told me on the spot that it was going to be on on on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let let let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day. My My My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60 60 60. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's it's it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM CM CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard standard standard time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, world, world, you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We We We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, we're we're we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful successful successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create create create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward forward forward slash create. Well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and I think think think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional as as as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by by by other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so say say say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're We're We're here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster gangster gangster from Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing Doing Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing thing thing right for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, scenario, scenario, but I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah Yeah Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like like like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out because I I I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space space space docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be be be covering all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting Technologies Technologies Technologies or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about about about right from the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to to to the latest news on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the the the moon. So if like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date up-to-date up-to-date with all that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult consumption consumption consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi Takashi Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All All All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the the the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit to to to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I started talking talking talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of of of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead lead lead a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure lure lure party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite favorite favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring two two two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for for for BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make it this this this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're you're you're here. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because because because today is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely absolutely absolutely dying to release this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood motherhood motherhood and man. There are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you you you guys to hear it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do do do recommend. Going back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do do do think that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the the the way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more more more like valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is all all all about her life as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as as as a young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing brushing brushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside inside inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day day day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a a a pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were were were Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born born born in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have have have them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino Filipino Filipino can be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Chase Chase Smith. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and and and hello. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re re re free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day day day tiring long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that that that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog Tagalog Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are are are so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the the the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to the the the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that would would would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if technically they're they're they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at the points points points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the the the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers beat the Carolina Carolina Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and the topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and and and I got an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for for for is probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been been been coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got a a a couple of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets his his his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends kind kind kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told him him him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast podcast podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is is is not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin Martin Martin. Hey, what's up, and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in in in I everything about what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and and and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a draugr my I love saying among. I know know know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff stuff stuff to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to to to get to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with with with Quote unquote electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs playoffs playoffs. This is the first time they're going to throw it in used at least that that that we know of so read a little article about this AQ and we we we were just talking about this before we went live here. They've apparently used this this this puck in a couple games during the regular season without telling the teams or players players players that they were using it. They've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout throughout throughout the league the practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally generally generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about about about anchor which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard heard heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free free free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be be be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Laguna Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your host host host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi Heidi Heidi like so excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and and and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a a a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using using using anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you you you everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from your your your phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app app app to record and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money up up up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There There There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money buying buying buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Marcos Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you need need need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and and and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to to to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes dishes dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts today today today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever ever ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I I I wrote about all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was was was taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He He He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing convincing convincing proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 40 40 days and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible possible possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually actually actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each each each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a a a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software software software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to to to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or or or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with with with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about about about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to to to hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called called called before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up up up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the the the field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my my my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just what what what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how how how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you you you know, same old same old. I need to start this though with a bit bit bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record record record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the the the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such as Spotify and apple apple apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in in in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend. Hello Hello Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once Once Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap soap soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron Iron Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and and and iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I I I am so in love with and so grateful that I made the connection connection connection with Avi, and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for for for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the the the first time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and and and we're going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of of of diamonds miss any Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, No, No, I think you have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on on on speed dog? We talk to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we we we can't call him. Oh, that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in in in acres of diamonds. If you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with with with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming assuming assuming you can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer answer answer right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler Whistler Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the the the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this this this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, Also, Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that that that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let Let Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello Hello Hello. I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today today today. We're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs drugs drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that that that at one point or another they have had some experience where they thought they heard heard heard a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led them them them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central Central Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors seniors seniors who were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum cum cum laude at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately approximately approximately four hundred and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today today today. We have a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George George George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do do do is state your name and the activities you've been involved with at Central Central Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson Wilson Wilson and I'm involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with with with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the the the last few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as as as of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And And And this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected affected affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor of Washington Washington Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in in in the US. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We We We just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to make a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to to to do this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody everybody everybody. We just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a a a full podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive Olive Olive baseball and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to to to the Star Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning morning morning afternoon or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Star Star Wars sessions come for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name name name is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever ever ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts cam and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Ohio Ohio Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop pop pop culture. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider Schneider Schneider to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch watch watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is is is there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that that that we have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah Yeah Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation creation creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your your your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and and and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make make make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta gotta gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need need need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on on on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get get get in the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode episode episode 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode episode episode alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out out out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic topic topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl goes psycho. So obviously obviously obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you have met and and and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day and we got got got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the video that that that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like talked about in in in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully not full of of of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out and Keen each other's cars and and and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode episode episode of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the basics basics basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own Cube. Each Each Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully like like like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm John John John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file file file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here here here to do? So essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this this this for this first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is right right right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have have have local bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is is is just yo boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back back back to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Boys Boys Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs dogs dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have have have chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support support support your right to see random things. I support my right to party and you always you you you got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it it it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I I I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Long Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational occupational occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her Bree also also also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate undergraduate undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division II II II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about not not not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going to dive into into into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations and she's had had had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face of some some some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human human human design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design design design expert and energetic alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business business business where it's not working so that it starts to work for you through human design design design and Alignment you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of of of course income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and and and business in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey Hey Hey guys, welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip lip lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are are are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday everyday everyday acts of life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten ten ten percent off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check check check out the link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored sponsored sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org dot-org dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection Resurrection Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen listen listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the the the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old old old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez over over over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San Jose Jose Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as it seemed after after after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin just like like like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong. The drugs burned burned burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began to hallucinate hallucinate hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth fifth fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December December December quarter, which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus hit we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This This This means that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than than than the 0.4% that economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at at at the economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was was was correct. However, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due due due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the the the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since since since I stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just just just kind of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are are are really great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and and and do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen kitchen kitchen or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey Hey Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the the the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're We're We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month month month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share share share your story advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in in in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your your your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up up up. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny Danny Danny today's episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't doesn't doesn't it? Does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks weeks weeks. I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing sharing sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's It's It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to to to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are too too too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as as as an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your your your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always always always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying to to to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is it it it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to to to feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is is is it that you want to feel less stress is it that you want to to to sleep better? You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving craving craving and notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of of of meditation notice when those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing bringing bringing you episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down down down with inspiring individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast podcast podcast rid of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by by by many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads reads reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a a a Jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal personal personal development? Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at at at least the ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that that that are In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that that that I've read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you you you guys a pretty good list and I did a version of this a long time time time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these onto the the the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just just just have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to do but but but I will get to this but if you hear me say something and you didn't didn't didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact that that that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it and and and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really really really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to be doing doing doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the the the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to to to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website website website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He He He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone everyone everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of of of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of Malaysia Malaysia Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have have have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these these these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We We We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups cover-ups cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 2014 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk talk talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Show Show Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and and and we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we we we will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's yall's yall's first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz is an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this this this is of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should should should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce introduce introduce myself. Only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV TV TV fan and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but but but me Christine be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and and and everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't don't don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts amounts amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All All All right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never never never listened to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of TV talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show show show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're We're We're here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know know know how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over here by myself myself myself on the team married side, but to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may have have have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a Draconian a a a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien. Welcome to to to aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien and and and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show this time time time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, you you you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah Yeah Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for for for this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to to to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have my fun fun fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's that's that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or or or two kitchen. You're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when when when we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that documents documents documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers the the the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians musicians musicians about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at at at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class consequence podcast podcast podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented presented presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the the the very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November November November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear hear hear a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience audience audience as well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and and and an interview with somebody on our crew and I should mention this room was very big big big very bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can be heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a a a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f m-- to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you you you for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl waterfowl waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we we we kind of do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you you you follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you you you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to to to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also also also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already already already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse browse browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll catch catch catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode episode episode you guys first official episode. Yes are the trailer is up on on on a few a few sites, but it's the first full one so welcome welcome welcome and I have a mic this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking talking talking on a cell phone, you know across the world. So we're professional now, but she was was was not doing that. It just was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would would would have loved to be halfway around the world, but that's a story for another time time time. So you're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you. I'll be be be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits of of of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope There are are are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning to to to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Lisa Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading serenading serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to be reading reading reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and and and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect aspect aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of you to to to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that I might dream dream dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear companion companion companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold you full full full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and and and we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no no no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing thing thing that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of podcast podcast podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual. I I I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we decided to throw our our our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe be groundbreaking groundbreaking groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel Daniel Daniel winter and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that that that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each each each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so so so each new day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll we'll we'll be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came came came from and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what what what would you do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to to to die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at at at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode episode episode of poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we we we use for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to to to use and I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something something something in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go into the the the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so so so flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool cool cool is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify Spotify Spotify you name it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have have have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like like like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to to to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just just just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies candies candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food food food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for for for today's episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different different different hustles and how most of you need to break out of the mold mold mold. So make sure to hit them up and leave a review to let us know know know what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're we're we're looking at some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile fragile fragile X syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats repeats repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on the long arm of of of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1. So So So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you you you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form. So please please please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the the the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7. Please Please Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the the the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's He's He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast Podcast Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks speaks speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes and and and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what what what you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on on on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the the the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian believe believe believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people are are are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often often often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for for for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach teach teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have have have a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God has has has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our community community community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I I I got a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all all all right. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really really really busy with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah Yeah Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants participants participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's that's that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal personal personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case case case on page Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the the the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and and and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in in in God Amy. Otto have but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota hota hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he he he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski Ski Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's free like like like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have to pay any money money money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that allow you to record and and and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer super simple super easy. You You You don't have to go to some studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where where where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one one one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 25 25 years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my my my passion for the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to to to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or or or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So So So today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll we'll we'll be considering opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really really really weird weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World World World Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I I I don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my my my predictions for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're We're We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode episode episode were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's team's team's loss in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar Escobar Escobar that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from from from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen listen listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes minutes minutes into Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in in in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast podcast podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts podcasts podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want to receive receive receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a part of of of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take a a a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of being being being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like to do this list list list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like your feedback. Is Is Is there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't listed here honest feedback feedback feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer to you. You You You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our podcast survey anonymously anonymously anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so much much much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while while while since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going going going to have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping flipping flipping for the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's that's that's significantly marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now now now onto the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave fantasy fantasy fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday morning morning morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest some some some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to talk talk talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I I I know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you you you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes athletes athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're they're they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your your your view of a player but we did learn some things some players had much better better better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest scandals scandals scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman was charged charged charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for personal personal personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting getting getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years years years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau bureau bureau had been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something no matter matter matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play play play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had had had I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and and and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be at at at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome awesome awesome insights on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned tuned tuned in with source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded recorded recorded. Quite some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like like like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't know exactly exactly exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So just just just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed subscribed subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat magic magic magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit with with with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the inside podcast. I'm I'm I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to help women all all all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in their lives lives lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about about about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most most most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring exploring exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected short short short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, Ideas, Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime Crime Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or or or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted posted posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys from the the the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we're doing doing doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said said said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but but but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this this this man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's He's He's having his location just a block away for over four years going it to the the the University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding holding holding fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding unfolding unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one one one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform platform platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode episode episode 5. I'm Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to to to talk about this week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no no no over the past week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden Harden Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it it it. We're going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins Redskins Redskins drafting them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good good good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, week, week, but it's great pests who week of sports the past week as far as as as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring a a a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let me just see see see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall that's got seating seating seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the child sunroom CH AR. LT o o o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, we are organizing a a a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping for at least a hundred hundred hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for work work work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a podcast. I'm I'm I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey Hey Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month ago ago ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We We We usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this this this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in the the the air on the way to Baltimore. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30 6:30 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, very very very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing normalizing normalizing what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to to to the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors authors authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled filled filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use our our our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially the the the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about about about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the the the app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend friend friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh my my my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? it it I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure that all all all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we do that on on on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you you you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with with with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if if if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do it it it. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England England England. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab grab grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll. My My My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only Ben Curry to to to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really. Weird Weird Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so so so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I I I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones tones tones at times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the the the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me in right? So So So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no no no need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this this this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and movement movement movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool. Hello, Hello, Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and she's she's she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our time together. And And And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey that led led led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what she likes about our our our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy cocktails cocktails cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch of of of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and you know know know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm gonna see see see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with a little little little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a normal voice one one one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm I'm I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess we're we're we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the the the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining entertaining entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to to to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay okay okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time time time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now now now. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious hilarious hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names names names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean mean mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is is is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Cricket Cricket Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you you you so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You You You inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go go go check out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are are are as a church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity to to to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco something in uncertain uncertain uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe we are are are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to be be be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise advise advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night night night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson a a a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street weighed down down down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha Aloha Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found found found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call call call today. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School School School and a national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was was was selected as the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State All-State All-State honor band in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound bound bound and ranked as one of of the top high school euphonium players in California California California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor honor honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's placed second in the student student student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has has has a band memes account called youth he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for for for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the the the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing doing doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my name name name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker Parker Parker and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's what's what's up? Okay Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines Airlines Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a a a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would would would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or or or go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it it it. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy easy easy. If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I I I need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and and and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will will will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and and and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome awesome awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message message message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the the the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now Now Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the the the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about about about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by by by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you a a a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked me me me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my my my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my my my aunts life changed everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today today today I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts parts parts because my Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing doing doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something something something I need to tell you want to take a seat right there there there. Tie a seat right there. He said I want to tell you about something something something that I found out they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right right right time. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's the the the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Charles Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a couple couple couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on on on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see see see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still still still saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this this this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and and and something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been been been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked liked liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars Wars Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs Proverbs Proverbs 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to to to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the the the author of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of of of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up up up things. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial Financial Financial anxiety and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each each each lasted about an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly monthly monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended intended intended to help her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to know know know that the Bible is full of wise advice on how to handle and how to to to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse verse verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career career career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The The The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and and and Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host Athena Athena Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor and and and certified oversharer. Does that sound like an insanely long list of things to do? Well Well Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to be be be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk through their struggles struggles struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a a a lot beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz cuz cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you you you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants participants participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's that's that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is is is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie Carnegie Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not not not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast podcast podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is is is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or or or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth wealth wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth wealth wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth wealth wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about about about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that the the the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be be be priced. This is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John 15 verses 9 9 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved You Now Now Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in my my my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love love love I have told you this so that my joy may be in you and and and that your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other as as as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down down down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want want want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you you you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to to to make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can can can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can can can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast podcast podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's up up up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one that mankind mankind mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one that I I I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half half half Molly's. I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm I'm I'm just playing I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with with with formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you you you is go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired aired aired on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any any any more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or or or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the video video video version. This is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, this, this, please do leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and and and let's get into this episode. So today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a a a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks parks parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot cannot cannot be understated. You could love him. You can hate him or you can love to to to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously famously famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and and and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Rachel Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly shockingly shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both both both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat it it it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the producers producers producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking no accountability for for for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take take take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically designed designed designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or or or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another user user user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at at at College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness loneliness loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? doing doing Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here. Taylor Taylor Taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for for for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? you you It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had had had a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year year year in college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a a a kind of came about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Missouri Missouri Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to to to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that that that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You You You may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made made made it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my my my phone. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the the the Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis exegesis exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 5 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how how how it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this this this to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way way way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his his his sun to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m. Anchor Anchor Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need to record record record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels including Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money with no minimum minimum minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with with with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of two two two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt gooley gooley gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by by by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when polls at at at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on tap from from from two birds and we go through the episode and we try and have a taste of of of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two episodes episodes episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Conrad Conrad Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then then then encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or or or did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So So So it's like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your your your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word word word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a a a podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you you you that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or computer. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care care care of Distributing your podcast too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And And And it's that easy now not only is Anchor easy to use but it's it's it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you to make money talking about the things things things that you love with no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself yourself yourself. This is too good to be true. How much is it cost me to use use use anchor. Are you ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show show show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's just just just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening in the the the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that. Does Does Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to our little podcast podcast podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first time. We're We're We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you hit play Hey Hey Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love for you to subscribe and and and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do that wherever you're listening listening listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for for for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download download download and a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred hundred hundred eighty thousand titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before Before Before we get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to to to you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 34 34 of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive interactive interactive web app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs needs needs to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign sign sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast podcast podcast host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, anchor, anchor, but if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest easiest easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with with with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and and and many other platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything you need to make make make a podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is is is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor nor nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know about you you you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and pre-august if if if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with and we certainly have have have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in February. I know I I I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and That's what we do do do but it's good to have a practice under our belt we can talk talk talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start with the in book because because because and Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday of the guys that stood stood stood out to you and I put out a list this morning of the the the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I we were pretty pretty pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast podcast podcast. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through through through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time time time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I I I have my good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from from from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right right right. But today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in in in the Christian world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so so so just tell me a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the the the reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also also also sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia Sophia Sophia will be myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the the the singles of marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in in in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold brew is is is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them them them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family Robert. I I I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it survey the the the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking asking asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome to to to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm I'm I'm not joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things things things. Like I've said today the plan is I you know, I really struggled struggled struggled over the course of the week to come up with things that I wanted to to to talk about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't didn't didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your your your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys guys guys about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by a a a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and and and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you you you support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On On On November 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to to to get her nails done. Her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how how how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes takes takes years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would would would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take take take years for police to connect him to four other murders years and a a a clever. A gator who got the DNA he needed. So if you you you like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your your your day with a morning cup of murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a a a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let let let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going to be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need Need Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get get get your voice out there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F F F m-- to get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen listen listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in in in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a a a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of my my my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a a a good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except except except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're You're You're some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've we've we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen listen listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk about about about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need need need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going to love this this this one? I put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff for for for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you you you by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and and and distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is is is. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor will will will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It It It also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a a a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast podcast podcast all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go to to to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, I'm good good good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a a a bathroom wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell hell hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of of of Raven I with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to to to go over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I I I think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember remember remember what I got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write write write thoughtful cards out, but I personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because because because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I I I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to to to guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and and and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting interesting interesting and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those those those long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a a a certified nutrition and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist physiotherapist physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger stronger stronger and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by by by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if if if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask ask ask that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven seven seven years old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty sty sty Fergus Ace Qbert Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames nicknames nicknames and I assure you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The The The years but the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because because because he has a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time time time or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm I'm I'm talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has has has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to business business business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're We're We're looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you you you know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because I I I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so so so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this this this book, but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of of of made their way into my routine because I was aware of a way to do do do things better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even even even use it. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right right right so hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God God God special guest for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are are are you here for the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but but but English on the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as as as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating dominating dominating Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when when when I was a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or or or 14 years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on on on whether I wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was was was a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community community community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become become become a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello Hello Hello and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community community community of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift lift lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a a a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get get get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen listen listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium premium premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you you you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users users users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily easily easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't haven't haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for for for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, Also, Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health Health Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other other other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic hip hip hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior posterior posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 10 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction may may may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these injuries are are are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And these these these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are are are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in patients aged aged aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports injury or a a a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at at at lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all all all that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest unluckiest unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island island island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast podcast podcast. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those those those of you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some some some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't know know know how much time you've had to think about this but this is a new story story story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's it's it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the the the new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually actually actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her deal was and and and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most Sinister Sinister Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to to to buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you you you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around around around. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to to to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the the the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to come come come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about core core core values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know what what what your core values are so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming programming programming to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent correspondent correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of of of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we we we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're they're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't don't don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has has has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, was, was, you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a picture picture picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the the the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here here here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're you're you're the CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, it's great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead ahead ahead of time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, help, help, please reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four four four six seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car car car can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family family family require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it it it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am am am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't weren't weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars in in in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it it it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out out out of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap wrap wrap my head around this you started it last night started was the day day day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this report report report. Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by by by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not not not a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and and and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not not not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our last page of of of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought for for for today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload we would just just just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of of of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first topic topic topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to add add add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice practice practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to teachers welcome welcome welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development trusts and and and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Lean Lean Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual usual usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books. They will will will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful ormer ormer ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back podcast is that that that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have just just just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you like thinking thinking thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got the podcast for you you you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we try to find the the the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, if if if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're We're We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, I got got got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we don't have issues issues issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna podcast for now, now, now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll figure it it it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is our podcast is first time time time something new just you know had an idea one day like hey, you know, we do do do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we we we just thought hey, you know might as well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about about about the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model Model Model S and plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really really really excited about from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on on on this shout out to the third row podcast. I came up the idea for for for this episode. We were just recording and we're talking about this new track package that that that came out for the model 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can can can basically get these really cool looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which which which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand more more more for these new tires and these brake pads which are geared to make make make it perform better on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really really really cool thing. And I was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as as as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features features features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love love love and the track package is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be be be telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use for for for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your phone computer or or or any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't doesn't doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your your your podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has has has everything you need in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any any any type of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes episodes episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? who who Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck fuck fuck it. We're going to talk about the combine that just happened and how how how the Panthers are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies flies flies when you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good good good one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion fashion fashion. We have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the the the New Orleans Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from from from has a very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and and and all the other conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank thank thank you enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a a a lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things things things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips all the time. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a a a war on Q-tips, by the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips Q-tips Q-tips is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look look look no further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host your your your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have have have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and apple apple apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make money. I'm I'm I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in a podcast in in in one place. You have something to say you want to get it it it out. You want to write a note just upload and turn on your anchor app app app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to to to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent free free free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone, phone, phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the rest. It's going going going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify Spotify Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn earn earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow Sideshow Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the more more more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, but I I I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down down down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned learned learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the the the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my my my guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid covid covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ AZ AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen listen listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening listening listening to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here here here with us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello Hello Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're you're you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top top top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from from from 1992. When the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of of of youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions deceptions deceptions of age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events events events from history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special listen free on on on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps perhaps perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image image image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 91 91 over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the blood of of of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even come close close close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did you you you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming close close close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come to Hyderabad don't don't don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? There There There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the the the Disney College podcast. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello Hello Hello. So on this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just just just kind of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy crazy crazy roommate stories. I have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So So So we'll call it vol 1 but cat you want to so who were your your your roommates and what happened? Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in in in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just just just what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we we we are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus is the the the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover cover cover it in some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode episode episode I want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about about about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having having having on well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P frog frog frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo ammo ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s 90s 90s rap brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you man man man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to the the the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster gangster gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap rap rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't get enough social social social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I I I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind wind wind goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew knew knew of it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions factions factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of of of literature. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it it it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with with with me today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am am am really good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr Dr Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also also also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping helping helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week week week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for for for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective effective effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as as as they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live live live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks seeks seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas areas areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help help help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of of of holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health Health Health through the mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author author author Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find find find their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is is is the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time all-time all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been been been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags. When big big big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of DJ DJ DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got got got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you you you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a conversation conversation conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like talking to to to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk real talk, talk, talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to do is is is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the whole truth nothing, nothing, nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay. All All All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was just just just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain certain certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm going going going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met let's see see see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to believe that now now now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that kind of of of thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together. She's since moved moved moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a while, but it it it was really great to record this episode. She has spent the last several years years years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met her her her and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to share share share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I I I have to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need to do do do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you you you are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we we we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome Welcome Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can smell smell smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the weekends for for for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want to tell you you you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City at Gabe's and then the the the next day of March the 7th. I will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and and and both of those shows are on the E - a store. I've I've I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue but but but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why it's okay okay okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and the intro intro intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards towards towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am am am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream speakers in in in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we do, I thought it it it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I I I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo woo woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just about about about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it it it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two two two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer summer summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time. So I'm like, let's let's let's figure out a time to record what will be good and I'm like like like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like I can wake wake wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content content content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some some some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode episode episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected collected collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore explore explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world world world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the the the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back back back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last last last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as of of of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the virus has spread spread spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting starting starting to feel it here in the US just this week the World Health Organization Organization Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying that that that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide. So just just just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based based based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going wrong and and and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to discuss failings failings failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career career career showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, my my my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for for for this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of of of life. I'm Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for for for sexy monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster Monster Monster RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling feeling feeling very well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her her her some well wishes. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure sure sure as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you you you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the the the glass on the ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is is is Tyler on the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have have have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All All All right, folks. Hang right with us here time to pay the bills just to to to let you folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's Nick's Nick's are officially a thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring featuring featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one one one of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned imprisoned imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for for for death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred hundred hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow grow grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on on on death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who who who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a a a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the reason you you you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost cost cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even more personal perhaps you've experienced the the the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the cheater, but no you've you've you've never cheated and you never will. It right after all you're in a good good good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens happens happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us us us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description description description below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our our our / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those those those who dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy your forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may may may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School School School. My brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into into into the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all all all the new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was that again again again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie Maggie Maggie. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name name name is Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh gosh gosh. Basically, this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my my my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening listening listening to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing discussing discussing the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also also also talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields Fields Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists on on on this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure sure sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about gold gold gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars dollars dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 2010 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat beat beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September September September 2011 the record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or or or at least until now. I think it is first important to understand what drove drove drove prices to those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges challenges challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough enough enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along along along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, Hey, Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my my my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do do do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much much much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always always always. My name is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't didn't didn't say the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on on on you just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah Yeah Yeah. Well, why would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We We We don't have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the the the guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd it'd it'd just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great great great show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new new new market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage Savage Savage on this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money money money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd I'd I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five five five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we can probably probably probably Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can can can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not not not like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya ya ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is is is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the the the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its Its Its heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history history history start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the the the way to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant brilliant brilliant scientist who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the the the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew grew grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools that taught taught taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted to to to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our our our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope hope hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving in in in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I am am am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture scripture scripture is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it it it slow. God bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is is is Acts chapter 11. This sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it it it last night. The Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last last last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio audio audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online online online community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and and and curate online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of of of these uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting with with with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at youtube.com phenomenology phenomenology phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what we do and and and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted wanted wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible possible possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having having having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to to to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet packet packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software software software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need need need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or or or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make make make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be be be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that the the the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest way to to to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one place for free free free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can use right right right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools to allow you to to to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also will help you you you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family like we do do do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many more. You You You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond fond fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar Klobuchar Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to to to me. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't wasn't wasn't particularly viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say say say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between Peaks Peaks Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler holler holler Mullins. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to to to go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I I I thought this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like like like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable sustainable sustainable development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin Kevin Kevin here to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks talks talks podcast. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually actually actually build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population 25 25 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in the world. We usually usually usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out for object object object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy energy energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show show show notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional transitional transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and I had been had that that that dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational escrow escrow escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a a a really high profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for two two two years, I worked hard to get it off the ground and I was was was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I got got got so aligned and the business started and I got everything I wanted and more and it it it was huge and it launched in a way more than I could have ever asked asked asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for us in a way that that that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, you done done done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a conversation. You know, know, know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just here to to to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart. So it's like like like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you know was was was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was enough because we we we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make make make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that that that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight. I'm your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT TNT TNT Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that that that you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We We We have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit Tyler Tyler Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you seen seen seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think it's it's it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a a a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is is is dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob Rob Rob. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So So So you are and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep keep keep getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to to to do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big big big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new new new episode of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My My My name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to be be be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in in in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to to to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to to to be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at at at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the the the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is is is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk about about about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that that that is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free free free and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can can can record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as good as as as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded recorded recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can Be Be Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can make easy easy easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No minimum listenership listenership listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Yeah Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would would would be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime wartime wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with with with a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile 50-mile 50-mile bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead forehead forehead as she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up up up dust as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a a a bridge came into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a a a fallen Apple that bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot shot shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and and and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little little little circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking talking talking about a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene Nene Nene. Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the the the palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking tricking tricking Nene was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the the the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene Nene Nene was the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, Well, Well, it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our our our Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I I I mean this is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody everybody everybody together and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're we're we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to to to be a salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats Retreats Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going going going to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is is is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away away away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us all the the the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule is to be be be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea idea idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot dot dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's There's There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or or or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app app app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt doubt doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and and and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal and film film film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills of the angler angler angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office office office is right now and every time he needs to make a change she she she has to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't don't don't listen that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock rock rock revolutionary sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's that's that's how y'all record to write. You have a giant paper mache nose with with with us the recording system inside. Of it and you have to pull out boogers to to to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My audio interface is in a big big big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig around in there and then I do do do get if I say, you know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell O'Donnell O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people people people will talk about that. Those have a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your your your host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and and and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of Melody Melody Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't Didn't Didn't well can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good good good to just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you you you think the goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me me me let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did did did start out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of of of people were just talking about us having great voice and we should do do do like podcast and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your your your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you you you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them them them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also you you you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so so so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h Km/h Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop pop pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a a a regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have have have had some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one one one of which is the fact that I have literally not had a job for the the the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a a a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank account account account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a few reasons reasons reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds of the the the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it hand hand hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake you you you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your your your imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display display display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes takes takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk talk talk about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last last last week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why why why am I not posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and and and it's simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I I I know you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so so so there are days that you can make it and days. You just can't make it it it. And that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't don't don't want you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that that that you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first first first podcast about the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app. Go to Anchor Anchor Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of 40 is is is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to another edition of 40th 40th 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century century century BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of all all all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want to to to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast presents March Mysteries, Mysteries, Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like medical Mysteries Mysteries Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and anywhere anywhere anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory Rory Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing we we we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll They'll They'll think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm I'm I'm here with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking talking talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk has has has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular app app app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given given given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those those those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, Okay, Okay, so a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? Lottery Lottery So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a podcast dedicated dedicated dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is the second ever ever ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too horrible and still trying to find find find my feet. So I hope you are bear with the bad editing in places. I've I've I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's let's let's get on with the show in this show. I cover recent news and questions that that that I've been asked by the community. I then spend the rest of the show focus on on on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of the game. I was intending to to to spend some time discussing how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback feedback feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be be be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than than than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section section section of the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today today today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal personal personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or or or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours hours hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of of of the one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read read read narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to to to give you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour hour hour. However, before you go all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your your your plan, you've heard the quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over over over a Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six six six feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch porch porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice Straw Straw Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost that that that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around Around Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly suddenly suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was obviously obviously obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream around the the the corner of the house and came floating back down again after a while. It It It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and and and Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and and and Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just just just stumble in on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like like like a sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know know know something if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and and and it's just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day day day there are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade fade fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their their their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a a a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, Oh, Oh, it's just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those those those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually usually usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are recording recording recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift through more more more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual intellectual intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into the the the podcast. We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember remember remember if you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send Send Send us your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode episode episode. Thanks. I did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Clear Clear Water went down. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round round round again and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast podcast podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a special special special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My name name name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine Catherine Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I I I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably accidentally say say say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I just For like like like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But But But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I I I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And And And I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers ehlers ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good good good show for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the week week week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club and and and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z. But in in in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited excited excited. I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High High High cuz he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror horror horror version. That's the only reason we call them that I have not no other other other reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through through through the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then then then we make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth Depth Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one one one our episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will will will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to the the the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time full-time full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh Oh Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really really really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in in in this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because because because fitting race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we we we have week one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after after after that. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished finished finished. Well, I finished all of my exams I have before spring break so so so next week. I just have a presentation for one of my classes see your your your husband exam for a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home home home free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we we we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I will say say say it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's it's it's really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know know know today and I'm out of the way especially because now that I feel like like like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly quickly quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and and and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account account account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a a a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So So So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends friends friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and and and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The The The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done done done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse browse browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on on on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being being being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice advice advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Dustin, Dustin, Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I I I mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked talked talked to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear hear hear the tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're We're We're not I don't think they want to read some of the stuff that that that we say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece piece piece. That was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It It It was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show show show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season season season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since since since season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I I I could not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the the the fart of my love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is is is a biggest the big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the the the posture since I was in high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good good good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's What's What's up guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel feel feel like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for for for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast and and and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit and distribute distribute distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will do do do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all of of of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's everything everything everything that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's what you need need need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check it it it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop scoop scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for our our our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old old old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one of of of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones she saw saw saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I was about about about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly wildly wildly inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as I I I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond beyond beyond just Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our our our time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm I'm I'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. And And And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen for for for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in our life life life and so important to many of us and I wanted to just acknowledge that story story story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're going to to to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and sharing sharing sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of humans and and and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of join me not just just just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive exclusive exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that that that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television television television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow follow follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a a a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented presented presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not not not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see see see what I'm Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were were were just talking about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 5 5 but I was telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to to to spending as much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy crazy crazy every other week or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What What What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you you you are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes Yes Yes on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater sweater sweater already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got got got puke on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really really really have the same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome Welcome Welcome to I just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this this this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing brushing brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around around around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a heroic woman woman woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, her her her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in England a a a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was born with with with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she was just just just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues issues issues or try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going going going on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast podcast podcast is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real real real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the the the opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow grow grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that in in in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights rights rights reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on on on demand. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and and and a Colgan and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and and and of course, we've got a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna gonna gonna get into it just straight away no first. Of all just tell us about about about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know you very well, but but but obviously people at home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm I'm I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's that's that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it it it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast podcast podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really really really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give give give away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like like like don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks weeks weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going going going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go go go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of of of the page and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe Maybe Maybe you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to to to different companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier earlier earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is is is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love you catch catch catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is dope is is is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's right to drink drink drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach to to to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober sober sober life. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that that that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you you you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try try try together. I remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I I I was fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that body body body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of of of the series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today today today. I wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that that that shit, but most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I I I should talk about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why why why not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made me me me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately got got got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to to to thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz Diaz Diaz and you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type type type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned learned learned and still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table table table. This is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a a a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say say say hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I I I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen. What is is is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, Hey, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but but but I'll be hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can can can make it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them them them everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready ready ready to talk about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am am am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the first first first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other other other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean mean mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference between a a a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we we we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you you you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down real real real quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about about about what we came up with what we what we have found to to to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard heard heard about the anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast podcast podcast. We use anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free free free. That's correct. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast podcast podcast. Also, there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have to worry about it. It can be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can also make money from from from your podcast and everybody loves making more money. So go download the free anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read read read and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your your your spiritual and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student student student of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person person person. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow grow grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be be be doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a a a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's It's It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going going going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it it it live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode episode episode. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're we're we're just gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the train hit us - - - oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the the the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up up up. Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting starting starting. I ruined the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my my my stirring spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All All All hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back back back. Welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick kick kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a lot lot lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament work. So I'm I'm I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun start start start here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same same same team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end of of of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we want to see see see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's premiers premiers premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more on the blue bag is is is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here with Chris. How are you you you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good. Thank you you you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we would have liked liked liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So this is is is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack. Well, Well, Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right. So So So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really really really talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's there's there's good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, Well, Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind kind kind of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who who who I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just Just Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what I'm not computer computer computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what links up to Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing I love about about about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free anchor app and go to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In this episode we have Jake Jake Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I I I am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story story story time. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing sharing sharing the supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to to to share a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmailcom gmailcom gmailcom. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival Festival Festival selections. We're going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the the the meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to to to two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a a a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed confirmed confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued issued issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've got probably probably probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin very very very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this this this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump bump bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle hurdle hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We We We got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi Desi Desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll poll poll has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we we we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win win win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're we're we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about about about the season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little little little bit. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into into into it Saint Rose had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and and and new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today today today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing show show show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the the the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this this this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai Maathai Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a country country country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full of strong strong strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would change. Switch Switch Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going going going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation about about about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it to try try try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now in in in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response already already already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome welcome welcome back to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch bunch bunch of topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got got got all sorts of stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you you you know what I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends friends friends in our multimedia class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been been been reacting to them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously obviously obviously is just messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my my my first spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us us us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of of of stuff to preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier Brazier Brazier and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the the the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is is is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where where where the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over here here here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot hoot hoot and a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so so so it was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room room room was through the roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one one one room, which was probably a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students students students not our number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and and and there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not not not too sure what is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve curve curve that but also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was was was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded funded funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down down down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back to to to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged charged charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking shocking shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March March March Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Las Las Vegas gym on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the the the bag his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about about about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter extremity extremity extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and where where where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have for for for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter extremity the the the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced to it it it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just just just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically typically typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing throwing throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today today today in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's He's He's an Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Academy Academy Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and there there there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he brings brings brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today you gonna gonna gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to to to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now everything that that that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will get you through today, today, today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this so 2% back back back yourself and know that today is your day. This is your everyday positivity positivity positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back with with with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go Go Go for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy enjoy enjoy everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for joining joining joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that that that you choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be able able able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is something something something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very first first first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media for for for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast God over over over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon and I remember listening listening listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I was just just just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we we we have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Street Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned. It would name name name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we have and I've I've I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I haven't said anything you you you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm I'm I'm trying to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this this this podcast episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for for for one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and and and you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably going going going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we we we said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This This This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed emailed emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like like like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to to to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's it's it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck fuck fuck what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that that that just because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like like like what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that that that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children children children and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create peace peace peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer writer writer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am terilyn terilyn terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & & & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the information information information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a a a high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from from from. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading leading leading a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the the the world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and and and anomaly in New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist artist artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to to to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We We We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And And And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene and we all know who he he he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not not not a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go go go finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial unofficial unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and this this this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or are you you you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How was yours? yours yours I was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons. So So So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can talk about about about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and FaceTime FaceTime FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot of live live live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you listen to to to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then then then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first first first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and and and that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it it it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we we we try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try try try to make life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like like like sets and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming streaming streaming live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live live live. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us us us soon and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's how's how's it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing this this special broadcast. We We We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin Robin Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as as as users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin Hood Hood Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed changed changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's it's it's Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we we we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping helping helping fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies homies homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's sad music music music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried a a a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot pot pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend. We're We're We're going to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole whole whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you guys guys guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his medium page page page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a living living living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll talk talk talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and thriving Between Worlds as as as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here here here to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo demo demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew Drew Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Game Game Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the game that you you you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that that that demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be a a a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly frankly frankly because I have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today. I'm sharing sharing sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the fat unanimously cut cut cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in the u.s. Outlook Outlook Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the virus and and and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely way on on on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier earlier earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about the FED FED FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains remains remains is where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting meeting meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses senses senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read read read Psalm 16 today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for for for in the do I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art Art Art my Lord. I have no good be on thee as for the saints that are in in in the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight delight delight their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of of of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord Lord Lord is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the the the Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly goodly goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner winner winner. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm I'm I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's What's What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got the the the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden Sweden Sweden. What is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to to to be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody somebody somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way way way to Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your your your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where where where a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic traumatic traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the the the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two two two mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight slight slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave gave gave the shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could could could get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick quick quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening listening listening to my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start start start a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the the the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like Like Like how do I record an episode? How do I get my show into like like like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money money money from my podcast? Well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple simple simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing distributing distributing your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all all all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free free free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast podcast podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple apple apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you you you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great great great man. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you you you need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the the the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in YG's YG's YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing doing doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea idea idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot dot dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's There's There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone phone phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app app app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt doubt doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your jig order order order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final cash segment with with with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be talking talking talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this juicy juicy juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels levels levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the the the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual Energy Energy Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth in our our our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's That's That's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves leaves leaves him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the the the man who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is is is all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires inspires inspires me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening you you you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with with with you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, my my my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your name name name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old old old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? name name Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine mine mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Sean Sean Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick sick sick and just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying trying trying to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm I'm I'm headed the right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're you're you're on. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the the the weekend or Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you you you know, you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I I I know they appreciate so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode episode episode make sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot lot lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this stuff? stuff stuff You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all all all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of all, all, all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we just just just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do do do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is is is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere anywhere anywhere else after you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute distribute distribute it out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more more more places. You don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there there there any way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money money money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You You You can start making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything everything everything you need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and and and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in in in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of my friends had had had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties are engaged engaged engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she loves somebody else in in in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away with her her her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but within a month month month my friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably probably probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such experience has made made made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining explaining explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine masculine masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such an an an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their their their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control control control of what they would like and as a man this is important to your success success success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want want want to become a man of value so that way other men or other people in in in general can lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the deal deal deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person who cannot cannot cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to to to do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit to explain so so so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes minutes minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring this this this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the the the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit lonely lonely lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we had our our our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to Rob our amazing amazing amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite to be fair. Neither. Are Are Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our first we caught our first big big big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last week, and if if if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you you you guys want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down down down. So myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so so so we got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All All All right, so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you you you there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably probably probably die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man man man was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this man man man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison and 34 34 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee hot, hot, hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup cup cup of murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of of of his life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at at at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do something special special special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if they they they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to pull a a a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going to answer answer answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the meantime, meantime, meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and I cannot cannot cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils. This This This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you you you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make Make Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom wisdom wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor professor professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through through through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film film film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they they they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it for for for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need need need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the the the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the Earth Earth Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay, Okay, Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was was was filled with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, starter, starter, we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms classrooms classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is is is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening listening listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional comedian comedian comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him on on on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's with with with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with this V. Hey, Hey, Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the the the jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's what's what's happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are are are we in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as as as inquiry for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually Actually Actually. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We need to actually actually actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We do that that that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can can can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means means means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in in in plain sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the the the infamous Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends legends legends check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only only only episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to to to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes includes includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under under under 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf Wolf Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this this this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the the the markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well as as as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it would be beneficial beneficial beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss what he he he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on the FED Palace Palace Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking to do in this this this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much and enjoy enjoy enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to to to be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot dot dot moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure sure sure about blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck Fuck Fuck I'm pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was was was only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to to to do before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I I I could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly quickly quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the the the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to to to 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to to to pay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports sports sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen Listen Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final final final buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had had had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they they they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr Dr Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology Psychology Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I I I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each each each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively effectively effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like like like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest biggest biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich rich rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find find find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards towards towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth Earth Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where to to to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary. Bro, Bro, Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my boy yesterday yesterday yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor. Why do do do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, yeah, yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do do do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the the the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I I I first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's It's It's an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation creation creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so so so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch bitch bitch work literally got distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me me me uploading my first episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with with with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and and and wine place. If you guys want to get started making a podcast or have have have an amazing idea download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you this this this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale. I was was was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song as as as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it did did did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of all all all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first of all all all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Um, Um, Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and He's He's He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the message on on on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give the the the love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I I I wanted to get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of of of things in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost the the the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually making books books books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event because we don't don't don't teach this in school to people but this is really one of those life skills skills skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off if they made made made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot is talking talking talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books. We need more more more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going digital and and and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything from from from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not not not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no money money money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works out great, you you you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out of your your your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go with anchor. There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any other podcast podcast podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked talked talked to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when when when they were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body body body. I wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the the the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously Seriously Seriously start with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real real real life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super important important important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk talk talk about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking talking talking to you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology Theology Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much much much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in in in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff stuff stuff. I get so many questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some Some Some VIP. So this is our time for us to be together and for me to to to answer your questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have been in a committed committed committed relationship for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it it it than I am but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married and and and starting their families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five of of of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson by day day day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports car. Please. Join me me me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all love. Hello boards guard investors investors investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have some cards cards cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is on fire and there are some some some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My My My name is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest guest guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of course all all all things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing doing doing today? Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I I I should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began began began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do do do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much much much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you you you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting few days days days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing a podcast podcast podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I can always say say say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get get get a release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Les Les Mills. I forget the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I I I just listened to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like Like Like when I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm I'm I'm training gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, possible, possible, but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's It's It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics lyrics lyrics or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going going going to be or when it will be but it just happens after you listen listen listen to it for a while and then when you actually then go right let's let's let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you you you teach your already naturally in the music. So those little moments that your son son son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related related related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment our our our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of of of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of the the the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and and and what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that that that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been been been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri Missouri Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant lieutenant lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a a a little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my my my podcasts. I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation tools that allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor anchor anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your podcast podcast podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that you need need need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and and and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's it's it's just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your your your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes minutes minutes. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good Good Good morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next next next few minutes. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation motivation motivation some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the the the word of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God God God for your life if you'd like to know that and if you want to orient orient orient and just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy privacy privacy to do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make make make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to to to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM FM FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so so so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion expansion expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about about about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in in in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is is is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about about about something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very informed on on on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell me something. Have Have Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was a a a culture. Where back where? I when I when we grew up so we we we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or or or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I I I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just just just don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Ninja Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories stories stories from modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st st st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes Fuentes Fuentes. I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California California California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super super super special episode for you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe maybe maybe a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for for for sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten Lenten Lenten edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't don't don't have a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent lent lent. We're going to do some things that are a little different from what we usually usually usually do on a podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know Know Know remix of the episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys guys guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal Universal Universal spiritual principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My My My name is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side side side of successful with easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical practical practical tools to create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this this this episode and also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today today today is Julie householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and and and she also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a a a fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the the the topic of forgiveness. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also also also do well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live live live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop stop stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, Hey, Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the what would would would you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because I'm still still still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean on my my my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's wrong tonight tonight tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for for for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective. We're We're We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys in in in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment treatment treatment room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren Lauren Lauren. I'm Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions questions questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering answering answering the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So So So today we are going to be having a very special guest on which is is is Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter daughter daughter Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled stumbled stumbled. On this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was was was on America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have for you you you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? This episode were were were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video as as as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording this so as usual, you you you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about nylon Harry because that's our favorite favorite favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music music music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that that that I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about about about all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're we're we're talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen listen listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society Society Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get get get to call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for for for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese cheese cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for for for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only only only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since since since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my my my name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman Sherman Sherman and Roger has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week week week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having having having a random holiday in the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The The The government has thrusted all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day day day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what what what I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting starting starting your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called called called anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a a a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one one one place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type type type in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth teeth teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / / / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus plus plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at at at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and and and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that that that was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's that's that's exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll we'll we'll be seeing a kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of of of loci or straight out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a a a few times after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at at at least two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see see see in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what what what you'd like to see in the comments and be sure to hit that like like like button and subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over over over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if if if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night night night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles circles circles with your brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where where where every day we talk about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the the the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal royal royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana Ghana Ghana. The Ashanti people had many riches but there was one thing that was was was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on on on and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's It's It's up. Its Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying trying trying to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one one one night and decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here here here we are. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every every every weekend, but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our our our group you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout shout shout out to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're We're We're basically famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey McConaughey McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a a a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a a a cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to to to hear and want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our our our Series today and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today today today in True Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March March March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Santa Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back back back baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going going going to be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get Get Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have have have no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we came came came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be completely completely completely honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt felt felt a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though though though a lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another another another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a a a what-what? Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which which which is what we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock jock jock lighter is in danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going going going on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some some some more than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new new new season. Yes. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people people people. Let me just tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's some some some I love okay so off the top as usual Betsy has given given given Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the news news, I got some things things things on the top. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional devotional devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with with with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do do do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is being being being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an eternal eternal eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things that are are are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that that that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor anchor anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can can can make you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch switch switch craft have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where where where you would download a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in in in order to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you you you record the ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything everything everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always always always wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor anchor anchor for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this this this is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer computer computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and and and we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make make make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you to make money from from from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to to to make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something like like like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA LA LA Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so so so what up? What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys guys guys. I like them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she she she on top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of of of the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or or or three months. He has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch touch touch for a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn lisburn lisburn road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help help help a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts thoughts thoughts into action. And if we can help at least one other person as a a a byproduct of our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very very very valuable form to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce introduce introduce ourselves so you can get to know us that more about who you actually actually actually listened to and then down the line move very much want to delve into some some some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal personal personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower wildflower wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons lessons lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab grab grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for this this this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of her her her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our our our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, Now, Now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? right right Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes notes notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to to to but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to to to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear hear hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever ever ever hear me every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far far far. My question was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all all all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a a a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus plus plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users users users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're you're you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be be be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse browse browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So So So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition edition edition of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of of of the show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I I I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, yes, yes, I have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach coach coach because I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard hard hard it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into this this this pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I know know know better than to do but I just kind of got caught in a loop and and and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me so very very very profound and the shift that it has created since then has been so powerful that that that he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm I'm I'm Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and and and brainstorming title ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax relax relax and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you you you have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes yes yes up along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking rocking rocking as the beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch watch watch a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Lego Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was was was the Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it. I I I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help help help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's there's there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 on on on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding defrauding defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He would subsequently subsequently subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of the the the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you you you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to to to help on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University University University covers one to two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We We We will cover all the important facts for an infectious agent and at least one one one original board style question for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere anywhere anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you need need need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your hearts Monica Monica Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope women to to to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood in this episode episode episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex business feminine flow flow flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads. You will walk walk walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as other the filter filter filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook too too too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave my my my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but basically basically basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like subletting subletting subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then they the the the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah Yeah Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend weekend weekend and she just like got right and did not try to get to know me at at at all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I I I was like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got got got 48 minutes. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes Yes Yes got right down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I I I feel like I always need to be in control and she's like, is that that that what you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I I I don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's God's God's word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply on on on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of meaning and and and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you you you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So please hit hit hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with with with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly weekly weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like like like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash slash slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody everybody everybody really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put put put in your phone numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in in in your phone number and your question and then teams going to pick which ones ones ones but I have the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings buildings buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? right right I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here if if if I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today today today is because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is is is warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with me as as as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash. Too warm warm warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got killed by by by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was too too too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes comes comes into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than than than I feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just just just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month month month or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like like like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I I I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why Why Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means means means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love love love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a a a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and and and this is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it it it goes. It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do do do it for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want want want to say the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah yeah yeah. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring figuring figuring out the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But But But you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for for for the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always date date date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this this this all of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief relief relief. What's up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good good good day. I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up up up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did did did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like like like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I I I just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by by by with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for for for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just got got got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on some food food food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the Miller Miller Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy tech-savvy tech-savvy how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up up up because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which which which I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you you you step-by-step directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional exceptional exceptional. There are free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your your your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC ANC ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another another another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in in in Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a name yet? yet yet I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind of lame lame lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast at Perkins Perkins Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so I I I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's everyone doing? I I I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement my thoughts that that that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have have have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and it's stuck in my throat throat throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee coffee coffee and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here in in in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also a co-working co-working co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a number of people people people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, Not that that that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which is about about about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the the the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening listening listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do do do leave a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If If If so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs entrepreneurs entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / / / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's That's That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to to to stop being so nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure treasure treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest youngest youngest son of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern southwestern southwestern coast of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to to to swim to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two two two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These all have one one one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now we're working working working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show in addition to our regular regular regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast broadcast broadcast from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales Rosales Rosales and thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the the the Mind the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts acts acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a local local local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which instrument instrument instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? My name name name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall Punk's with with with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy easy easy. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a a a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done watching watching watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy. It It It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here soon soon soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson Bales and and and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? Good good, Connor, Connor, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having me and Jackson Jackson Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I originally wanted to to to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment for the the the three of us to finally be able to do this and on such a a a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at home home home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in in in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't don't don't you just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the the the blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my first podcast podcast podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so much much much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you you you taking the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful grateful grateful and I do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a a a year to the day after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I I I was in a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that that that moment to Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and and and really realize what are the gifts that God has given me what has has has God given me to impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write write write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard heard heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could could could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a a a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go go go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So So So tonight we're going to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason Jason Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know that that that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a a a king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with absolute absolute absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch Dutch Dutch like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would our political political political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like a a a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like like like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, decision, decision, right? So he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to to to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first fireworks on the the the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your your your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is is is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll They'll They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you you you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app app app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll learn tips and and and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal what scans to watch watch watch out for and much more here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive business business business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's it's it's free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right right right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from from from your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast podcast podcast in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our very very very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for you? you you We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that you you you just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out their their their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme theme theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever ever ever considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I can't can't can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get get get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button button button. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many other platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone phone phone from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I I I can do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped helped helped me with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a a a better place to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't doesn't doesn't matter again. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot dot dot. F m-- to get started again download the app today. It's free, or or or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit bit bit of an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here here here. Thought I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast podcast podcast is going to be about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and and and get yourself set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher kosher kosher about seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything everything everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't don't don't I give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players players players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're you're you're listening to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go Go Go to management follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on on on anchor where you can record edit and publish all from your smartphone smartphone smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other other other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for for for this thing to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Adam Adam Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community in North North North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something that's been been been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to go go go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little bit about why we're we're we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's get right into into into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that we've always always always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is to to to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful Dreadful Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as as as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and other other other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and I'm I'm I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow follow follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you know? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash flash flash episode of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to to to talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish bullish bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets globally with with with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one always bullish bullish bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought to you by the the the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a friend reach out to me me me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's let's let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download that what was it it it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a a a little video on my cell phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I did that that that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your your your hardscaping business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day day day we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO SEO SEO for landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you you you need to do to be able to track and Target keywords to show up up up as a Top of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it it it getting into creating a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is is is something that I've been working on for the past 5 years at least now with with with creating websites and how two hearts keep was the next one in a series series series of websites that I've created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the the the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk talk talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a a a script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way way way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor Anchor Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A A A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's let's let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We We We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously Obviously Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good good good and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you you you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor anchor anchor distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if if if you're looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking Speaking Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today today today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain maintain maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Colton Colton Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where where where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or or or relevant. What's on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to to to thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around around around 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Ki Ki Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey covid educator educator educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host host host Ed Makai time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about about about gross rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we we we talking about Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that that that it is probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest invest invest in. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one one one of the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an an an article that we're writing for our website where they were showing by the latest latest latest core logic data that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom three-bedroom three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross gross gross yield for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where where where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for joining joining joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We We We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, March, March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Has Has Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, Okay, Okay, so I know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really really really huge piece of news that was covered in the media last week. So I I I thought it might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller smaller smaller you story that people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter Twitter Twitter last week and stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in in in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio audio audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this this this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, Also, Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of of of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me me me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it it it. Hello. I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today today today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different different different most of us go through life and not knowing who we are or what what what we want to do at least until a few decades in we go go go through many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one one one that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the most successful successful successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could Could Could you please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really really really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and and and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week week week on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success Success Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique unique unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be be be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet feet feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone everyone everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to to to Hannah's Hannah Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and and and Jenna ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee or or or from their current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being being being in our 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll we'll we'll talk about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like like like nervous today, but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why why why I really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior prior prior to this was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have have have been here for 30 minutes. I said to all of this morning. I was was was like, oh I've just got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more more more than when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say say say thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and mercy mercy mercy in your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son we we we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You You You may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of of of what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you you you from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Dominic Dominic Cardone Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke Luke Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? guys guys I'm doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show show show. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight tonight tonight. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged jugged jugged 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their their their normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the the the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown clown clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, please please please start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am flying solo solo solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have some thoughts so so so that I can also cut you as you guys as my co-host because I will will will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to to to talk about Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have have have done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth tooth tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase purchase purchase any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this this this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, guys, guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC ACC ACC media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth Gareth Gareth McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about about about All Things New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the the the ACC this year. So welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay okay okay. We've been chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about you you you guys. Me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I I I was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I moved moved moved over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode episode episode. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools tools tools that you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you you you or a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and and and nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an an an online counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected disconnected disconnected families navigate through tough times. I love the work that I do so so so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute of social social social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the podcast podcast podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current social social social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews with with with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also plan on having having having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something for our our our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well well well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this this this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in in in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well well well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a a a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're you're you're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment this week week week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always really surprising when when when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good at that that that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like that. I I I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so so so I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through through through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and you you you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't don't don't want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life life life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the the the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go go go to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 O8 O8 I said last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are are are kind of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs TVs TVs and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super super super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a really really really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team team team that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with with with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset mindset mindset about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Vayner Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with with with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at at at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this this this podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally free. Its Its Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more more more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys guys guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place, place, place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to to to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If If If you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will will will know that I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with with with the word of God. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast podcast podcast will be looking at real life scenarios and situations, but the End of of of that, we'll be using and speaking very specific scriptures that we can use use use in those challenges. My heart behind this is that as we go through tests tests tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but we will our mindset that that that we would go through it will be different. I am so convinced and I have have have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down down down. Yes. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected suspected suspected of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off social media media media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch of things things things. But I think for me the most important thing is just to like get get get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it back back back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat eat eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week week week. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend the weekend there to do do do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and yeah had a a a good time in general so good to be back right now and let's start start start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman and he says it's it's it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the second I guess guess guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a a a quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast podcast podcast tonight. I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there there there was a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Parking Parking Wars, they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free free free this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like like like I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a good time time time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you you you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor Anchor Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use and has has has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right right right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up up up on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with with with sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So So So make sure to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot dot dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees McKees McKees Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do do do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so so so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz buzz buzz saw like it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage stage stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just just just always like people you may know and then I see him and it's like like like him singing while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor floor floor. Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a a a sin a coat on and like the first note of the first song He's already got got got the mic out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here. Just Just Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you you you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to to to one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's There's There's over tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years years years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years years years Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went went went to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to to to the pros and told the coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the the the hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went went went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They They They took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when when when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been been been to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's player's player's perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in in in with me today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you you you guys support and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart heart heart and I can't say thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA NBA NBA guard and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on on on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting commuting commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go Go Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best best best job ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read read read narrated by Jim D Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do do do for a living do you joyfully say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my my my time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me be stressed stressed stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's It's It's nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and I'm I'm I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like to to to say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every now and and and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for me. I I I can't quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not not not to for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll you'll you'll understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume assume assume so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but but but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you who who who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert Robert Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of of of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be be be after listening to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an an an overview of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically empirically empirically for the last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't isn't isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for for for you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What What What do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, us, us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean mean mean people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because because because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. And And And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for something which is is is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother or brother's brother's brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go home. We went went went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane insane insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll we'll we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai b'nai b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Siesta Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things things things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with with with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He's He's He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another another another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is is is that? You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have have have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know know know. It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves and and and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished it lays lays lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to another episode of the real real real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your mind taking taking taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My My My name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you. And today today today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other and you are are are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why why is the the the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon Simon Simon Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you you you want to go look it up there and see the video version of these you you you can do that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to to to Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It It It would be kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler Whistler Whistler you're watching top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 10 10 horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America America America organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of of of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May May May comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from from from the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a a a virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person person person. Welcome to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho nacho nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind kind kind of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we we we talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week. We're We're We're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you you you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast podcast podcast with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning in in in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why why why when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to to to me, let me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an an an RD for about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started started started off at a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a clinic Uncle Uncle Uncle setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, World, World, which is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with people people people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we we we were able to see each other for a bit more than five or or or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a a a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really tired at at at this point because they've been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This is is is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host co-host co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let let let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have have have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host co-host co-host and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host co-host co-host. Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host your math math math isn't working here buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and and and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for for for it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion passion passion is to help women read more and read well and also to encourage encourage encourage us to make time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a a a group near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors co-directors co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited excited excited to delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders leaders leaders asked so we'll get started right away. The first question that came from our members members members this year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership membership membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana. We're We're We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best friends friends friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own take on on on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement. We're not live live live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door. Reflect on these situations situations situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv and chill. Thanks Thanks Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third episode of PB PB PB and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about the necessity of romantic romantic romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular episode is because I I I had a dream I literally had a had a dream where I was doing this podcast podcast podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode episode episode in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal goal goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better better better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys and and and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment environment environment. Ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing growing growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and the hard hard hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was was was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences differences differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in in in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The The The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information information information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your your your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And in in in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I dating an an an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that discover my channel channel channel every day and every week and so the information can be very overwhelming obviously obviously obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and and and Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just just just filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from taking taking taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So that's that's that's going to be on big little life right now. We have all of of of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart heart heart. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are just just just two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just just just going to tell you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We We We would hope that we would do and will also tell you what we have done which which which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned learned learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get get get started by do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand brand brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until then then then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters and and and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice advice advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a a a complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question question question in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom mom mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's She's She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters Letters Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury research and and and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular basis basis basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from from from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in in in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into into into different parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now now now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk risk risk sentiment has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning in and and and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there there there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward forward forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym ball ball ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a a a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so so so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, thank you for for for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G show number number number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just just just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host and and and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real what what what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk talk talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes makes makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going to to to take you back to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes because because because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas Fellas Fellas and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story story story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on the the the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing woman woman woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I didn't didn't didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life. Welcome Welcome Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective podcast where where where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating our our our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So So So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only and should should should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed expressed expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the opinions opinions opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on this this this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential. Pets Pets Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative Investments are are are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they are not suitable suitable suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we dive into what what what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund managers and and and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of of of the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Chief Chief Operating Officer of Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our Our Our purpose is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and and and others across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us us us today. Jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data data data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had had had an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary of your your your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you made made made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This This This podcast is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe safe safe space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me me me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love love love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all all all kinds of love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love love love and the love we have for friends and the love we have for a a a significant other and all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's let's let's not forget anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be be be and you would also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career career career to a physical state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is is is the word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an an an adjective meaning equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry angry angry speech was tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian Italian Italian term. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused confused confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are impact supreme supreme supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both tantamount tantamount tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up up up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official episode of of of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat members members members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going going going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era Era Era podcast, I got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and and and just mention yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going going going on. It's a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this this this is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 48 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the the the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going going going to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their their their wit's This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands wands wands. When Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So So So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a podcast podcast podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about you know, know, know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it should should should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post post post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, anyway, anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this this this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize apologize apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and and and you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless pointless pointless. I don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't didn't didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me and show me a DM DM DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an audio message and and and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and and and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going to to to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll be be be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own own own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop Shop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to to to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast podcast podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So So So been a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as as as my last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things things things kind of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost almost almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, know, know, January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about it and so and for for for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms balms balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and and and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of of of life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten ten ten percent off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check check check out the link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also Also Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat Retreat Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and and and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can find the time to to to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to to to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make make make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there there there is a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right from your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So it can be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can can can easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need need need in one place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for for for any small business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach approach approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies companies companies and if you watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife vitalife vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and and and there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound sound sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that that that is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed packed packed my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in in in the middle of a hotel because I also started a new job last week week week. And yeah, it's all decided to come at once. But the reason I I I actually chose to do this podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that that that I want to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for for for once to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council Council Council for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please please please visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language language language assistance podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our our our program and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all all all British Council colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We We We are all linked to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant assistant assistant or currently working on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves yourselves yourselves where your base and what team you are in? Stop with you you you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? Folks Folks Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on on on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain explain explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you to record and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons of of of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor anchor anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in in in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez for for for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo memo memo for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I I I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at at at night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I I I don't have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind kind kind of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break break break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and and and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about 2/3 2/3 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance maintenance maintenance and what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing existing existing property you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row row row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or or or rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget budget budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple of of of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually a concept that that that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it is is is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not not not on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I I I have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear bear bear and I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming coming coming down here to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good friends friends friends. It's her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some some some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today today today was like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can can can unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends friends friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to to to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I have have have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit to do do do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series series series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas areas areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re re re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Craig Craig Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul soul soul mates. So some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't don't don't some of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of of of you don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number number number 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And And And then we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck luck luck. So I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where where where you are just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I I I was out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and and and it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today today today. So I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels feels feels the best right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those those those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs runs runs. They're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of Of Of course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your your your own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world world world. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to to to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll You'll You'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and and and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on on on Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to to to make a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith Smith Smith for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle buckle buckle up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to to to the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're going going going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates candidates candidates are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right Right Right that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going going going to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just just just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want want want to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are are are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been a a a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this episode episode episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later because because because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before then you'll you'll you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am am am when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll you'll you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and and and environment trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and and and so on Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we we we really know about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and and and get your hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph graph graph. When we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach approach approach to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science science science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we we we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one one one place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven heaven heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be be be tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them them them. All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak speak speak in other tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing God-fearing God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by by by surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I I I always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me me me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in Mac side of of of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, would would would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've guys said said said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? I didn't didn't didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries. They are serving serving serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what what what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on on on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries Ministries Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in in in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your your your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be reading reading reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here. Now Now Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the god god god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on on on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save save save and invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my my my own experience exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement retirement retirement on or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and and and I have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees degrees degrees combined with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from from from zero to over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both both both want to invite you to fire the family.com where we have free tools and and and resources that you can use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. I'm I'm I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting Nest. Our aim aim aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education and more the the the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to those of of of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can shed shed shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more and and and more of us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our Our Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and and and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into into into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from watching watching watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy Frenzy Frenzy. You are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm I'm I'm so glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow flow flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught caught caught the white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us us us. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How many times should should should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more more more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the the the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are are are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start a a a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in in in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take take take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having a a a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out there to to to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those who were were were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how how how to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today Today Today is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying laying laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as you enter enter enter a diet or if you are in the middle of a diet or or or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because because because it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free free free. It's free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's there's there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of of of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything everything everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot can can can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with with with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The The The True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for for for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with with with you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted wanted wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, well, well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that that that the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us us us in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a couch couch couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance on on on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it it it. So when you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but but but they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, couch, couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I I I was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody everybody everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand understand understand we shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out out out here trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know know know. No, we have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it it it discussion. You know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they they they got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long long long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development Ronnie Ronnie Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated dedicated dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first first first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo Milo Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique boutique boutique investment and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel counsel counsel who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well well well as attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur entrepreneur entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm I'm I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The The The Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso espresso espresso and let's Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at at at Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy Dorothy Dorothy is 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in in in the picture and he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we we we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you would use use use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down to three three three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad joke I I I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I responded responded responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know know know that? His baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data Data Data I tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people people people knew that almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you you you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite favorite favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary necessary necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening listening listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode episode episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are are are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are are are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app app app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us us us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what what what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt guilt guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot lot lot of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the the the Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be be be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I I I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table table table each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the the the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety and and and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot seat. My name name name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of the west of of of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and journalism at you as well well well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact of the withdrawal from from from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what I understand from for for for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted impacted impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm I'm I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope Hope Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to to to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about about about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to to to understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex complex complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start start start us off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we we we move on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should talk about about about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I I I know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two two two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un un un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also our our our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at at at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus of of of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I also also also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of of of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency emergency emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I I I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm I'm I'm good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, Oh, Oh, you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because because because I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me me me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose whose whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only only only like 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and and and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow wow wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today. That's That's That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know. Do Do Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought thought thought you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I I I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll we'll we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster podcaster podcaster. Anyways, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the the the tea podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's whatever's whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I I I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee coffee coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey Grey Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good good good. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just just just called just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know know know I do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the the the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted us to to to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed with Theology Theology Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all the the the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're dealing dealing dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the law law law of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at. No No No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives and it's an incredible incredible incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically in sin and and and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast podcast podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock stock stock was there and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive decisive decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it it it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know about about about that line and how it moved over the past past few days before the the the game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the the the dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done done done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope nope nope. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I I I cannot express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few few few episodes with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking talking talking mental health. This is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship friendship friendship as we talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's it's it's crucial. We felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental mental mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session session session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and we we we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it onto onto onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better at at at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually actually actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that that that you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed feed feed. Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where where where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of getting in in in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the tools and the tactics tactics tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I am one of of of the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey. So I I I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going to to to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 10 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here here here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very very very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together together together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time time time off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta lotta lotta things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against against against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs needs needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's Let's Let's start packing lunches. Etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work work work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because it's a a a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't even wait wait wait to go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they really do do do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article in in in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about the indefinite indefinite indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well in English. We We We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian. I want to to to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes English English English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German that has I think three three three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself as an an an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally literally literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we we we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so so so great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can can can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight straight straight to Anchor, but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that that that apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they they they will be short and on top of that you can even make money off of this this this app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and and and you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for for for your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get get get started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to the the the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I I I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a a a lot to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about about about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've I've I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end for for for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then we'll end end end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and maybe the the the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are are are going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft draft draft class and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but but but Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at at at each position where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential potential potential options might be going into free agency a little bit. And then also also also what's important that position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft draft draft class has to offer we will be going Each position group one by one one one in the Box. The draft has that it looks to be a major part part part of how the Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about about about anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us a a a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatisations dramatisations dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive offensive offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961 1961 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On On On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a a a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we we we should close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen seen seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you the the the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness Illness Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have been been been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned him, him, him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled pulled pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would leave leave leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still and and and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly opened opened opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, I I I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has has has come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood blood blood in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to to to do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's there's there's almond produce milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't doesn't doesn't matter coconut milk is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't don't don't know why people eat it. So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice Juice Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't don't don't think I'm a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking drinking drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way way way to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F F F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to to to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk talk talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want want want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to to to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you you you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss discuss discuss Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 19 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The The The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the last game game game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, I I I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take some some some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, know, know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is March March March. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought brought brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is is is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth youth youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your your your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion devotion devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading from Psalm chapter 31 31 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am in in in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and and and my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that that that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as as as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen listen listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for the the the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your your your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who who who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 that have have have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. We're We're We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring you you you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm I'm I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the the the time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been been been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife wife wife decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that we we we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting getting getting a little better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm I'm I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to to to come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the sound sound sound of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting daunting daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem to to to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it it it podcast. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host co-host co-host Jordan. What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going going going guys? This is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a a a second. Why didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got got got his I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but but but his regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my my my co-host. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please please please. This is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a a a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're we're we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will will will ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where where where we talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I I I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of of of this is today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing doing doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right right right now. Thank you for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners are are are little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the the the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. Soccer together together together so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens Likens Likens. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode episode episode 16. But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker sticker sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same same same for you. So if you want to check them out, make sure to head over over over to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban urban urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll you'll you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love city.com. And then also SD prints prints prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables website, website, website, whatever you got they can make a product for you. You can check them out at at at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show show show operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive extensive extensive research, but ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for for for every kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group group group to protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen nineteen nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill Bill Bill proposed by legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the the the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk talk talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I I I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to to to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will will will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music music music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place place place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just just just cut it. Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer closer closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's Sue's Sue's of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking drinking drinking tea. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay gay gay. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a a a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him him him. I love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's He's He's a little he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little little little arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior Communications Communications Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And And And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British Columbia's personal personal personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more than 1 million million million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this province. We want organizations organizations organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They collect and process everyday everyday everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can help help help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing a topic topic topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride ride ride podcast. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go go go in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was was was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it it it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we are are are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today. So he he he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where to find us us us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at Behavior, Behavior, Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead ahead ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and and and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it it it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Rachel Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her her her reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully Tastefully Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on on on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its its its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and and and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and and and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The The The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't can't can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will will will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then then then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to to to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM FM FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not not not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it it it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is is is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and and and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all all all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not not not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also also also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have have have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world world world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome welcome welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week week week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a a a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery and and and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived a long long time time time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and she discovered something that changed changed changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a woman ruler like a queen Emperor Emperor Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own bra the the the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in a a a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty Gale Brown and and and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's most bewildering bewildering bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due Due Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes includes includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good good good buddy Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that that that was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of New New New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what you've you've you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So So So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the the the bloke behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does does does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how how how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change your your your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of weird. I I I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because I've been been been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what day it is is is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that ever ever ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you think like all all all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's what's what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have Chris with with with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through the the the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special on first off off off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into the franchise and and and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans and those those those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of Angels of of of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm firm firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan of of of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long long long as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the the the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists artists artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you you you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever wherever wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram Instagram Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers acquirers acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to to to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Albans Albans Steve firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night night night the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's It's It's been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it it it was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken broken broken down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were were were very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan plan plan to you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital Capital Capital K JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were friends and and and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how we do it it it how we get it out there how we record it. And you know, thankfully I was was was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had when when when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's much easier. It It It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by far the easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In one place place place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment equipment equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your your your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all all all the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you you you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way way way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and and and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today today today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no no no Samuel Jackson the ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How How How are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing amazing amazing story and I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank thank thank you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long long long overdue and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to to to continue to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times times times we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to to to where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts sorts sorts of things. I think is so important to share and I've had great conversations with with with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of of of Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect expect expect to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money money money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun episode this this this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our our our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited excited excited to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce introduce introduce yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the the the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in in in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett Hackett Hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake wake wake of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had had had allowed such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically specifically specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to to to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a a a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So So So if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like like like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like like like to first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a a a line it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating mating mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need need need to spell out to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube YouTube YouTube content come on now but away from all of that as you look normal. I I I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen key key key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine fine fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the the the digital HR leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be be be digital. It's simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and and and analytical to deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format format format. It features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics analytics analytics and future of work conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of of of the future and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics analytics analytics at UC Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy strategy strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global global global head of people analytics boober and is a previous guest on the show Andy and and and Bailey managing director of my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around around around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per Per Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take take take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you down down down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right now now now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is is is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living living living organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going going going to be talking about is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension extension extension of You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and and and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of the the the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first first first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I I I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me me me amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the the the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You You You can have a free company logo stencil made free and they have have have lots of cool Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils stencils stencils to choose from and they can create anything if they don't have it already. So So So if you have something very custom you want made they will work with you and they they they listen to their customers needs of what they want what they need to work with with with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number number number 20 coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had had had a great chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, usurping, usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're we're we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to people I do this because I I I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with them them them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in in in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So thanks thanks thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your your your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the the the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want want want to join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On On On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite favourite favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn learn learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors sponsors sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor is is is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own own own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once you upload upload upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to Spotify Spotify Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to Anchor or if if if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I have have have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what I I I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on board and I'm I'm I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are going to to to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like like like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how how how I want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that that that is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see see see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving driving driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford Ford Ford in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March March March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame pregame pregame combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs Leafs Leafs loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a a a row prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have have have to sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road Road Road that we're key games against teams that were at least on par with them Florida a few few few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver Vancouver Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up against the the the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are out of it it it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they got outplayed dramatically dramatically dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the the the topic of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men Men Men. In other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things things things that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that they they they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first first first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional beings and their their their Even by their emotions and women want to be in a love story. They want to to to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make make make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a way that it's it's it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce introduce introduce our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the the the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we we we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags of cured. No, No, No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money off this this this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for my love of of of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with my voice Okay, we see what what what we see what Carson over here is in it for I guess anyway, so so so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I have this this this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice of of of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes Yes Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you you you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get get get her ready and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but but but we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every every every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on on on my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody doing doing doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the the the man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today Today Today. We're going to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This This This is really about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into into into a crowd chamber for just a very small amount of time because it's a a a very very cold to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this this this concept is really based on this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does does does that that is a situation where you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of of of stress to create a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create create create this effect. This is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been been been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast and and and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember to support support support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to read along with with with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, we suggest suggest suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this podcast linked linked linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's are are are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about the construction construction construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're not attacking attacking attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. And And And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were were were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to to to the podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be be be talking about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me me me. You don't know me as your own cloud. She might say this this this for the cloud money days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so so so today we have done for sure. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night night night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and and and brush the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week week week where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're We're We're talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, but we're we're we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes sense. Fanny Fanny Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a a a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on on on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage footage footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the the the Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made Custom-made Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three three three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and and and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes tapes tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you you you by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best Best Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match match match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That means you you you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing right now now now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love using incre you can can can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's very easy to you you you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut out some, some, some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well. So, you know, if if if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing it go to Anchor dot dot dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives lives lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what what what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking looking looking to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started this this this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a phone phone phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there too. They'll They'll They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you know know know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it right on a a a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or founds And And And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash for for for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast podcast podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app app app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started started started. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben Reuben Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth smooth smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your your your actual name. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho ho ho no. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different names names names you called ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho ho ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember remember remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast podcast podcast Network. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching teaching teaching and practice and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening Awakening Awakening to experiencing the divine. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara gemara gemara and Magilla that's very close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that that that says that if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind kind kind of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second second second to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie pie pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take take take care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some She-Hulk She-Hulk She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to do some some some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor rumor rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring movie discussion discussion discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to to to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie news. We are coming coming coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, we have anything anything anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual spiritual spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D 3D 3D divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the the the akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today today today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful being being being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for being being being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential influential influential wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today today today it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just just just talk to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and and and welcome. Honestly, we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we we we had a break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking talking talking about how to plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going going going to cover off planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some some some elements of planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are are are recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we we we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the intro intro intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not in our basement basement basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome Welcome Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your your your week. It's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but me me me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna be be be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the mic mic mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to to to man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th 5th 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th 6th 6th. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after after after that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit hit hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to to to the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the the the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, facility, facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think think think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an an an hour to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little little little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite Favorite Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end end end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week week week for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter Peter Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team since since since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 37 37 37. Million. In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think think think out of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used to to to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the fact you have have have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the problem there there there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we we we just missed you guys. So we just got a letter so for you here, here, here, we wanted to talk about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last last last few days since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the the the reunions show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, know, know, take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet internet internet is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that that that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there there there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about what we we we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances fragrances fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom Abercrombiecom. And click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had they they they were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was was was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, know, know, the the death of the black church in the black community. E in the role role role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't really really really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now and again again again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely fantastic. It's like like like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those those those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we we we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment of of of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block block block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the the the ER ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up up up on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness Fitness Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back back back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about about about the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor mentor mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that that that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them them them then on the other side of the world or is too expensive or they they they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years years years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've I've I've been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help help help more people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll You'll You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions questions questions anything you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the cost cost cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on behalf behalf behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening listening listening to our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review review review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband husband husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be be be discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want want want to share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really really really looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along along along with us over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing sharing sharing a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that that that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page page page or Whatsapp group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your host host host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that we originally originally originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this show, please do do do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would be awesome and let's let's let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 internet. And in in in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st 21st 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Lillehammer Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim victim victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And the the the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there there there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 10 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list. I will say that that that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the the the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, crises, crises, alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art art art is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you you you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been been been many years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child sexual sexual sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of a a a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married married married their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 2020 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new new new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to to to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly weekly weekly podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far far far and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a mistake on on on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put out out out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it that I I I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a big difference, but You You You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do do do the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do do do it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday birthday birthday. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's Let's Let's say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat fat fat snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where we we we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist artist artist Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father Father Father John Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released released released his video series that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land land land in Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and and and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare rare rare. So you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two two two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can check check check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check them them them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal deal deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, Verde Verde Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is going going going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always always always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to But it's it's it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can can can be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if if if you know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is Is Is it the greed wide section which is the best. This is one type type type of woman alone, which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank Thank Thank you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to to to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so so so grateful for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story story story and forty three year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School School School. This girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just just just so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of of of life and so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love love love for people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so so so much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting down with with with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these various parts parts parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power of methadone Mac Mac Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things like car. Of of of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with a few few few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really good guy guy guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey Hey Hey was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had had had to you know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking talking talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining entertaining entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with with with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on electric. Now Now Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV Zumo TV TV TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one. You You You don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it helps and and and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as we we we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc Marc Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're you're you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better Better Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty hefty hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Mike Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have have have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them them them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with with with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going to to to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other other other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me on the the the show. And yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right now where we've we've we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is like a a a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's turned into into into and now we're you know, we got this live event of cork and Kerry the park park park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there there there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two shows a a a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where where where we discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and and and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection collection collection you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another another another episode today. I want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really really really if the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would would would be better or worse? I think if you really stop and think about it and honest honest honest answer for some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all all all went away and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make a a a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which is great. And And And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the the the free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so so so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt Rigby Rigby Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This This This is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the the the rugby league podcast. Fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more places places places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a a a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new new new website life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams Williams Williams. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are behind behind behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game game game against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm I'm I'm telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I I I love what they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need need need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM FM FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm I'm I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom wisdom wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not not not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's It's It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North North North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with with with professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a a a great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable notable notable altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in in in October. So be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful grateful grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if if if you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find find find them online at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Tech Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto crypto crypto mining podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I I I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work work work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and and and mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech Tech Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at the the the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame lame lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put put put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw Peter and John John John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him as as as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his attention attention attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York York York City in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the the the Lincoln Center cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp sharp sharp decline in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did did did look pretty hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea Korea Korea showed row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still still still just a bunch of rice eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund fund fund and the founder was a bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments Investments Investments were made when no one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to to to bloom it my fund we already had FX in the region but back back back in those days. It was almost like the trading job was unionized if you you you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph Steph Steph podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how how how was the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got got got to sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it it it is rough being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain complain complain man, you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane membrane membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing playing playing hide and seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if if if you should go back to Florida. It is full of really really weird people people people but it also has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth Macbeth Macbeth. First of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and and and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo Banquo Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the crown. He He He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still hopes that that that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls bankroll his chief guests guests guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend. Of course that's out out out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid. He says says says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel secure as king king king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the the the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none but he whose being being being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would be be be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I don't don't don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't be be be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self you've reached reached reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping self, you know know know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, but also the source source source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart in my my my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she has very very very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life and those those those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey journey journey of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the the the perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The The The simple fact that we all only have one life and that none of us us us are promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless regardless regardless. Of our current health status after all would you seriously stay in the the the job you hate or the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life life life could end next year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you you you happy and you certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this this this groundbreaking podcast. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions and and and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the easiest way way way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you everything you need need need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your your your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit edit edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify Spotify Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily make make make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app app app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy Reedy Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to share share share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name name name is Kelly Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm I'm I'm here joined by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today today today and as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little little little known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it it it was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you you you just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus Coronavirus Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have you been watching watching watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you they they they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the the the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today we are are are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of of of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of interesting interesting interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling me me me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where I guess guess guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce divorce divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she she she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's he's he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting interesting interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife wife wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with only only only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, things, things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting getting getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few few few when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's let's let's just start a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following a a a few months now and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually got got got go to my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind kind kind of weird one were both jumping on the train and without a couple of of of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't all all all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't don't don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you you you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit as as as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard hard hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and keep keep keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're you're you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be be be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where where where you wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that that that ain't you you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and and and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know it's it's it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're I I I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what what what three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will will will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday Monday Monday here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got got got my week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what what what that means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not not not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I I I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join join join this week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What up up up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests from Lehigh Lehigh Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Gale Gale Brown from the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the the the state of Kentucky. She was found on her college campus strangled to death death death with her own bra one man confessed to the crime but was never convicted convicted convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown that night to hear more episodes like this this this follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the the the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and and and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer layer layer Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 2020 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely solely solely focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint osint osint investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many many many of those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill a a a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here here here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews interviews interviews. No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go go go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay stay stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and and and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's Morgan's Morgan's. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're we're we're looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century. It's a a a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous glass glass glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine imagine imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started started started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I I I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want to to to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you from from from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time. I I I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You You You sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back back back to another episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in in in the new studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you you you watch the Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this this this a few weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we had had had to put our project on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But But But in the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded recorded recorded a podcast in three different places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of of of all of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you you you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and and and this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina Sabrina Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't don't don't forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through through through our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure sure sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a chance chance chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just written written written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending extending extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of of of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you for for for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into into into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you you you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things things things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Sarah Sarah Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own own own Journey with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first first first women get eliminated and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell tell tell all week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This This This episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at Bass Bass Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader leader leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of of of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's what what what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It It It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and and and other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to to to reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a a a friend while listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, shamash, shamash, which I highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of of of the speakers in my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it it it replaced. So instead of Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when when when it's only coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not not not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best best best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put it it it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's It's It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and I'm I'm I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with with with anchor if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's what's what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has has has another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know know know has a special term. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner's partner's partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in in in a relationship with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know know know this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really really really into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be on such such such good terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit down in in in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and and and hang out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up on on on your partner from time to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in in in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during chasing chasing chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to to to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have previously previously previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of creatives who who who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to the the the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually actually actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these these these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of people people people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You You You got a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes in in in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened it. I I I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you saying all is is is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have that that that habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words. And so so so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad angels and and and we want to remind you that that there is a stream of well-being which you are are are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any who for whatever reason reason reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment with that stream stream stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that is so you you you is so painful from that painful place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got got got a lotta gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely extremely extremely happy to be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing introducing introducing waking youth. How did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is is is all about so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and and and I was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity creativity creativity and when I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain Spain Spain. I was also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed stressed stressed and very anxious and I realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like like like this because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I I I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network front leg leg leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, I I I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance romance romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of genre. Fiction Fiction Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So So So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If you're into romance in in in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one one one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's Wendell's Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about about about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most most most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring the the the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short short short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore explore explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really really really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted posted posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and and and you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope hope hope you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here here here at 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally literally literally make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some some some sight. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we we we just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with with with us again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do do do this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that that that we've been at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 56 56 or something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out out out there to correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not not not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the the the show, but that just has because we do is almost zero prep. We just just just kind of come from wherever we are and we sit down and and and and I think most of the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Catches Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever ever ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I I I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans my hometown hometown hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of stuff going on and and and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so much shit shit shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap. Smear I have have have errands to run I was linking with people that I see in a while while while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans and and and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and it be loud like like like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and no one's here here here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record before somebody try try try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and my name name name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw raw raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific topics that might might might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on speakers. Also, please please please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a mean mean mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and opinions expressed by our guests guests guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's weird. It's time time time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, 86, 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom one one one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for for for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely extremely extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in in in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out here here here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but you can can can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to being being being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive degree degree degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like that. Well, it it it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised advised advised. This episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone gone gone home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and and and the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up up up by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate roommate roommate you swap stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough enough enough that the idea of a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly jelly jelly beans. Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line line line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs for for for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the the the space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee was was was like hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all know are are are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely remember remember remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake more than I I I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting counting counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we go go go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he was was was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two years years years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more more more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you you you can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of of of viewers had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself himself himself to brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me me me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious minutes minutes minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again again again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep sleep sleep you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll scroll scroll through ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as you you you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice responds responds responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you don't remember remember remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday and dress dress dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas. And And And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and and and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform waveform waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not not not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend behind behind behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Pain Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research research research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the the the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of of of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all all all about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an an an underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that that that most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our our our mixed in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is Is Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is is is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're also going going going to break down some reality because you know, all the science in the world world world. Sometimes can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about about about both and then really why I choose to do them and why I do believe that that that it is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And And And as you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for for for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great compliments compliments compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal personal personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting commuting commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours hours hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Fine Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read read read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was was was overweight shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was was was when her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that that that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about about about starting your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll We'll We'll anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast podcast podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download download download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit hit hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Google Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of of of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app app app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every every every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't do this without you you you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review join the Facebook Facebook Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So So So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So So So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get arted arted arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag podcast today on our our our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag. We We We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts workouts workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to find find find the time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now, Now, Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden Ogden Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists of of of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to the audio audio audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise exercise exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get a a a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can can can find around the house. And so if you answered yes to any of them them them questions at the start go and get the planet is also 50% off at the the the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we we we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on on on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, hey, hey, hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here we we we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, yeah, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young young young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, so so so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want want want to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's it's it's kind of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last last last Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that that that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my my my age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the the the dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first mistake mistake mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up to to to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting getting getting through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of of of different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram Instagram Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for for for having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to to to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no. Oh Oh Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Lord Lord Lord and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's it's it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of of of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following following following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, you know know know where else far far away where it takes us months to create new new new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores stores stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are are are super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together together together. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you you you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so so so many different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it it it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland vigeland vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going going going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay ahead ahead ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on March 5th 5th 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma Yuma Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going going going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe don't don't don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because I was was was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to this therapist. It's It's It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff stuff stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to people people people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also also also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm on on on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having me alone alone alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine because you run run run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go on. Give Give Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody that answers answers answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give it my best real lovely lovely lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were on the road. It It It was on a phone in or do you have to go to Studio ever ever ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I was reading up everybody everybody everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and I was on really well well well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm here here here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are listening listening listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out there who who who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice heard out out out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest way way way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation tools that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer anchor anchor anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even pushing pushing pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that that that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's guests are are are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the the the gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the the the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on on on a masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth teeth teeth as a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing marketing marketing trade World. They joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching launching launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation conversation conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start the gradient. And what we want want want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before before before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank thank thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to to to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's There's There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets pockets pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make make make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That That That was good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started started started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory victory victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has Has Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions missions missions. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the the the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host host host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited excited excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the the the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to to to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does does does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is is is not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things off off off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate mate mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So So So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on on on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so so so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they they they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name is is is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have Rebecca Rebecca Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an interesting podcast because because because this is going to be take two because we so I was sick two weeks weeks weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do one then and and and last week we did a podcast and you always have to have that one one one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it it it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men men men of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the the the banks of the Missouri River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of of of traveling the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was was was in their midst. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured lured lured by bison meat that had been hung up to dry. If it decided decided decided it wanted to snack on some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of of of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our our our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing this this this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't can't can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free free free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to to to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're hitting you you you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this year did in in in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast where where where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in this this this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day day day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic of of of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is is is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of of of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with with with us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, clients, clients, but the best clients into your business. How do I identify them and how how how to get them into your business as leads and where to take it from there? there there So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without without without further Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Mark Mark Morrison. He is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider provider provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make make make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other other other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership listenership listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome Welcome Welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young row row the the the mayor holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is Is Is this what is this? I don't have really have a topic. I just got got got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast. So a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube channel channel channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store and they want want want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So kind kind kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick a a a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can learn learn learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link to that that that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know know know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the business then the the the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you make make make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first sale? sale sale So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a couple couple couple different options you have and then let you know what I do and what I I I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad human human human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two very very very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so so so hi everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny Johnny Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had had had a sizable break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good good good or because you had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during during during our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is is is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So So So if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What What What is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create create create and record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor anchor anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and and and Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind kind kind of click the button and it goes all by itself. You can make money money money from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad ad ad that I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off off off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th episode episode episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show show show. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to to to talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at at at Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland Maryland Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak sneak sneak into this show here before I get into it as always be sure to like like like subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get get get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on on on that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline sideline sideline swap best place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find find find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally named named named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome back to Anam Anam Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because Nick was was was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies enemies enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this is is is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I I I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just just just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this podcast podcast podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy a a a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going going going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from Brandi Brandi Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with with with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to to to the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard heard heard about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make make make a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun fun fun and it's free. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk talk talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing doing doing it. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I I I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk about about about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were were were reading the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers spoilers spoilers. We don't have to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally totally totally recommend it Shea tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or or or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would would would be under a rock right now. I even went to his Instagram account. I I I don't follow him just to see if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole hole hole. I went down when I read this but that bad it's not that bad bad bad. I went to his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here here here with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious hilarious hilarious. I think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center Center Center and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah Hannah Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels feels feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never never never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for coming coming coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel like like like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an east east east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic and and and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode episode episode This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once once once a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go live live live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So if you you you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So here we go. There There There he is now in so we're going to be able to get started in just just just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting and there is what's up. Back Back Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes welcomes welcomes up an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month month month. So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway anyway anyway Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all previous previous previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel Channel Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough McDonough McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the United United United States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases cases cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred. The The The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred hundred hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned mentioned mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home home home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident resident resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no rush. Here Here Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today we go go go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system the system that's running running running the whole game around us right now. That's why you have a Mac bitter truth to break break break it down and I'm going to get into it because a lot of people people people said, oh my God, you break down this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog dog dog. You don't get into certain things, but I get into what I know about. You know know know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff that I get get get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club club club with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually actually actually talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he he he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very very very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information Systems, Systems, Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where where where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered entered entered LaGuardia Airport with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses stewardesses stewardesses as he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security security security badge. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the the the flight Personnel. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a a a flight to Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to to to offer free tickets to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after after after a quick look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly quickly quickly assured aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and welcome welcome welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Lanka Lanka Rises to the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her her her career. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans fans fans for fans with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're We're We're going to be digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours tours tours and having a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Aldo Calvino Calvino Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in Round Round Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and eventually eventually eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named to to to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some topics rarely rarely rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but but but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name name name a few join me each week as I dive into these topics and much more now now now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs needs needs Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking conversations conversations conversations with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take take take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited excited excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa Deepa Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and and and she works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials commercials commercials and etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things things things. She's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it it it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you you you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this this this episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title title title of this podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started started started this podcast. I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking talking talking about random stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good good good title. But then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something something something I started to figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So if if if you know notice a lot of the things that we covered from the past few few few episode is about mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or or or as a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will will will be basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be be be. So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and and and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the upper upper upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy Brett Brett Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got a little little little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our AL East East East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only real real real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let Let Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the the the floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me me me do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I I I am going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of of of the questions that I get about buying an old house and some of the safety safety safety concerns and what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an an an old house and then make sure to stay all the way to the end because because because I just started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing doing doing it where I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa Lisa Lisa mom of six and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone Boone Boone join me as I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life life life. This is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the the the reality is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to to to feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always always always going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be be be really great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other other other days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just a ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and your life telling telling telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that business you want to build or or or that career you want to have is just unrealistic for you. So I've got an an an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This This This is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have described described described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the the the show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month month month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the the the goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that that that he or she can get on a regular basis and you think about the the the idea of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have have have had in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the the the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that that that brought me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a motto and and and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known as her her her a team and I wonder with all those a names do you get them all all all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. She is is is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with Friends shopping making making making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served as executive pastors for for for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is being being being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm I'm I'm here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How How How are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling chilling chilling in your room or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your Your Your first love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel feel feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and and and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices choices choices in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the subject of of of payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a a a trifle what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I have have have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are friends friends friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with with with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're we're we're coming from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today today today and feeling so excited to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories Stories Stories so welcome to true too true. So to me, that's right. The two of of of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to to to talk about our story for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How How How do we express this? How do we what do we think of what we title title title this? And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like like like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go go go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy easy easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I I I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need need need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and and and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in in in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do do do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also also also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some some some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply simply simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to to to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more more more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy enjoy enjoy this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on social media media media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers Towers Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you to leave a a a review and I can't wait to see what you think of it. Welcome to episode episode episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the lovely Danny Morgan. I I I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the the the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and and and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management management management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict on but but but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell and Emma Emma Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what what what keeps Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been been been running for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners Runners Runners on my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing amazing amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much much much for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's let's let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you you you know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire life. That there's there's there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have our manager manager manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best best best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want want want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major event event event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear bear bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole weekend. Yeah Yeah Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe Deluxe Deluxe 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way back back back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is is is. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's what's what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long long long time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has has has been a hot minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check check check up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly randomly randomly and stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you and I but but but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always always always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I mean, mean, mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already already already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a a a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just just just watch the same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools pools pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening listening listening back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad bad bad right on this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast podcast podcast when I saw you live say I did not that bad. But what what what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking picking picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you you you. You were the worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together on this this this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of your own own own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that you are you you you are in the process of creating most of you two realities contrast is causing you you you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source. In other words. You are are are creating the reality of who you are as the eternal. Well being that you are and and and you are also in the process of creating the reality of how you feel right now now now this red hot minute and we want those realities to merge and the only way that that that those realities can merge is for you to come with us in other words because because because we're not going with you. We are not going to complain with you about the the the injustices of your world because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised advised advised this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We We We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia Alia Alia ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party party party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Michelle Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well well well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks weeks weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied to to to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a party Ali thought that that that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the Love Love Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting here here here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has has has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm with with with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta is is is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the family family family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk talk talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and and and is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner manner manner any reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual factual factual in nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting reporting reporting is based on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an an an opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites have have have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its Its Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine start start start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the the the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from from from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save save save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that people have have have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the the the United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to to to escape with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built built built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're They're They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A A A chill blew through the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though though though the wind blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to to to what was happening indoors inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city city city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna Joanna Joanna braced herself as she felt an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life life life through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm I'm I'm your host Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse diverse diverse and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's other's other's unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes yes yes they did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most most most of us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not not not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight straight straight to you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What What What you doing? Oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these these these fucking pervs. I know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen listen listen to two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for for for just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is is is. Why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some some some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond Beyond Beyond reality has been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk talk talk about Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only only only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating fascinating fascinating discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be be be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether whether whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go go go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in in in a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before before before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel channel channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day. This This This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on the the the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this one on this this this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going to pray for for for you on this morning and leave my South out of it I'm I'm I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay home from work, but but but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted to make sure sure sure that I got on the prayer call before I went back to bed. So So So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of of of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have have have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy enjoy enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every every every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible possible possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight Midnight Midnight clouds flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by by by Schrute Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna gonna gonna be her tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello Hello Hello and welcome my hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Korea Korea Ki baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making making making self. So skilled kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really really really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers answers answers are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal Paranormal Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight tonight tonight. I'm really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also also also a renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if if if they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let Let Let go of whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be be be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back back back hug daughter of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you doing? doing doing Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain mountain mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if if if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that that that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew crew crew Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that that that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead dead dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get get get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the the the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is Is Is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as as as of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me me me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on on on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on on on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you you you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for for for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next next next speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and and and Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban suburban suburban Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves on on on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences conferences conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a a a CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, podcast, podcast, we've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre Alfre Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also talked to Obey Obey Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical physical physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen to our podcast seem to be interested interested interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So we're going to keep finding finding finding people who know them well to explain them on the pad podcast. So here here here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons Dragons Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - - - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating creating creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again again again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So So So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all all all that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since we started playing playing playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you you you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot of of of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred incurred incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated integrated integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist anesthesiologist anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford Ford Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help help help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and then there's there's there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 2020 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Santa Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One One One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the the the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night talk talk talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow ending with with with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring and now now now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the other day. I'd only only only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going to shop a super work work work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? Because they always always always write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like like like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, you can't can't can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front of me. So hopefully you can't can't can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit bit bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things about about about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a a a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free free free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it out. It's It's It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to sick parvis parvis parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's to to to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have to be a CEO CEO CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website at at at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you how many many many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I see your your your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good. You how how how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 above so that that that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it to to to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? you you Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already already already know who I am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's how's how's it going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention mention mention McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all all all about the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene Abilene Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't don't don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys guys guys before we jump into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick quick quick about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a a a podcast because everything you need is in one place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you here here here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind kind kind of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really really really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with with with a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself myself myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the ability ability ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you you you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Madison Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description description description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going going going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was was was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming filming filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she she she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason reason reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I I I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down down down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But But But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her her her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you you you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's It's It's just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a a a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have have have never met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one one one he is the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what what what is that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him him him up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved music music music so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he will start start start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I I I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're we're we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are are are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open open open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again calling calling calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, we we we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male male male. Hello. We're here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of of of ours top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not not not soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play play play soccer baseball and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? off off All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first first first injury from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and and and this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm I'm I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just just just keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat chat chat with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi Hi Hi Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about about about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to introduce introduce introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so much Beth. It's It's It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm just just just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just just just raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category category category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading spreading spreading faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Anthony Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not not not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if if if it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just just just discovered that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with your your your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to discover more about about about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New Age Age Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows shows shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other shows shows shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join join join me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's today's today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have have have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't don't don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop shop shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your your your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning you you you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the the the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated automated automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back back back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm I'm I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence permanence permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going going going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some some some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may find offensive offensive offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly was irritated irritated irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office. The whole whole whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff. What was the the the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa you're involved involved involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage client client client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just what what what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is is is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know what what what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more more more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of a special extended extended extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at my my my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is is is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in in in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit spirit spirit. Amen. It's called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope Hope Hope is the theological virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as as as our happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own own own strength, but on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we we we strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but but but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first and and and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you you you haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So So So let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free free free to do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts. And so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this this this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed this word word word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with God God God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with with with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it it it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 and 14 14 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday. I I I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word and and and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I I I really really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the the the first of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord Lord Lord you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month month month and you've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are are are able to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you you you can make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take take take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to to to find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello Hello Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing shortly shortly shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have Holly Holly Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the good week week week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already already already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Charles Charles Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The The The summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to to to killer knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn learn learn some true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new new new topic like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like like like John Gotti who gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy Bundy Bundy who craved notoriety this week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My My My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that that that I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am am am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those things things things is Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get get get the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of of of the things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting starting starting their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine nine nine seven one agency created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert expert expert digital agency here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the the the Middle East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski offski offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will will will learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with with with less cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm I'm I'm your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend friend friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom wisdom wisdom comes with age. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said that that that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and and and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in in in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called called called a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating truth truth truth is that before the world was created God already had you and I I I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of of of history that no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this this this role and only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor favor favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in in in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce introduce introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that that that we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it it it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we we we are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we we we kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made made made us start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually individually individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an an an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I'm so so so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard colvard colvard. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one one one. I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is is is in the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? tonight tonight Exceptionally. Well really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the the the good good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about about about the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival Festival Festival selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with with with grade 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, now, now, we've currently got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our our our home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher Fisher Fisher still listed and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one one one for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now Now Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons melons melons 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked looked looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if if if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the the the TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize. I I I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is the after show? show show So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having an episode. Whoa. Come on, on, on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast of of of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all all all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't know how how how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I was just editing editing editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash can can can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past. We Yeah, we we we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't can't can't figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you you you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why why why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in in in no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people people people and popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it it it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to to to figure out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like like like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell tell tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil who who who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head head head of all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from from from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy enemy enemy cannot come near me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch touch touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right right right standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace peace peace of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in in in me than he that is in the world. I have received the power of of of the Holy Spirit. I have put up the old and put on the new I I I have been given and it's been given to me. I have no lack for my my my God shall supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying enjoying enjoying all the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This This This will not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because because because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be be be more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all all all this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm I'm I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Lamar Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you you you doing? Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam Nam Nam im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial trial trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today and and and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the 1951 1951 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were considered. So So So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of the century century century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast is is is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few things things things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of of of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering your questions questions questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on iTunes go go go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I promise promise promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please ask ask ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit me at at at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Choi Choi Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick stick stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod. Maffin Maffin Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than than than you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube launches a a a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting other other other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what you you you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital marketer does does does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels pixels pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control. So imagine your your your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything everything everything from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that that that you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This This This episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted wanted wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they they they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it it it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like about about about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit your your your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and they they they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your very very very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener Listener Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about about about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode episode episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give you you you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves lapped lapped lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many pests dried dried dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before before before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy Andy Andy on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good good good. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was was was much better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to to to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you I I I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're one one one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've I've I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon as as as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am using using using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's going to to to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good good good good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our our our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we we we have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's what's what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm I'm I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day day day at work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy Dairy Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop Pop Pop star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today today today and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of of of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today Today Today. We're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found found found guilty of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time what a a a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you you you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate the beginning of of of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe winter is is is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just writing this in my my my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your your your host Jonathan Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is is is Josh character. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University University University of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us us us some of those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I I I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm I'm I'm your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I I I want to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night night night plus in Chapter 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little bit bit bit about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to to to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will will will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor anchor anchor up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode episode episode or of the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court of of of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber bomber bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's Court's Court's decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back to to to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in in in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is is is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Ed Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge ridge ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun sun sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an an an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of of of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US US US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were overworked and understaffed understaffed understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the situation was under control but Pulaski worried worried worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those those those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of of of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular regular regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on on on but no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, Salient Salient Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something something something to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break break break that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor anchor anchor has simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do do do all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets lets lets you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you you you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus Jesus Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets up up up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God to to to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be be be with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes comes comes to him and he says to him we've been looking for you and and and Jesus says while I needed to be with the father but also need to go go go somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the the the attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God God God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking talking talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host host host for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have have have heard this term. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is is is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more effective effective effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform. That's as as as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 years American American American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do you believe believe believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave bahr, my American American American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on everybody. Finally got got got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best best best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night night night. We have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I I I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the the the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your your your Checkmate your Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything everything everything today. I suppose, you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So So So many times mentioned in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after after after reading an article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I I I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not just just just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able able able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the the the history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean mean mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on for for for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a number for for for 31. One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 500 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for for for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list list list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I look over this this this list to see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting starting starting real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants pants pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls balls balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if I I I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week. Apparently Apparently Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with with with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly. And And And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them very well well well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the the the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one of the the the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement of thousands thousands thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded for more more more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness Madness Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, Georgia, Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy in in in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed jammed jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division two, two, two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division stuff such such such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel and I I I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of the the the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the the the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word word word. Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like like like and is related to a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habitual habitual habituate and have it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a a a place as in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often often often used for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars bars bars or used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing discussing discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to to to get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our our our names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is is is. My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old old old Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main main main employees like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and and and a lot of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 16 16 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at at at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original peasants peasants peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders by by by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from from from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, Rider, Rider, but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always always always this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent prevent prevent any condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please Please Please seek advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 3 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv top top top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after after after Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and and and I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants ants ants we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a a a question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing vibing vibing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D D D. Rho Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're we're we're here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today today today and have this conversation and you know, just like we always do this this this is a very fluid open conversation and to real you were talking a little little little bit with me about your body embodiment and I thought This has been a really really really great topic for us to speak about and so my question for you you you just to get right into it because I want to leave time for all the the the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here here here and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for for for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two two two. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your your your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you you you can make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need need need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and and and Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's It's It's a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason reason reason. Yeah, we've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to to to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're we're we're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I I I get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we we we are now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you you you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per per per episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you you you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and and and guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the the the end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything everything everything right. It just has to be full full trust full full surrender and and and know that you will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant meant meant to be. Welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so so so taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness fitness fitness influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to to to be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the World World World perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do do do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and and and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to to to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It was was was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I really hope hope hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a a a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Bay Bay Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the the the outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester Manchester Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within within within a small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed needed needed by every living cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce produce produce enough energy if blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact impact impact on osmosis, which is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood blood blood flows through the pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration concentration concentration. Enough blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases releases releases the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence presence presence of insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of of of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process continues continues continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today today today. This is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy been been been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people people people on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So I I I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the first first first half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the the the the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If If If you want to follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast podcast podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of of of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the the the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate cut the bank bank bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a new round round round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut the the the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the the the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump Trump Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have have have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis basis basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime podcast podcast podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret today today today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene stew Pinsky Pinsky Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in the mid-2000s mid-2000s mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments participant participant participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I guess that's that's that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on my personal experiences experiences experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page page page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect reflect reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast podcast podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then he he he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your your your host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor Taylor Taylor here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the the the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did did did and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up up up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into into into halftime and then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't didn't didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most of the time they they they were up by like six or something like that but it felt comfortable in South South South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot of good good good performances from a lot of different areas and as much as as as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult adult adult subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be be be suitable for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up up up something about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's it's it's happened to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made made made by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse abuse abuse and this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers workers workers therapists doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim Joakim Joakim at Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with with with GDC 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Emerging Emerging Markets by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games games games industry dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED LED LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys guys guys doing? All right can't complain. You're good. I think we're going to rush through through through this one, right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so so so start with updates and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to give give give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm I'm I'm Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to call call call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and we're we're we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will also of of of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're we're we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like exfoliation. I I I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old old old Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family family family out of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're We're We're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a a a 30 year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go go go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My My My name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, salon, salon, and we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode episode episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that that that focus of us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and and and every Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys guys guys Us so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll we'll we'll give you the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the the the first story? I will start with my first two because these are the the the these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three three three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys boys boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether through through through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this is Journey Journey Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every day day day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a friend friend friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your your your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And this segment is is is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind. I do study Vedic Vedic Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born in a a a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you simply Google Google Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of information on the the the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to put it simply is that that that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm I'm I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled self-styled self-styled bad boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr mr mr. D'andr Alpha. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that that that we all know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager manager manager. Yeah big-time manager in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager manager manager / comedy sidekick on or near the do I not like that that documentary documentary documentary but yeah goal all-around good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's it's it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a a a little circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story story story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Farm Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that that that grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked worked worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, money, money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher Switcher Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not not not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle cattle cattle nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the the the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them as as as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also also also thought that they had kept all those when they had done or not not not done. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that that that it be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and and and where the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb lamb lamb to the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict conflict conflict in irony in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written written written by the prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died died died in 1990. He is most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The The The BFG and Matilda. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What What What a legend now, let's talk about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting waiting waiting in her house for her husband turned from work. It seemed to be be be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say say say that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments comments comments with the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths myths myths so I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I I I wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 1081 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have their their their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have have have been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So So So a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but I I I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone everyone everyone. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody and and and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that they they they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks thanks thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode of musings musings musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been been been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's That's That's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back. Once again again again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another episode episode episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little little little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Rob Rob Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey Hey Hey want to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We We We actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we we we were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and and and we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and and and people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for for for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an an an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so so so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell you you you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or or or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I I I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about about about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more more more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well well well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually actually actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while while while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me me me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either either either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives gives gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about about about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app app app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting interesting interesting topic. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater cheater cheater pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / / / higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / / / podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to to to thank you. As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode episode episode 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just just just so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all all all of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode episode episode 48 and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects subjects subjects. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait wait wait to get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to to to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship entrepreneurship entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other other other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and and and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want want want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this this this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's It's It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard heard heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also make money money money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast download the the the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at every touch point of you doing doing doing business with your customers give them 10 times the value that they expect will will will comes to mind is my book The Five AM Club. I spent four years years years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times every line. I I I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your first first first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm the the the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was going to to to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things that happened this week week week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we have the the the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've got Bob Iger. He's He's He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar purchase of credit credit credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast for those of of of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC and and and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts as well well well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm amm amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said said said that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are are are going to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one one one of us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe believe believe that there is this life we can live that that's just a little bit further further further than where we are that if we get enough power we can we can live live live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this as as as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be disciplined disciplined disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life life life. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild wild wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based based based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth youth youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in in in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters matters matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through 3. So all all all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people wept that night in all the the the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and the whole congregation said to to to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know know know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about about about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins Wilkins Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get get get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat treat treat for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy boy boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on on on the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and and and a little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking looking looking for. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm I'm I'm your host Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting parenting parenting partner as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been been been there done that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that that that I haven't experienced firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms like like like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way way way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes after after after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and how they they they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody teach them them them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called basic math in first first first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add and subtract numbers. That's how how how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you add some together, you you you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how to follow directions. There's directions directions directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to read them. You read read read those directions and you follow them. So you were taught that in school that that that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions and do do do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It just means means means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may find find find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden frame frame frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and and and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor with with with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that that that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched on on on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another this this this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The The The world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother mother mother since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last last last weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son son son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very very very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this this this podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 31 31 3 a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number number number for all neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know know know it's a lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in in in this season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready to do do do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a a a had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you you you know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone someone someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a a a decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get into into into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing doing doing episode 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I I I didn't do that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor actor actor from Sydney and I'm kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And And And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with bedre, I am an actor. And I I I would say I'm I would classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an an an emerging artist. We are all about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can can can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video video video series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off. Wow. What What What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has been it seems seems seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of the specific cars cars cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone up significantly. So So So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's actually really really really interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't you just just just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was February 27th. Currently the the the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your host host host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, dude, dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g hi. Hey, Hey, Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips. Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville Asheville Asheville played podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until until until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a a a Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain Cain Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes jokes jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to to to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to to to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use use use it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you you you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a a a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works works works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely just just just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love love love. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic topic topic. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I asking like what what what in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities having xiety? xiety xiety Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel like like like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way which which which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared compared compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for the come come come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints Saints Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode episode episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast podcast podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting podcasting podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger anger anger will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to to to get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going through a a a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying down on on on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can also do do do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to to to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall wall wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have have have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once once once you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want want want you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV TV TV top now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me me me after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 9 9 fog of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting getting getting so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host host host Taylor grades and I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my my my left. We have Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have a a a moon a hello winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm I'm I'm excited to do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm I'm I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of of of this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy Boy Boy chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura Laura Laura and today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so so so great. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most most most loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick quick quick learner. Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows knows knows. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so so so loved also lures the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're you're you're trying my section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you you you know like to keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real real real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't don't don't like you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you you you always you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean Sean Sean and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited excited excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what what what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages So So So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why we we we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind mind mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that that that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So So So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How How How are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been been been it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did did did. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after after after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier earlier earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you know, know, know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro intro intro after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this snippet snippet snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it it it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step the set set set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our our our new podcast hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop shop shop when it comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast Google podcast. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top top top of that. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life life life so much simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had had had to know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay pay pay for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up up up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Kyle Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you you you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear hear hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short short short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written written written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious anxious anxious truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free free free and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each each each book is released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, Okay, Okay, let's get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome Welcome Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to to to get to a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the the the hundredth episode. I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm trying trying trying but that's good. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm I'm I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This This This is fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now now now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun fun fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer Vlad Vlad Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode episode episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been been been a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we recorded so so so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice little little little break in between and now we have to catch up and record one like every every every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this show. I I I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in the world listens to to to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot of people people people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in session session session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is is is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop scoop scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this this this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi Hi Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison Denison Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec board for for for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator as well well well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today today today with my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today today today is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's It's It's so hard for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this this this journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I I I could have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before before before we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct correct correct the time. Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the the the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your your your personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who who who also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and and and he is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the the the mission of the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need need need to live with courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because because because I said it would in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important important important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We We We need to make promises only when we mean them have a listen. So if you look look look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something something something or something will certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get get get surprised. I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday birthday birthday that that I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a a a little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise surprise surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here here here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 19 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of the week week week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the the the Jews. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for for for Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick Smith Smith Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss loss loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we used used used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn turn turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom wisdom wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor professor professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through through through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The The The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the the the working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is contrary contrary contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to to to do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability ability ability to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive positive positive thoughts to a body of water by healing the water. We also receive this this this healing ourselves as our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are are are connected with his water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation meditation meditation to help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week week week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, show, show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with anything we've we've we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to walk in and and and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love is Blind within the Pilar Pilar Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were up till like like like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two two two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets gets gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's He's He's a very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of of of coffee with down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for for for the session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about about about the coffee first and then then let's do a little talk about you and and and finance and where we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough enough enough on a Friday and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference difference difference. So we're in this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar bar bar called Holly house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't don't don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of of of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals professionals professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please Please Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided in this this this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the degroote degroote degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by the the the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about the the the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free. Also, there's a a a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for for for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher catcher catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and there's there's there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out out out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So So So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or or or whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break part part part where you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then then then you do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken drunken drunken Harry Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's What's What's your name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book book book that this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading reading reading chapters 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that that that I can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know know know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell hell hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that that that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name name name is Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed completed completed the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall fall fall in love and Soon into it. We realized that it was going to to to take a long time. So we split it up into two episodes and here we we we are back for part 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give give give a little bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the the the questions are getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets sets sets. Definitely and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? dudes dudes Oh my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty duty duty. I don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara Barbara Barbara and yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mush mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs is is is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a a a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This This This is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our our our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to to to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a a a pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does does does it pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built built built in all the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea idea idea could turn into a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when when when all you have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin napkin napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Maya Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with me me me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win and seems seems seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you back here here here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to to to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good good good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially after losses losses losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host of walked on on on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level and he he's someone someone someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night and it's very popular popular popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of covering SEC basketball basketball basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, it's funny funny funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo Yo Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been very very very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one one one can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say like like like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able to kind of marry marry marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I also have inside. We all all all go through that I guess so how deep it does the rabbit hole go super deep deep deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be your your your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and and and to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the the the memory verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and and and greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let let let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to to to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for for for Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and and and he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I I I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going going going to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to listen listen listen. This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going going going to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode episode episode this half hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a a a Shameless plug but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They They They need to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she she she weather's so many different storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for for for listening. Please let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about about about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the the the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are are are creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from your phone or your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, place, place, so don't If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- m-- m-- to get started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number number number four and it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for for for four weeks. I guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, true, true, or at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music Joe. We're recording recording recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the music for for for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in the show show show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then the music music music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going to introduce introduce introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for for for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can can can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make make make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called called called condiment morning handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back back back to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with with with you all. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady lady lady back. Yes. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad glad glad to be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all all all the podcast so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback feedback feedback and getting suggestions as far as what podcast you would guys would like to to to hear what topics you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you you you are sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person right sending sending sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise praise praise you. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of of of strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up up up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless countless countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic strategic strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the the the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because they don't don't don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of all, it's it's it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike I'm I'm I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay Okay Okay. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill you you you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, you you you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth Earth Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He He He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of it it it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have have have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 $18,000 $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing interviewing interviewing had girl Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do do do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's it's it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl girl girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing doing doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in three three three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to to to have ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down. So So So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you know, know, know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy copy copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you for for for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send your your your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's again at at at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the the the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in in in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New New New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week week week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right right right in we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode episode episode 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these these these are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them them them in college and we're all very different people but we get along like great great great and the thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious religious religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if if if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could could could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter Walter Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster Foster Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I made there there there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I've I've I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we were were were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of like like like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season we're we're we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start I mean okay brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too well uh hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about uh you know different heroic women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of um so the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was I mean I mean a kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by well uh leaders called the cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan like you know. Kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real well well good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with like like golf shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man on the so I mean phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing uh like Innovation for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don okay well that you have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but well so true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am so okay I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So so okay true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the um uh middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I um I mean lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense for you know like the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars you know okay were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by uh you know two thousand nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast I mean you know been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op well like view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're like I mean not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few okay like ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down well like the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back um so to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two okay like games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent okay you know. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with a you know um knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports events from well well history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on uh well Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of the Hamburg um so open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the um I mean podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some um uh reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and today we are shifting a like like little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going okay um to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping well um them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've okay well opened up the line. So at any stage, you may get a call from a um you know listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the question so like and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept like well that is this If is this the quad point is this or we getting cold I mean um. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of a stitch-up. Do you I mean I mean always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel just as you just smack so so it down six months because I it's been nagging us for the last two weeks you know um. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal and like be sure well well he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured okay okay walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I think duration work uh um in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog how to do nothing for like so long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge uh um advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, like you know but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper I mean I mean diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not okay uh too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, we've got a great how to start um okay your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like 1999 like you know and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement games well so or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're pet dog you know uh trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies and gentlemen, go uh you know go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but um uh beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster Pussycat well you know kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is I mean like someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the um I mean podium. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm trying so um to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a wife um like on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's because I I mean so don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in you know I mean a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start well well this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just so okay started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on you know okay one. Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode you know so includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive um well. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was like uh a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with like I mean forthcoming rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich so um water. It was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the you know um cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled like I mean down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something well well large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode okay uh is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part uh um in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going to well so be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has uh I mean infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are going well well to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's like like where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the uh uh easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know that um well it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends okay so Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that well um are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where um so we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey I mean okay of going from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the well okay ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years uh so. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through you know okay and learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of okay I mean lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real uh so life. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has like like been told I have read that back in the day a massive School okay uh of sardines underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of I mean um sardines was powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push um so it the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in well um this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as uh you know a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next podcast okay so is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active Navajo may be both active like uh but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on that hair Chirac are well so necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a total Bachchan Cooper like okay hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial actually opco like um and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with self-discovery uh well self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series were I mean okay a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families. I'll be like so your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and follow me on I mean well Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and follow as okay like well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week. So if you miss a week well you know Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you subscribe that uh you know you shared this video this episode to your friends your family to anyone who has a um you know need to listen send it to them and I'll be more than happy to I mean you know send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast. Hey you know um guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast uh well. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving like okay up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think like so I think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that um okay. We are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know uh I mean that every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look uh well like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life well I mean that they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but you know you know I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a podcast. Well, like uh actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app uh okay that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an like um idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you uh I mean need including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your um you know phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to so well get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do in okay I mean 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny you know uh leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made I mean like with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for you know uh spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the like like only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing uh well this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And I mean um today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor you know you know. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send I mean uh him off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note okay uh. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a well um lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple uh you know do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things um you know you want to tell some stories. You want to crack jokes and be a comedian uh um. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device um well is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You um well can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel well um far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it I mean like at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads okay okay all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got a podcast okay you know in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers um so your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your okay um mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week you know like where we talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two like I mean heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and well okay deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen okay um was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world I mean I mean was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't okay so figure out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we need so you know the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes well well that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have uh you know we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because well you know It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of well I mean it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya so like but the the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week so you know of March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video you know okay games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables um uh and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice uh you know. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the okay okay copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard like Chase Carter so you know in the house. Yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to you know so chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase like you know again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber I mean well the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as he I mean I mean rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of I mean like rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of um uh a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you okay well shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears well like rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will well like be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words I mean well now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout uh well out. Thank you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We you know okay hope you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to like well our podcast that will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying I mean uh to grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to well uh get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with uh I mean this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case okay like dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first you know you know couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now like okay also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're well uh we're learning. We're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything uh okay out that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much like like as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the I mean I mean easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their uh well creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your okay like phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that well well it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can really um I mean imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's um well everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their well uh app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor like so dot f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast so I mean. We are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording like okay just having a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today I mean uh. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London so um City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win I mean like the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals um well and more. It's another short one. It's going to be about five minutes. No, well well um that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole well like thing's a whole show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not like um listening to it. But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover you know um. The oh, I'm just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games like so this weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well well well. So first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick minute you know well and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about well uh anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain you know like it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from okay so your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be okay okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make money from so well your podcast with no minimum. Starship which is pretty huge you guys it's everything you well so need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app uh you know or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the show so so. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to I mean so all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account um so Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can like um follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can so you know download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're like so listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already um well Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on I mean okay Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me well well. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily I mean um episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John I mean so. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find well uh your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get okay um cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like to take this uh like opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions well like. I have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we so well can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here through my journey like um. It's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time to become you know like reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit like like Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero you know so. We're going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and um um I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that is Leticia stop uh I mean who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if um okay you follow me at all then you know, I have said since day one well you know the beginning that she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we you know okay all knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for I mean well her to finally be brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested well well and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with so uh uploading it and putting it online. But now we do it was kind of complicated and okay like confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we went through a um like few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which is awesome and like well who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools that allow you okay you know to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will I mean okay also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify apple pie um okay. Podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your podcast I mean I mean with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners I mean um a month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that um uh and I think it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to you know uh upload your podcast and do not get you money in the process. So it's everything you know okay that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor so um app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to I mean uh the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden so I mean age of the 2020s baby had. Height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters okay um were talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on you know you know confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally well so have Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send well um me the Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've uh um like I stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it okay okay back. I know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I you know you know will okay, and also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on well uh my counters, who's they also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that well well you've gone to I dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I okay um may have shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't so okay know. I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a I mean I mean koozie were who could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half over um like half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and well like we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well you know okay research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live work you know like and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and everyone um uh else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves um like because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look like and well um we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen to me? So you know I mean we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are what kind you know like of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my God. Jerry I mean so last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific embarrassing experiences anyone so well want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll go first because okay uh I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as uh so polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we I mean uh read through Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and we will finally answer the question I mean well. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He so I mean said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's I mean okay fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long was like I mean I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this so you know episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a so well good book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love this like I mean cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U well like s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel like you know Scott Stewart here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all well I mean of a sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from okay you know opening weekend. How is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind I mean you know of refreshed ready to go? Just blacked out and then woke up and it like uh was like we're about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I okay uh woke up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God um you know. I set my alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy well um was like a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, okay you know whoa, we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon well okay as they beat Montreal. I was just like yeah, we're back in the well um swing of things. We are good for real back in the swing of things uh well were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you know well you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of like I mean your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah okay um. No premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on you know well every topic including the one you're listening to right now and you can follow those uh so podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with um well friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to okay I mean listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already um well be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or you know okay browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss so okay an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today uh okay. This is optimal relationships daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right well so after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer uh well podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and okay well in this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know like like for muscle gain, essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make um you know sure that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, you know well Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were like so one minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little um um bit of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and um so regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly I mean uh to par. But now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll uh so say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all you um you know have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's up, okay well y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people uh uh watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on so okay your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm so um not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old patient. Timothy okay so Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die in uh well the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today um so and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of well like today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 so so. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later okay um nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm you know um pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to like I mean Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of the I mean you know internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one time. So uh um very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this little podcast that like so I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, I want to give like um a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've been running a little I mean well bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on iTunes and sends me over like you know a screenshot. I will enter them into a draw to win a little little okay okay gift from me. So I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space so you know for divine spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with so uh their purpose. I am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your I mean like light and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics like I mean share stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a um you know human experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of uh like Love Light and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura um you know room. Hello, I am back. So it has been about a month since I mean um my last episode but I went off to have a baby most of you know uh well that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement uh um on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt. It I mean well all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic cards well I mean got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put the you know you know ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too fast. Like a so so Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig like a okay like BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on make fun of me, but um okay I'm a make them eat their words because I don't know really going billionaire okay so spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna be a I mean okay Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking out my favorite - like okay you know a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth well you know to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we okay so just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create I mean like some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to well okay get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort um uh done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you see so you know is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here to um um talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and advices well uh on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry you know uh and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be talking I mean uh about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier like well. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to my well well very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a okay I mean podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had well uh to do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor you know I mean if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make like okay all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast uh so. Let me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free like so. There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools like I mean so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or um so your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can uh like be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it well um you can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can you know you know start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make uh so a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to okay like Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in um I mean a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing uh okay it. Okay. I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that and then so um fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's um you know under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have okay like a stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think um I mean my uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? so you know Welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace well like Fanning and I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of so well solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want um well to hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series you know like famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify um I mean follow famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes you know so. Yes. What is it that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? okay like I'm not certain any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you like like not chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about my like um son phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for three decades. I've like you know isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees from everyone if okay um all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally found someone. I I mean I mean have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think anyone could ever um you know ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole well uh what should have been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't um well the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was just some well um boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this so I mean it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff. I like I mean need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with another episode of uh you know I'm not racist today. We're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay well like. So today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be you know well joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior well okay at st. Francis. Okay. And so I guess the first question is have you ever uh um I guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if so, uh like what was it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about um okay anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want so um to explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free um um. There's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right you know um from your phone or your computer if that's how you want to do it so okay. That's not how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute like so your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast so you know Stitcher many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's um like everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead I mean okay and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- okay so to get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool I mean like back to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, so well but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other you know you know podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, uh so no, it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want okay so. To another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You I mean okay complain about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All like I mean right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you okay so how it's done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you already did well like the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have you been out here well um from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't like I mean wait to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was like okay um wow, this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those like so old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going um um to get into but I know that it was a good movie because like uh I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to um okay talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, you know you know let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the well like 500 greatest films podcast. My name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is like so my God. Mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly so like about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and uh uh podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that so well is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit uh so these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an well okay episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium so so users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are well you know if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this so um one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app I mean okay search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library um so tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an uh like episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome okay well to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might you know okay have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding you know okay out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort uh okay of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet uh you know real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with so I mean calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's so I mean the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody okay okay loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I love so um free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit like okay your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for so like you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that um well way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast I mean I mean with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one like um place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to uh I mean get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast okay so for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student um I mean sharing her journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the you know uh show and don't forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my I mean um episodes. Hey, welcome back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks okay well in the C2 proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the uh well C1 Advanced. We already talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting as you know you know we breathe. Screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of uh uh life. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I okay okay calm and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the I mean so sounds of making love my breath is a fucking that you're not you know uh forget. Your breath the Breath of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You um so make me high higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really I mean um appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible I mean okay in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which you know uh is something we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk um um about it more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's well okay quite unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to I mean um 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother uh uh John and led them up a high mountain where they could be alone. There um I mean in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today um okay as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You so you know just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah uh I mean. I knew you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we okay well jump into this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find I mean you know yourself in a situation where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact uh uh drain they are available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255 okay you know. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We discussed I mean okay a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World be you know you know warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were well uh really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings I mean like about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of okay I mean Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders like I mean is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel free to okay um tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to I mean like join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy um okay in flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and uh um I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you for I mean well listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way like you know to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine um like and a few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get so uh their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to um so do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit um um the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages I mean um. Thank you to those of you that have been doing that by the way, well well keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you you know you know and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this like like so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard you know so of so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening you know okay to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep um so in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it uh I mean. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end uh you know. I'm Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play well you know guitar. Okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I okay you know play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's well so let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can uh uh guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich okay you know So I'm procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost so uh seven and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of um uh my focus goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago you know well. It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so like like I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with um okay me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks like um this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross like like around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of um I mean travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and um uh I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, well okay but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game uh like and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball well um game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts like okay and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover so I mean the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not you know so necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the like uh views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode you know you know 17 the rivals. Let's just go and tell a little bit about what is actually like well happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which is a you know uh podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather you know um has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of uh you know age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue so so on musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely so you know. It's really cold down here. But here we are. We are bad back in the so well podcast Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been really excited um um and looking forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled okay well to announce that our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders you know I mean. I would like to welcome you to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge uh uh today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone in okay um 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast from I mean like Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on a train before. But this you know I mean was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting okay okay your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's uh um the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's well like free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has creation tools okay you know that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer I mean um. It's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard um like on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight okay like different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and you you know I mean don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to well like make a podcast in one place. So what do you do download the free like well anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in a um so couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that did notice okay like they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we did promise that it like um would be worth the wait. So before we get into it is only right to well um acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as always so M. How are you I mean like I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I am also fine. Okay, so statements um um of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world goes around I think so you know uh. We are actually joined by another and we are honored and excited to be joined by uh uh Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and so okay author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did actually like you know say it to Mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite okay well reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very traumatized like so after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front well like of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And uh you know again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp um so on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here um uh. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing like well me. It didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great shift well like. The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement you know uh in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name I mean I mean is Adam. I am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to the like uh last episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So I mean well on this episode, I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I um so am going so I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just uh like wanted to kind of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is so I mean the best way to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've okay okay talked about in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am a like so big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the you know you know ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with the well well PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what um like I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll okay well never have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling like okay flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do like so. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton you know okay. Oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in so okay other words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas I mean like to you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next uh I mean time at the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going well so to really date myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And um well it's Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you okay um gotta really get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's uh you know a problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, like okay stay stage and screen if you wish and there you go you are without so okay electricity today. So we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know okay uh you're working on battery power over there. So I have a good signal and well so I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad I mean like reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise um like industry the diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every so like generation and none of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts uh you know told Business News Daily that these facts about Job hopping aren't at all you know like what they seem here are a few common ones and how to combat them okay okay. One Millennials change jobs after one year one myth that some might not know like I mean or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from job to job because we're never okay like satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually um um staying with companies longer than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign so like me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of I mean I mean seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created like uh an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the community so uh here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way and like like really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance and possibly pick up so I mean your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome so uh to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all so like about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are going to so uh learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with uh well the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again for okay you know another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want you know uh to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher. I I mean you know have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other languages, like uh and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it well uh those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my favorite podcast like okay. The friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very uh okay distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the I mean um kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career um you know path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies are like well 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it okay like did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, like so March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels like uh like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on spring so um break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses uh um. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the you know so in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on you know well to them or tell them to contact me so I can send them the link okay I mean. This is important information that I want all of you to have. It's going like okay to be even more important than usual for us to be in communication for you you know um to have good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks like um. You need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to um like check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I okay so have a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas okay I mean and then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2 well well. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really okay you know good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope you really well you know enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for the I mean um podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message I mean okay because I'd love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just you know like mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to um um be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling so okay just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to um so exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with I mean like borderline personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am okay okay your host for this podcast. I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning um uh of the Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health you know well and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need them I mean I mean. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode so okay. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim uh so Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some so um of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what like so is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for you know well the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I like you know wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this like you know new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going um uh forward as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan um like was formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the general assembly. Also, okay I mean we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY um so 20 budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional like um changes have been made to our budget up to this point. This is a positive well um step for the department and helps us better plan and assess our word the next um you know steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year well I mean 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've you know so selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them so okay with additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a you know you know wide variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with like you know but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness you know like desperate not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been following them day and well you know night. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh uh okay long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known you know I mean to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global celebrity okay okay Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is an like well American film and television Studio. They are best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic so like Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to celebrity I mean well crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about so um today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took I mean like a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was so I mean currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my uh um life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on like um Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years like so older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better you know I mean best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape I mean well and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of um I mean Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change uh um it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the you know uh pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out of the like so money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You better give me you know so that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV um okay talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have like well Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out you know I mean and ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And like um as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a I mean you know because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if you're hankering for uh so your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T well I mean show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we have you know uh rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning well I mean in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video and well um podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on you know um the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports uh you know card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is um like right. Now that people can go out and buy based on what his base I mean I mean prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and well okay everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on um well their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a day okay okay or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors writers like um producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work. On the you know you know project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color but not um so necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's a glimpse I mean like behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about color from time like I mean to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is your One Stop like well Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news so uh coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of um I mean outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to uh I mean say folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out because so well that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying I mean well to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that like I mean he Fumbled it. We this is a this is a one-take show. So you know you know if there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in the first three okay I mean seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a well so podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get anything like okay better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record and um okay edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute your um so podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more uh okay you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you know um need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor app or okay okay go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored on FM so you know to get started. Welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be so so immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but uh so four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a um you know few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this I mean well is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning you know um of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole nother well so 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next um well week the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up so um. And yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my you know okay March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive um so listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo Maura uh okay stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him to um so work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door I mean um flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow okay well Street. He shouted let me go. What do you want from me? But his you know like captors didn't reply. They simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off well you know. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and okay uh blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the um I mean body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good okay well talk anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just ate you know well shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All uh uh right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked like okay about today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna you know well say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations on okay you know qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to 3, so uh right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles you know uh kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do okay well you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number well well 42. Now, if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would okay I mean have noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, well I mean we've already had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily okay I mean. Then we had Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on okay uh this episode. We kind of continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the um like mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives you know you know this to us as a gift as we engage with the spiritual so like truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining us right here with you I mean okay guys. So your mom you're a loving wife and you've been here. I hope okay well for a long time. So you've obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the like well gift of hunger. So you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric like like elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually okay so occur in older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be okay um associated with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment well like treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has um I mean an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make um well up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male well okay to female ratio is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 well you know year olds. And these are very rare in younger children less than three like I mean years old the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an I mean like outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today we're going I mean okay to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce myself to those I mean okay who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified Family Medicine physician I okay um practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 patients a day well okay and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have a census. It's been well you know 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So literally my patients have so um been very worried about the core virus and to be honest who is not so like been worried about this. Okay? And therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the easiest way like okay to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uses and it's um so awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your so okay podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you like I mean. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or like um you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything okay I mean that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app uh uh or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask like like Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a uh so name for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach you know um clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this I mean well is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform okay I mean for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There you know well are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone. Or okay uh your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone like like and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast well I mean for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this okay I mean point. So you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges you know uh a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience so okay of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're I mean well joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, I mean you know have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my like I mean podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do like okay it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the lovely okay so Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She um well is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I like okay wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about um uh ways to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and um um frankly. I don't feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think that okay well Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? well uh Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen you know okay child. I am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and um okay my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days okay well and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right well I mean is called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys okay okay and gals to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield okay um. How's it going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow like I mean with if you can hear him. I don't know if you guys can hear you know I mean him. And then tonight we welcome on a very very special guest. He is uh so an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my boo uh you know my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's good? like I mean It's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what do you uh I mean do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I do um so. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, I kind okay well of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training uh I mean herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I I mean well brought you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont you know okay limit myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of you know I mean making medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you well I mean doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want uh I mean to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock like you know boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come uh I mean back. You know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought I mean you know we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like so uh a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And I mean I mean then I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is so well fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was uh you know like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been hurt too many I mean uh times by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but so okay I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back um so. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got you know um me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the so well big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in uh so a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the okay like way people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the us so so. Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify okay like. Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion so uh is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August okay um 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were I mean so clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, and uh so we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked about getting started the like okay painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm sharing all the like like tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice when I so I mean get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast is brought to uh uh you by my online class layer by layer where you will see Me paint a large I mean well abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd like to see that process like so head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes click on layer by layer like you know and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon is 20 in Feb 2 like like 0 infe be and you will save 20% on that class up to the 19th of like uh March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets so um. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you uh you know so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining um okay me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse you know uh me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic so like is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related you know okay we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events you know okay. So yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires um um suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head I mean okay on over to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just well okay launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with well okay Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an like uh angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday was it so I mean was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us the like like cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, that's kind okay uh of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity Mero I mean well Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't lose like okay brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was it was well okay if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a like so podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record so so and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your you know um podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast well so and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything so okay you need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask well um you a question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a you know um dream life. We all have that picture in our mind not that life. You okay uh want to live my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? like like Most people would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it you know you know seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind like okay of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the go I mean okay Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon okay um a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received so okay an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but due uh so to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a frequent okay like flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for him. On the I mean well day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the art um uh of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry who are okay I mean ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a community that elevates each like okay other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world. Are you up for so well the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today with a special well you know guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never called you Bethany best I mean okay Ajman and I think I said your last name right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell uh like everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name is I mean I mean Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard editing and I do editing and uh I mean retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our uh I mean leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've so I mean sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and like I mean what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international okay like women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode. We um so sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group Jackie okay well has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them being in um like senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We I mean like hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk okay um now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new gossip so okay. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super like like show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just like uh they stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree well uh and to my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy um okay love having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's well um start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers um well up. First of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's time um well for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other day, bro, uh like a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of you know um any number two. And before we get going we want to give a big shout-out I mean um to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier okay like enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to their uh okay website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training gloves anywhere like well from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the glove so well that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our uh you know weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your you know um a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this like um podcast helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified so well chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this well so might mean for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times like um. So we now have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly okay you know. What is the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide uh uh. It states that when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the uh uh time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, you know like even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy well uh because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells I mean like into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies okay okay. They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are uh I mean also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi well um. The run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to um like transform your training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run so I mean coaches and athletes the questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will like uh get the inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can so like be. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they uh well get so fast well, This podcast is for you. We are going to okay like do a deep dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner you know you know. How to gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous well you know background in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will so so have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have been like like through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of thing, but they all have uh I mean one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports or Esports you know you know. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there like like are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to um uh sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports so so take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us so like. Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim well okay Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation so so Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had uh so over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I I mean so was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly. Welcome like well. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and author I mean so but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the well so resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically like you know so the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you you know um guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you so okay can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I uh well just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website so so. She just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing uh okay show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and I mean uh brush the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines so so week and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black women uh uh all over America. Ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, like like she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in I mean uh Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter so um Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We talked with so um dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a more successful I mean so and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do it. So like I mean ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many years. Now I mean you know. Did that spark appear very early on in your life or did it come a you know like bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, it was obsessed okay like with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah sat like well on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope okay I mean y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced uh you know Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash I mean um the Subscribe button. If you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If so like you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it I mean well gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let you know uh me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All so okay right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something about that, right? uh you know Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip uh I mean to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still well like on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here so you know and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't like so heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and there's so so a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right um okay from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once you you know okay make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can um like make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes I mean um. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells and uh you know this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority um okay in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there um um are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your um I mean host Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast well okay in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about like um for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit well I mean about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get I mean um any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect I mean uh those of the company and its management for their more the views and so um opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan former okay I mean A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us you know like 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and okay well tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they I mean uh can A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their you know so career how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger okay so and ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So okay okay so this is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you okay you know guys are looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us I mean you know out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former um you know A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company you know I mean. Yo peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media you know um Network. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you uh okay today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going you know you know to talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today I have an amazing guest with uh okay me a first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew um like say hi to everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about uh so how we could get him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and like so me and Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, uh you know the perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the okay well show. Quick five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been uh you know listening to me for a while have been following me on the internet out like so there in the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the um like concept of experience trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of so so not skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience okay well. If you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a you know you know nurse you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score I mean I mean last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just I mean I mean a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher spot okay like. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's like okay a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the uh I mean point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr okay you know. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold one of them for a you know okay hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I okay uh had this card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off because well uh I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you you know so so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over you know you know to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly awesome I mean um t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and you know well see what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content um so just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm um um so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under okay okay the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in you know so the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look well um forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for you know I mean tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods with EDSA um you know. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of I mean uh these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different different okay like guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that well so are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the first of uh okay which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was you know uh going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm you know um just here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to like okay make a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the I mean uh easiest way to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one well like place for free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools like like allows you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll uh uh distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify uh I mean Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast you know I mean with no minimum listenership. That's right. You can make money from this podcast. This you know I mean isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably so you know the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now like so if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying put I mean um but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it just doesn't make uh like sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the NFL for just so I mean about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make sense for me so well to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't make sense to me like well for this man the go out and play for another team at 43 years um like old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get I mean I mean you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get so okay started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app um uh or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your so um own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to okay like talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to well um make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go uh okay to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- so like in you on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about I mean so anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's well uh creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh well phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be like um heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast like like with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in okay okay one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to um you know Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're um you know going to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the I mean so sense of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're going to look you know um into it understand that nothing. I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam Kaplan Adam uh so. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough like you know free agency. I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we should I mean uh really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting like uh podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis um like. We did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously we you know uh both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop. So well you know we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people I mean um really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's confusing like so because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three okay um two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are we um I mean gonna get through this as a group? I think I think that all like so hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an like I mean avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the so um current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of you know well order. I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining your okay um life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait okay um. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like you know like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big fan I mean you know of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little well I mean idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor I mean so dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many okay I mean different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from you know um your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the uh well free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master I mean um jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use I mean you know promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised uh like a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are I mean you know going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and uh uh before you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows um like and that's a good thing because you're not going to get them here at least uh like not in this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the uh you know Past tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, uh you know too. 80s film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a like like Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many okay um ways he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing okay you know episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon um uh patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk about so okay all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a very like well special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons so I mean at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy uh well. I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in you know okay terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with you know uh a lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean okay um putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say like like thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am going well like to focus on a very touchy topic. This is a topic that's very close uh okay to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you so like know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room I mean like. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your like like host Luke Aven. I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to okay I mean say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on like well Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this so like podcast. So thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last you know uh weekend's Premier League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off uh um the bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford um so 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you so uh go off is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly um you know one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media a weekly okay uh social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings to help so you know you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding Porter and like well as you might have heard last week, we're working on a brand new 10 times version okay uh of the science of social media. We can't wait to share it with you in you know well just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on okay you know microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a marketer to have you know um good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and especially on social media in this you know um episode. We'll give you the tools to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast I mean so a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with well um. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in okay like 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through like you know 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that I mean um if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from like uh God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent so um we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on so okay we may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to I mean I mean talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to well well record my episodes. It's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free so like and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your uh I mean podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends you know I mean as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast I mean well for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many more well I mean you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything so so you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or you know um go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I start this podcast, I just want to um okay let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning uh um you right now. It's only going through the left here. I want to believe because you know you know that's just the way my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we so okay save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their uh um classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers um okay for on here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate you know well and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers like so gears. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is well uh has used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's okay I mean a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram okay um page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and you know like her students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like, um um when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so um okay I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for you know so joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? you know uh Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier okay well. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest so I mean. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do so you know that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into okay so the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take uh uh a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what so like you're after. You know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow well uh ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet so like and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm like like. Just shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom so um. I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a I mean well book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think chili dog will be a great fit uh I mean in the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara Cisco you know like Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share with you guys the Jack Welsh passed I mean well away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person with like I mean a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all like um about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share uh I mean with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano um you know say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all okay okay phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and where we were going so okay. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation you know like coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life. I um so bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so I mean like if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should like you know be making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I I mean uh would just feel said that. Yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug okay uh. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in so so a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show um um in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of um well days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we I mean so managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening to well okay the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you well uh for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this is you know I mean your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking uh I mean beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or like uh obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a well you know drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record uh um my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely you know okay love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make so so a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record okay um and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even okay okay distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast uh uh and many more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's like um everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to uh um do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f like uh m-- to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard about so well anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you haven't heard you know so about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will elaborate I mean like first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that allow you you know so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My well well computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone uh so. In addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast you know um for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many more you know okay dude. You'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make money from your well okay podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had your listeners right you know uh now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night uh uh toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little circles uh um all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily I mean okay Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is a okay well giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and okay you know it's beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year and okay you know take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge okay uh but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the you know um John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty like like seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the like uh United States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 I mean well cases confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had um I mean any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our you know uh villains podcast. He was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of the um okay 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the criminal I mean okay underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or um okay wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of the Hudson River North of New like well York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The um so criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were like I mean there for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right like uh here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that like so people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that well you know they learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly you know I mean meaningful given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in like um this episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say um so exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with uh um the weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the uh so storm hit and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I okay um am not used to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just okay so get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been like so a meeting that's been in the making for God knows how long don't well you know you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the I mean uh world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the like uh most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're you know uh exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've okay I mean collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us well well explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True so well Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify um um or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be um you know posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What well well motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard like uh and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now well like what needs to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in okay okay the medieval period things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most okay well people in England lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you well uh were rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did uh I mean face a constant struggle to survive and live tended to be very short for I mean I mean so for those people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life okay so expectancy as low as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So okay uh a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of like okay Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name you know I mean is Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually I mean you know knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany well uh Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of um you know said that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little well so heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people okay uh have had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool okay okay a Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a you know so few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool well you know. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my I mean like name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having the like um massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there but well you know of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues. It's all be um well in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you know, if well I mean you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to talk about that shortly okay I mean. It's light its which and big old Mitch and we've got quite a lot okay so of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always do talking so okay about the game that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a you know well voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be uh you know your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you need like you know to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life. So so so you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I want to fill you in you know I mean on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over okay well the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share I mean like my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to you know uh bring new clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share I mean you know. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is I mean so he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood about uh uh to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo like you know. And in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house and either you know you know places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out of his okay I mean open hand and brings it out and then D is high up. Now I like um might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira want to come so you know here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying you know I mean something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which means to pick like so something up from a place of rest then to is traversing which is to either transfer you know okay it over a domain boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm Joe uh like and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I just like um talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work on different I mean okay type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I just uh I mean hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more energy. So like uh that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast um well comes to be. Remember. I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I needed to uh well get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast producer okay I mean. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor because it's I mean uh the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also free. You can like like edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer and all in uh um one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it like uh can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you so uh can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You can uh so make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a podcast um um all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are um I mean joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode um okay. I like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career well I mean of the competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We you know uh interviewed. And since it was the second time we had him on we'd so like already covered his career. And so I got to talk about a lot uh well of things on this show and I had I'd get to hear a lot I mean I mean of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and we kind of um I mean went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just want his fifth you know well State title High School in New York. And so we talked a little bit well so about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At I mean you know all my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come um uh into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and well I mean try to like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of well like paints a picture of like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about like so sex like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick um I mean a setting where like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh so well and there's like a mirror right across from my back to our it was like a um like glass shower. So it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more you know okay right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you well uh for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you it um uh was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for my health um like and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order for the uh um journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things by like um yourself. Cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you know, so you know you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's also the part well like of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me how far well you know now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow today and um I mean we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter like okay found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, well so no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick you know you know of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every okay you know Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's so I mean most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts uh you know. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode well I mean includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of okay like a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the uh well podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and okay um naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology okay well can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next uh well big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether I mean well or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in well so conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be well well okay known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of a number so I mean of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about you know so the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it well like actually is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards you know okay teaching biology and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host um uh John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology like like one chapter at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, so uh which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily I mean you know. We haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for well okay the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her okay um girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that she's you know I mean dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that like so she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has a patron okay I mean where she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have uh so found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out I mean so she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has okay okay financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her I mean like income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a um I mean content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I am okay like not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants you know so with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that well um guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark. I well so am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And so well today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah well you know. Let's get it. So Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet I mean so we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we I barely showed the chemistry but like I mean marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there be you know you know but it was there. We took the we just say major so we had so okay all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this okay you know is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter you know I mean art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part uh you know of her illustration series follow the trees. This is a podcast about tree planting um I mean as a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of okay you know people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However okay like tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of well I mean seedlings in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections like you know experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to like I mean shed light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with so I mean shovel in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things well like tree planting as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So um well wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast like well in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not drop well like ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into uh um e-commerce or build a new store or launch a new product line. There are um I mean three different levels of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right you know so products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type well you know of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move you know um to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are uh so ones. You actually want to work with if you want to make money doing uh I mean this and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm I mean I mean going to share with you in this podcast is what to look for at well so all three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide to so well build one of these stores and actually build a real business now well uh before we get into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you okay like to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results like okay from the inside out. Our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more I mean uh calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time um you know. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain so um or under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life out of so like your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with. All right. So, well um let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages uh um to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble uh well falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word like um of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And so as um okay you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an um I mean inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this so you know. Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you well so text K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word um I mean Crazy Light it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a well okay manic. I was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave me who came well okay up with this list given on the bird. I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I you know okay sit on this couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love like well friends. I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon like okay everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin um like and I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're um okay supposed to introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy hot well okay take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start with you know uh the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to know so well soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit well I mean. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests I mean uh. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's your boy well okay. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, okay uh so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars I mean I mean 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no um you know. Did you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had no prior um so knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible uh you know and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are um um joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest okay uh today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I mean so I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, you know like I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be uh so fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in and he so like told me on the spot that it was going to be on camera and it was okay so Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day like um. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60 well um. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's well so very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM so you know that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time uh uh and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can associate you like like know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so like so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs like well are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to access you know uh your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Well, uh I mean the only other thing I was wondering about is and I think I've sort of uh you know got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional as unconditionally so you know aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by other people so like if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here um you know with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from well uh Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is how you doing today man. Doing you know like great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing well I mean right for yeah. I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe that's case scenario, but okay you know I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this um so. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so I mean okay fucking yeah, we got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time uh like we put something out because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, um so don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space docks like like podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering uh like all the latest space related news. As well as talking about interesting so so Technologies or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right like okay from the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the like uh latest news on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So I mean you know if like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all I mean like that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for um uh adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi so uh. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All I mean so I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the well so back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit to you um um know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I started talking to like you know God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of this. Welcome like uh to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a um so hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party well well the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our you know like favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And um okay today we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major uh okay Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, like I mean how did you make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so glad that you're here. I okay um hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part like well 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this well um one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are some nuggets so you know up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear it. If you know uh this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back I mean well and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think I mean um that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the well I mean way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more um so like valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is all about like you know her life as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her like well as a young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you you know okay brushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush uh so the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every so I mean day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair you know okay of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck so um and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born in um you know a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have them trained you know so in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be a um like long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, well um it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello uh um. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re free I mean uh. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring long well you know as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that now Monday. Let's uh like go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are so well so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of okay like the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to um you know the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because okay I mean that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if like you know technically they're not in first. All I care about is when you look at you know I mean the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that um like that is the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So I mean you know the Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a I mean I mean back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and like like the topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and uh well I got an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is well you know probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess I mean like. I've been coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email I mean you know and he's got a couple of situations that he's asking me about so um I mean he basically he meets his All at a concert and I guess his group well so and her group of friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened uh so this. She says that she told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast like I mean for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy okay so Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's up, and you're so uh listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I mean. My forbidden I mean like things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a draugr my I love saying um okay among. I know monkey. I don't believe nothing going in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff like you know to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get okay well to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics um like and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time I mean so they're going to throw it in used at least that we know of so well um read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this like so before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during you know well the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. They've given well like it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice with the see if well you know they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor uh uh which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about um I mean anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free you know okay. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your uh okay phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be so so heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money so like from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make you know so a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor well so dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of uh like Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's okay so your host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi okay like like so excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form okay you know of a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using anchor I'm able like well to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything you need okay uh in one place and you can produce the show right from your phone tablet or so well computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app to record okay uh and edit a podcast. It so it sounds great. They'll even distribute your podcast you know like for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify Apple I mean um podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast I mean you know with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um uh me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any okay so money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There so um are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your you know like phone or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money you know uh buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I mean like it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part well like you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you uh so need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or um okay go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza and okay you know the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you uh okay need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose I mean I mean Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to like um the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode of okay um dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight okay I mean women hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon I mean okay. Hello greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just so so wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about uh okay all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was okay like taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles you know so. He had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs I mean uh that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days well okay and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to well uh take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way I mean you know possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are so uh actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software I mean okay to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the so I mean packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software you know um as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to okay you know record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet okay um or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with okay you know no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious uh uh about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready I mean like to hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should you know so have called before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom uh I mean I looked up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on you know okay the field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my you know um conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just I mean like what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how um so are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you okay uh know, same old same old. I need to start this though with a bit like you know of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to like like make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use uh uh to record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor so so will distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such so like as Spotify and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything so okay you need in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor you know you know dot. F m-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my like like friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee um like. Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of okay um Iron Lion soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The so uh company is Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion uh okay soap and iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural okay so soaps that I am so in love with and so grateful that I okay uh made the connection with Avi, and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt you know okay design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first um I mean time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going I mean okay to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any Coughlin like uh. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I think you have it wrong like you know. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk to them like um. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's probably could um okay I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think we so like can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust well okay me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to well I mean your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but me like you know I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this you know you know podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions well well of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this like okay show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye okay uh podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of I mean you know that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me well you know. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon uh uh West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking uh uh at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, uh you know the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at like okay one point or another they have had some experience where they thought they heard a sound like I mean when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led them to okay well believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central and well uh your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who were um I mean recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at so I mean the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred okay uh and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We you know uh have a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks you know you know for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is so you know state your name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm I mean like Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth uh okay Wilson and I'm involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with an um well update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few like you know weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of right I mean I mean now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And well so this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected uh so and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor of Washington so well declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the US well so. The virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We you know I mean just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a so like podcast. Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and I mean well edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you um um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make so so money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make uh so a podcast in one place. Because obviously we wouldn't be able to do well you know this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free you know you know anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We you know okay just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a full you know uh podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and like okay y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars um you know session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning afternoon you know I mean or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions well you know come for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I I mean um Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex I mean like Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the like like co-hosts cam and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio like I mean Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture uh you know. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan um I mean Schneider to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both you know I mean watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about okay you know how wacky is there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot well so of different components that we have to get into so there it's going well you know to start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew like okay up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the uh you know app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's you know um creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast okay uh from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify uh so apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can like well make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You so well gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you well well need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on okay so the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness you know uh. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of um you know everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone like okay did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out okay like and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and well uh then topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your um okay girl goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who uh um you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day like I mean and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the um I mean video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like like like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship I mean I mean healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out I mean um and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode so okay of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the so um basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own Cube uh uh. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and uh like hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own well uh Cube. Ooh, I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm um um thankful file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are like um we here to do? So essentially we are trying to give you a um you know short rundown as this for this first episode on what the former cube is all you know okay about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It is right uh I mean now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender Courtney okay well Nance coming through later today. But until she gets here it is just yo so like boys. Did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back so so to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are um well Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the well you know dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have well well chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, okay uh as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your I mean uh right to see random things. I support my right to party and you always you I mean I mean got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said um you know it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and so uh I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Beach okay like Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational I mean uh therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her Bree so like also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate you know you know major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball like uh NCAA Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a okay I mean lot of knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise like uh confidence. We're going to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some um I mean really tough situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the like so face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human uh um design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design like uh expert and energetic alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business well like where it's not working so that it starts to work for you through human design um okay and Alignment you experience the flow. The he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and well uh of course income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business so okay in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, well I mean welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars so you know lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully like uh designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to uh um promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use so you know promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show okay uh notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent uh I mean we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate you know okay on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and like you know you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total I mean like talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year I mean uh old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend well um Juanita Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting okay like over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as okay like idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with well I mean Heroin just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was all like well wrong. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before so I mean he began to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth okay uh of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, which okay um means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit okay uh we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 18% so like. This means that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than you know uh the 0.4% that economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading you know you know at the economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last I mean well year was correct. However, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an well you know S turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the I mean so stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay um you know at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of bring you know like a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great things I mean like. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever um like you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or you know well throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, um uh I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama you know I mean pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely unfiltered and unapologetically uh I mean ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were you know um going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your okay okay story advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community um uh dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your okay uh health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level uh uh up. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl um um and Danny today's episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue uh so doesn't it? Does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few like so weeks. I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see um uh everyone sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely so well. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here um you know to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are I mean I mean too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as I mean um an osteopath. So this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread um you know and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome so I mean to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying to build um okay in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is it that I mean um you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more of so uh a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you um okay want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You I mean um know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and you know you know notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation uh okay notice when those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode okay like 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals um um to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of like well show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by many uh like of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top okay uh reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy well like what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well like I mean books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at least the well like ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are okay I mean In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've you know uh read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a okay you know pretty good list and I did a version of this a long time ago, I mean so which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these onto like okay the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just like like have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to do but well well I will get to this but if you hear me say something and you uh okay didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for you know well the fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it uh so and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really uh you know fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to so well be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in I mean okay the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody so so Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs you know um a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro I mean like. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone uh so and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur like um astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of like um Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films like okay Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you I mean so enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every well so Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups like like follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening you know well in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV uh well talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show you know okay Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and well okay we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we I mean I mean will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly at this is yall's I mean uh first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is well I mean an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of well like course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should say said like like yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only first got like okay me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a host here uh like at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine be next. I I mean um call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything well you know in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't uh well also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts and this is well like probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All right. Yeah, you see you know like one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to bash me uh um a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk um so now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this I mean uh show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike so uh feeling. We're here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is you know you know. You know how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over so you know here by myself on the team married side, but to my left also representing team like uh married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I I mean like may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is I mean well a reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese okay like Derby hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with me of course button so like below the other alien and Ethan Hello. Both of you young producer. Alien I mean well is welcome back to our show this time. We're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's uh like like old aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, like so yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for this but their like like cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to do you know well a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have my so you know fun. If you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's our kitten uh um Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or two kitchen. You're so like like like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like they're they're bad. They're okay you know not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that you know okay documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers the people who so I mean run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians about that so well one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at you know like consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class consequence podcast well so Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented so well by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening to the very first um like official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November well I mean 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going to hear okay okay a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well as well you know questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody you know like on our crew and I should mention this room was very big very like uh bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about anchor I mean you know it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free um so. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from okay so your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you can like like be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make like uh money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to you know well make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor you know uh dot f m-- to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank I mean uh you for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl okay you know. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind you know so of do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow um I mean your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you so so become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to I mean well them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling so well and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't so so done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for so like D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein uh I mean I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you guys first official uh like episode. Yes are the trailer is up on a few a few sites, but it's the uh well first full one so welcome and I have a mic this time. It doesn't sound okay you know like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across the world. So we're professional um well now, but she was not doing that. It just was a bad Mike. No, okay okay but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around the world, but that's a you know you know story for another time. So you're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl um I mean. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you like well. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the you know okay benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope I mean um There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning so so to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Marie like well and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading so um you with a poem to start. So Andy take it away. I'm going to be reading a okay I mean poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we well you know thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really like okay spoke to pies. Season so this is called I dream of you to so so wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that I might dream you know you know of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear um um companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold so you know you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and we like so the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no you know I mean premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing okay okay that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of well like podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and I mean uh heterosexual. I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So um uh we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe I mean I mean be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and my okay like co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that are too important like well to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic. We you know um encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each new so you know day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering introductions okay um for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from and some okay like of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you do if you um okay were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? I like so would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at uh so the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of well like poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we okay you know use for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to you know so use and I just love it. There's creation tools that allow you to record and well you know edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was uh uh something in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone I mean I mean go into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's well uh so flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting so so and cool is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms so well. So iTunes Spotify you name it and it's great download anchor now get it well like on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have for well okay you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like delicious so uh olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to go to like you know Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine like I mean text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies so uh and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously well so low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down I mean well the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles and how um um most of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure to hit well uh them up and leave a review to let us know what you thought and I well I mean hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at uh okay some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X okay well syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide um you know repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on the long arm well like of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1 like uh. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really well so actually want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and well you know podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put you know like hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback you know like on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you know okay you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom um okay. Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up I mean you know Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson like like. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes well you know and sizes. So make sure to hit them up and let us know what you um well thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on is um so about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong about I mean like attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian you know uh believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people are stuck I mean like here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often cause uh okay dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for 80 you know so of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach and so I mean form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you have a story okay well or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God has okay I mean gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our I mean um community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got like you know a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all so um right. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just like like really busy with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah um okay. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants so I mean kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's I mean uh cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is I mean you know capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, you know like such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect um I mean the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this uh so podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have but um like without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm uh okay with a walker Gable. Oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked you know okay. Well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey um I mean tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard about like well anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's free well uh like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have to you know well pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that um um allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer so okay super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and uh like pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry like so you where you will meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool in each one um well of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years like you know. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the voice okay um and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening so well on Spotify or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right like you know. So today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be so so considering opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird well uh weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and uh you know it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I don't really know uh um what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for next year I mean you know. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting you know well down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode you know so were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in so okay the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that I mean well cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history tune I mean um in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or I mean I mean wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second okay um match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes closed in um you know on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast uh well thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts uh I mean. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want to receive um uh a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a part like you know of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take like well a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of uh uh being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like to like okay do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like your um um feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't listed well okay here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer to you well so. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our podcast so uh survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, um you know and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since we well like had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have a discussion about like so the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the conversation today so okay is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked up from you know uh the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the episode. Hot so like cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave well okay fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on you know I mean Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to well I mean digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to okay okay talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I you know like know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate so okay you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented I mean um athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an um okay example, but they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you so well wildly swinging your view of a player but we did learn some things some uh I mean players had much better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest okay so scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior like like. The former Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund you know I mean and Congressional staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought well okay he was getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the like you know past few years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the I mean uh bureau had been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking for something okay you know no matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid you know okay pro quo. He could play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I so well talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and why uh like that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and um I mean be at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome um you know insights on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with I mean uh source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite you know so some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I you know like would like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule so I mean. I don't know exactly what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving Parts happening like um right now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll um like find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat magic like so Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit um uh with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the like so inside podcast. I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to well like help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in well well their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about the um you know world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most you know I mean notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're so you know exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've I mean okay collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us uh uh explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True uh so Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or you know um wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be like I mean posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys from okay I mean the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we're doing good so okay Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said with mixed Denson the founder you know um of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but what's the best part so uh about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what this man's actual name is um I mean and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his location just a block I mean okay away for over four years going it to the University of st. Thomas and then having so like them on our show. I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need like okay more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding okay uh fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding like well before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and so you know an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a uh you know great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to so like make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to you know um record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your so I mean podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more so well you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's well so everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download so okay the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm uh well Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk okay like about this week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the you know um past week. We got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and I mean well Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it so well. We're going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them uh so. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day I mean uh outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's well you know great pests who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing okay so. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring um so a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let me uh um just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall that's so so got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the child I mean well sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100 like like. Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping well well for at least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for like okay work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but so well it's a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to um uh the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in like I mean literal like a month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep okay okay it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually record In advance and we caught up on well okay all of our episodes. So this will come out actually the week we're recording it like well. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in the air on the way to Baltimore like you know. When do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you you know um drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what uh well it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the uh um mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the so uh authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation well you know filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you you know I mean use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially I mean um the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you uh um about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called uh um anchor this is the app. I use to create my podcast and I so so heard about it from a friend of mine who actually does it as well because I I mean well thought at first oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I uh well going to do it? I have no equipment. I have no money and I want so I mean to ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how well well do we do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, well so especially when you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely I mean I mean free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright okay uh from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can like so be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make uh uh money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum um um listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to um you know just do it. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England. Join well well us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab like well your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll. My I mean you know name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only Ben Curry well um to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really. Weird um well listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so is it time so okay to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I should turn so so to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones at um well times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the Full Effect well I mean one more in gram or it cram more of me in right? So what we're I mean well gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no I mean um need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this so well is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and okay well movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool. Hello, everybody uh I mean today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and she's uh like actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our time together you know I mean. And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey that okay okay led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what uh so she likes about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll okay I mean see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making like like Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a I mean well bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and I mean you know you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm you know um gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with you know uh a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a normal okay so voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm so well Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess okay um we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news okay like and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was Donald so uh Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes Trump went well like to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay look before well so we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time you know okay and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now you know like. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious um so. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're okay I mean talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like okay I mean he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I um well mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah I mean well. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank um uh you so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in um like carriages. You inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check uh like out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we you know um are as a church and I just want to I just want to take like so this opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper so um Taco something in uncertain. May God go in and bring it on. I believe uh um we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to like okay be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this I mean you know episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive you know you know. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January I mean um night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson well I mean a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street so so weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha you know okay from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless so okay days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm talking like so with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a national euphonium um uh player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the principal you know uh euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 you know um choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the I mean uh top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into so I mean the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past I mean okay summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and uh so tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth you know so he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with well uh only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading so uh on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the okay you know only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing you know uh this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take like like my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler okay so Parker and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines you know like. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines I mean um best Airlines. Yeah. It is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a okay I mean doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage I mean so all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd so so FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I uh okay did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only um um known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do okay okay is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor uh well will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major okay like podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything I mean like else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of well like it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which like um you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post like okay something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to like uh my shoes podcast. So this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin you know well show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is um you know the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about that um I mean today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you I mean well a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked um like me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my okay okay life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts life changed everybody's life well uh. So I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I walked in I mean uh there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't working so well right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of stupid um like and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell you want to well you know take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there. He said I want okay like to tell you about something that I found out they if you haven't heard about it you know so. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's like um the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Murphy uh okay hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super excited today. We've got a couple uh okay of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on I mean um Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see what's going like you know on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying The like so coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this. I okay well want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and I mean you know something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening like I mean know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it so uh a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops I mean I mean of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time uh I mean Proverbs 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who like so went to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending okay um habits the author of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in so you know a couple of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up okay well things. She really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and you know so helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each I mean uh lasted about an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at uh uh a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability uh well was intended to help her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging uh um to know that the Bible is full of wise advice on how to handle um um and how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in I mean well the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it again I mean so wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career paths creative you know so Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The Road Less you know so Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops. We all jump so um through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host Athena Calderone author uh like interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that like well sound like an insanely long list of things to do? Well it is like you know and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to be sitting down well well with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a like um lot beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill I mean you know cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that like so you did. There was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney personal um I mean experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool Gary so I mean research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences well like guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie such like like. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast you know so. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of okay um this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast like well. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and like you know edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast I mean um for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and you know you know many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is um I mean everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or well well good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk so like. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means so so wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is I mean um not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about okay uh establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that the word okay so of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be priced. This okay okay is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John 15 verses 9 through 17 like well. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved You Now remain in my okay so love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in my love just as I have um I mean kept my father's commands and remain in his love I have told okay you know you this so that my joy may be in you and that your joy so so may be complete. My command is this love each other as I have loved you greater uh so love has no one than this to lay down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to okay okay thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I you know you know hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast you know I mean. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh uh from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be like well heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also uh like make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast like you know download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's up you know you know guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one that um okay mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one that I think so you know every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's um okay. I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing so well I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with formerly so okay known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is go well I mean ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on um you know YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This uh um is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving okay I mean the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why I mean like this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave us a review um um wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So um so today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of so like animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's I mean you know popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love him. You well you know can hate him or you can love to hate him but you simply okay um cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest I mean I mean export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged like I mean to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly I mean like racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled like I mean Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on um you know Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake uh so and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying so uh how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking well so no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners okay so are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is like uh specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an you know you know engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be well uh multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College okay um Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or like like loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you uh um doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here so okay. Taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our uh well theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started um I mean with you? It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I uh uh had a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year I mean like in college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of well okay came about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri you know okay Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the easiest like like way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me uh so to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools uh so that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You I mean okay may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made it well you know very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone um like. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel you know so reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis like you know of the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 uh you know verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was said like you know you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this to you well so love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way. You will uh uh be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun to rise on you know well bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot uh you know f m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything so so you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels um you know including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money with you know like no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the anchor app or go to um uh Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy like well with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder uh well of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt gooley I mean okay the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song like so by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at Freddy when uh you know polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on okay I mean tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we try and like I mean have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our I mean I mean two episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend uh uh Conrad Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then I mean you know encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or um so did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about like okay So it's like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you um you know get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised okay um this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have like well one word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make you know okay a podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to like I mean you that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone um uh or computer. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of uh uh Distributing your podcast too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's you know um that easy now not only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to I mean like with anchor it's possible for you to make money talking about the things well so that you love with no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is so like too good to be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor uh you know. Are you ready for this zero? It does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show. So like so I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's just well well beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening um like in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that I mean like. Does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to our so well little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first well so time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you okay okay hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love uh so for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you um so can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram uh like. We've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a okay um 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand um I mean titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get like um into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you about I mean you know making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of um uh Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web you know well app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs you know you know to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign so I mean up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast well so host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but uh so if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's like I mean the easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from I mean so the podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow I mean well you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer so so anchor distributes your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple like so podcast and many other platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything you well um need to make a podcast in one place. So get on it and go download okay um the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started um you know today. Why is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we you know like witness nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't I mean you know know about you guys. But those those last couple of podcasts leading up to um I mean pre-spring and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to uh I mean work with and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August you know okay questions in February. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff I mean um and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under our belt we like uh can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start like like with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list well I mean yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and I put out a list like like this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and well like I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but so like Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast so I mean. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through I mean you know stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time you know like messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have my good you know uh friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah you know well good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just you know um going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and what that uh uh looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so just tell me a little I mean um bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the I mean I mean reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously well so in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev uh like to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable age well so. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving so um memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold brew uh uh is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch uh like them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family okay so Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it like uh survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was um um asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome well so to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not you know well joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've okay uh said today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course you know um of the week to come up with things that I wanted to okay well talk about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't have okay you know anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee okay like. We're your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you you know okay guys about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by well okay a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and leaving so you know a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you support okay okay yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a customer okay well is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails done. Her um well appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you okay uh how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes you know like years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would so okay eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would take years well well for police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A okay so gator who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, well well but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of well like murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside well so of her, Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began I mean um. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But uh you know first, let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a um uh podcast. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free um so and there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from okay I mean your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going I mean okay to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps uh I mean on growing and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership so uh. It's everything you need. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started you know um today start your podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app or well well go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word about Spotify so uh on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts uh I mean about artists all in one place for free. You don't even need a premium um I mean account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one well uh you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of okay uh my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a I mean like good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, so well except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each okay okay other. You're some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa you know um. Um, we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have a I mean I mean stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a okay so second to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest well well way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow I mean okay you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor so um will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple uh uh pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with well like no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download you know like the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you well so going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you you know so listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you okay you know by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution you know like side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is. It's definitely um so one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor you know so will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms okay you know. It also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your well uh podcast right from a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have so okay a nice podcast all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or you know well go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, like um bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for so okay me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall uh well. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to you know um hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I uh so with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I sold so uh myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I came up on uh okay the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My boyfriend so so for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally uh okay think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered you know uh in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks uh you know that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide I mean well to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing like okay we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and accomplished well so guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long slow runs uh okay. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting coach okay um and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert I mean I mean extraordinaire. You can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw um you know stronger and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can also uh uh join our Facebook Community by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member like okay of West if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on well uh iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask like so that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years I mean okay old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert well uh Boos. Oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you uh uh I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but like okay the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he I mean okay has a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time well I mean or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm uh well talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times okay you know. He has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are to you know you know business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're um um looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you so uh know what? I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week I mean like because I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized like well so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I you know well read this book, but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of like okay made their way into my routine because I was aware of a way to do things um so better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it. I so well know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so hello like like. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest for um so haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for I mean okay the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator is uh okay interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us um so who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge I mean so today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick around when I was a you know um kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about uh uh 13 or 14 years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether you know okay I wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was so I mean a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the I mean like community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to well you know become a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello you know like and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of you know so the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift well so outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a so you know bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could well like not get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to uh you know all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a uh uh premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus I mean you know you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can so I mean download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with you know I mean your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to so I mean download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in uh um the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you so okay never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 um you know the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel well I mean Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic you know well hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are okay so usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than um you know 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or I mean um sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% well so of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations you know you know. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These okay well injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of you know like injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports like I mean injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at lap okay so record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that all um like of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest Leprechaun uh uh in the whole wide world. He didn't have any rainbows on the island. So if okay okay there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast okay um. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those like I mean of you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were like well some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it so you know. I don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this um so is a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think I mean okay it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the you know like new baby. I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up well uh actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her like okay deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most Sinister. I cannot defile um uh seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy so like tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I okay okay promise you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso uh well around. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about I mean I mean to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At so well Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked um I mean Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really um so good talks about core values talks about how important those are and how vital it is I mean I mean to know what your core values are so you can create culture within your team I mean like within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming so I mean to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent um so Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American I mean okay Museum of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the like so flamingo episode where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on um okay the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent you know I mean call today. Sure. I don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and um um Instagram there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it uh okay. It was, you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a like um picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to like you know the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here I mean you know with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're like you know the CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's um like great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us tell you ahead of um uh time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach you know well out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven you know so three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can um so be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require you know I mean. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find I mean okay it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate um like. I am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads uh I mean weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports you know you know cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period you know uh it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had so uh to get it out of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm well I mean trying to wrap my head around this you started it last night started was the you know so day after Christmas. So that's been like what three months as of this report well okay. Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires like so by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a I mean uh heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts um you know hard and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or uh okay not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our like um last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought for uh so today's death. We would actually just it's really just part of an unload we would you know so just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of its I mean I mean insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first um like topic that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such uh well trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based well so practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to well uh teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the um well teacher development trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip like well Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or the um you know usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books. They like okay will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and the so so wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the reason for this strict back um uh podcast is that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I uh like have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you like well so thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got the podcast like well for you. We are dude for Thought come join us as we try to so well find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical um well. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I like okay don't know. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of well okay issues like hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow okay okay but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris you know uh Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll I mean um figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is you know I mean our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea one day okay uh like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going to okay uh like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well you know so try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk about the gross well well margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and uh like plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about I mean well from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to you know um the third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording so um and we're talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's like like uh a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire well you know. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay so like five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads I mean um which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten some well um awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking like you know um wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance uh you know Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of you know you know Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is I mean I mean one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be I mean I mean telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to I mean like use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can use your so I mean phone computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, well well it doesn't just go on acre. They post it on Spotify to get your podcast uh um more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need uh like in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type of podcast I okay like think this is episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is Braden well I mean. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest uh you know doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the combine that I mean uh just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when so um you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good you know like one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We like um have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play from the New Orleans I mean so Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a you know uh very good answer. Also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation okay you know that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't thank you well I mean enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a well you know lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people well uh say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the um okay time. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by um um the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you um okay push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no um so further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast uh okay. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host you know I mean your content. There's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast right I mean so from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you know you know you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and you know um apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make money like you know. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in a okay uh podcast in one place. You have something to say you want to get um I mean it out. You want to write a note just upload and turn on your um um anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library you know um to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor well uh it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent I mean okay free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast okay like right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we well uh do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like uh okay apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You um so can actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to um okay make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to okay well Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a like uh podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the I mean well more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer by the day, uh like but I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show so well I'll be sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my well you know process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys so so and welcome back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my like like guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid okay okay Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ so you know and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just like you know listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to you know so good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with us okay um on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka bit like you know behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 you know you know Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event comes to us from 1992. When the so so Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths from um so the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of age and you know well geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from history tune in right uh I mean here. Day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever well like you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the most well-known event so well in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some um well 91 over your life. No virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead I mean like the blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even so uh come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much um um about did you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is well I mean coming close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going so I mean to come to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it I mean well kicked out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast. I'm here with you know well my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on well uh this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind uh well of diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories okay so. I have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll um well call it vol 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates well well and what happened? Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a okay um four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just well well what would that look like? Well, this is a very small part of what we uh like are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus like you know is the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover um so it in some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in this episode I want so so to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional um okay maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before um um we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P uh you know frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no well like photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother. I uh so heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you man okay okay. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to so so the Moa. No photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but so so also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were like I mean a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't so well get enough social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap well so. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes whipping down so you know the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it. But I mean like now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions those no-good I mean like greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your host okay well Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it I mention it so okay on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me today is writer journalist Leslie gray well you know Streeter. How are you today? I am really good. I'm really good. Thank you um like. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host like like. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical I mean um Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I so so love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join well you know us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful I mean you know techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective um you know therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their you know um biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich um well full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to okay I mean find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where I mean um their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help conversations okay you know with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Sosa of holistically Grace as I mean like we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the mind and body. This well I mean week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness consultant and self-care Queen uh so. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their voice through storytelling uh you know poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic behind words okay like for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite the today I okay uh affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think you know well fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of um um DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We I mean like got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome you know I mean. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha you know I mean. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's uh so like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women um uh man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to so okay do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the whole uh um truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? like um Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was okay so just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you know uh you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm going well you know to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met let's I mean okay see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's well okay hard to believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health uh um. All of that kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when so um we get together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't like uh chatted in a while, but it was really great to record this episode. She I mean like has spent the last several years studying herbs. Actually, she was already pretty into it you know you know whenever I met her and she has spent all these years doing that okay like. So she's going to share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had okay I mean a really good discussion. I have to apologize that I have not figured out you know like yet, which I need to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of like you know you are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And well I mean we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with you know well taboo. Welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's so okay tomorrow and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the so like freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just like you know want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City well you know at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will okay uh be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - okay okay a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play okay I mean that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking like like up and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are uh so the podcast and the intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent I mean so in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard um well towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson well okay and I am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about you know so the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before we well well do, I thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry uh okay how you doing. I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast like I mean to talk about the woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half um you know hours just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back well like where they take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about like so that for two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that so um Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time well I mean. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will be good like uh and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like I well you know can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about like well the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the you know like most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're well well exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network uh um. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to well uh help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected you know I mean the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for I mean you know free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we I mean like used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins like you know. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with well I mean an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few you know you know weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as of right so um now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the virus has like uh spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting um like to feel it here in the US just this week the World Health Organization um you know put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying that it's killing uh you know Three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide. So just how um like worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based I mean you know on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of um you know things going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them okay uh to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career uh okay showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan uh well. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for okay like this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm okay I mean Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues you know I mean. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster okay I mean RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling like uh very well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her like uh some well wishes. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you um you know sure as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for uh I mean you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the well so ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on uh uh the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday okay you know after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang um well right with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with so like the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of the past uh you know. This is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you keep so uh your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of the um I mean most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there okay um with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for uh well death. By that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred you know like and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow far you know so greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man on death row in 1921 you know well who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted of murdering one um well of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a reprieve from the chair so you know and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's the reason so um you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore. Their Amorous crime well I mean has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even more personal perhaps you've um uh experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the cheater, but no I mean I mean you've never cheated and you never will. It right after all you're in a like you know good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner seems impossible until one day. It well okay happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find I mean I mean us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description like uh below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / okay okay Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who dared so uh to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm I mean so out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may be a bit like I mean fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was uh so just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so okay um Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to uh um hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it was I mean uh that again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, so like Maggie. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits. My name is um I mean Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh okay I mean. Basically, this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh I mean um my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to okay I mean see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing the creative uh okay like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk about what it's so so like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields. Also the time so you know you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists on this podcast like okay as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure to check us so you know out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's I mean like talk about gold. Go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand uh I mean six hundred and ninety dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a well uh level not seen since 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right uh like now is can go beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day I mean uh on 6 September 2011 the record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his like you know den, or at least until now. I think it is first important to understand what so like drove prices to those sites in 2011. Let's take a trip down memory like okay lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges well I mean a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough okay uh experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along so um you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have okay uh you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been okay well searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in general um um when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that um I mean until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name well like is Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the um well thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you so well just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would okay well I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't have okay uh a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest you know okay was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be okay so nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show uh okay for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. We'll I mean uh The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this chord? That's great you know like. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty Savage so money update two episodes in like I mean we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars um uh 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and was a $5 well uh. That's the point that I think we can probably Go to the dollar store so well almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or um okay like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef stick or this uh you know that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart well like for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this is the most well you know packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the boy likes uh so five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week well so and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on okay like the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way um I mean to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who like you know helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name well um was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She okay I mean grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only I mean well schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she you know you know wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is so so our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope um I mean it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving uh well in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I am uh I mean going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is 19 verses um I mean today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow. God bless you uh um. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This sermon will um uh probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The Lord like well showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last you know you know night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio podcast uh okay. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community so so of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online for okay well us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology club and the so okay subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these uploads are okay okay originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in interacting with those you know you know as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at youtubecom like well. Phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what we do and how I mean so you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted okay um to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way uh I mean possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually you know uh having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to like you know record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the well okay packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different you know like software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we uh um need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my so you know computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to you know so make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, I mean I mean you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know I mean I mean that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it well well easiest way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one uh um place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can use um okay right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools uh so to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They like uh also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the like well dead-ass family like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast you know um and many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast I mean uh with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM I mean uh to get started. That's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by uh you know giving a fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy like so Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me I mean I mean. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she uh like wasn't particularly viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise so um. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between Peaks podcast like so. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I uh like am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go okay you know back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought this was um um a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there was um okay some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development like well goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to so um take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast okay uh. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually well you know build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population well okay 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in like um the world. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working well well out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British so so Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the uh okay water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes, so you know uh three years. I started listening to you and I was in a transitional phase and you know like I had a dream to start a business and I had been had that dream you know so for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational escrow and I you know so worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a really so you know high profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for two uh so years, I worked hard to get it off the ground and I was more lying than like okay I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I got so aligned I mean like and the business started and I got everything I wanted and more and it was I mean like huge and it launched in a way more than I could have ever asked for no okay um not more than you could have ever asked for us in a way that uh so I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you like I mean know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t okay okay have a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're I mean like just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart well uh. So it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that okay like question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was uh you know enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to well you know make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that it's okay okay just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your okay well host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina so I mean is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so I mean um that you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is the big fella from the big North. We I mean um have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power so well suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you you know I mean seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think okay like it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a JCrew you know well. Model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed in and well well now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob. It's little so like lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are and I mean um are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right like so before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here again, so uh we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode of well okay the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My name well uh is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to be a solo um um pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in a meeting and uh I mean we need to get you a preview. So we're going to talk a lot about the okay like Box first Lakers. A lot of people consider this to be the biggest matchup of you know um the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the Staples Center in Los um well Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the Lakers played the Bucks like uh got them good at the Pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron you know I mean. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk about so so anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that like like is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for so you know free and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you so like can record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast okay um sound as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might well I mean have recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so well like it can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You well I mean can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with okay you know anchor right? No minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot um well. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would okay so be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during so so wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a uh uh husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle um okay Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she um um peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as I mean okay she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came well so into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that um okay bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver so so the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing uh like show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little circles all um um the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking about like um a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania you know so is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the palala the Paulo okay uh were the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene was one uh okay of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your so um mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter well I mean of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, like so it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our you know like Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean well like this is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody I mean so together and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to okay okay be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a salon? uh like Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We really Mega excited well uh about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell us like like well all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is City way, they're going okay so to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away a so well ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us um like all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited okay um schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how I mean well we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- well you know recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools uh um to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a um okay computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get so well started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt so so get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and okay okay save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal and film I mean so podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills so well of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is I mean okay right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to run um I mean across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's part of the sort I mean you know of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah like you know is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You have a well well giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it and you have uh okay to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My audio interface I mean so is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig around in there and I mean um then I do get if I say, you know, if I cuss too much then Rosie I mean okay O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I hurts a lot. A lot well like of people will talk about that. Those have a lot of ballistic force and uh so she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host um I mean future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and like I mean he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of like well Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well so uh can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good well like to just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you think the goal uh uh is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me I mean so let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start you know I mean out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of you know um people were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast well uh and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you you know I mean follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if okay uh you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them well uh offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and like well also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done you know like so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h um uh or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop um like it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a um uh regular Mom. I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have um well had some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of so you know one of which is the fact that I have literally not had a job uh so for the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from I mean well like a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my like um mother and my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I uh okay think that's for a few reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds you know well of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it so well hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake you know I mean you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your well uh imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow um um. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display in like I mean El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes well uh them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk I mean okay about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week um uh and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not like I mean posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's so like simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know well I mean you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days uh uh that you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that is you know okay how I want you to plan your week. I don't want you to plan you know I mean your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying to either like you know avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose so I mean of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a um so podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you um um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor I mean uh would distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify like so app a podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with like uh no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place you know like download the free anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? so like Welcome to another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, so you know welcome to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century uh uh BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of so okay all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want to you know I mean hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast presents March Mysteries, okay you know you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like medical like um Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and anywhere uh um you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory the um like idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing we can well okay actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think hey, um I mean why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here like so with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be uh you know talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk like you know has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really well I mean popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's okay I mean given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those so I mean teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so um uh a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? so well So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a so like podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is I mean so the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I hope this isn't too you know um horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I hope you are you know you know bear with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and um okay re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show well well. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend okay okay the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic okay um building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing like I mean how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a so okay lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily so I mean from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll I mean um probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This okay uh week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app uh okay today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on so uh personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work um you know and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go I mean like to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the so uh one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by I mean okay Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give you okay I mean a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you I mean okay go all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, well you know you've heard the quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a so well Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about um you know six feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its okay I mean time sitting on the porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to um uh notice a nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that um so person who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated you know uh out of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the like like river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This okay you know was obviously very strange. So the lad kept his eye on it so well. It floated Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down well um again after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy. It's so uh a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We like uh are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in well um on this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like a I mean you know sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something I mean well if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and I mean like it's just the two of us. Discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day you know like there are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade um like into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in I mean I mean their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must uh like have a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this like okay. Oh, it's just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking like you know about those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, you know okay it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when like um we are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift well I mean through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual uh um point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast uh okay. We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember um like if you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us uh um your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks um like. I did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water uh well went down. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round okay like again and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about um like anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's so so creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer uh like. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and anchor will distribute so um your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts um okay and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney Walsh and I have a well you know special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over well okay there? My name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay you know I mean. So Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean okay I mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably so I mean accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I I mean well just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to like you know this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I um well think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And so uh I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo um um cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers um well and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show I mean okay for you. Today. We're going to be talking about the news from the week including I mean well a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club and then on okay uh Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z. But in well you know the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I also I mean uh love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he hates um I mean horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror version. That's the only well okay reason we call them that I have not no other reasons that all you know, well so I know whatever whatever every week we take him through the Encyclopedia of horror the good uh okay the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make fun of it more so like or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's you know you know my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let so um me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that allow you to okay I mean record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast uh uh for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more okay um you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything well so you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go uh you know to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to the flip the script I mean you know podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and so okay Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you so um can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's okay so guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according like like to and in this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break I mean okay because fitting race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll uh okay be we have week one week of classes still and then spring break is the well okay week after that. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly okay so Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished all of my exams I have uh you know before spring break so next week. I just have a presentation for one of uh I mean my classes see your husband exam for a class that I'm not in but well I mean it's just like we're really home free now, we've finished our last exam today, which um okay is so so nice because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each like um day. So I will say it was like the most stressful thing in the world I mean well because like it's really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind okay like of you know today and I'm out of the way especially because now that well I mean I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about well so Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and so like one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and you know uh that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a well you know little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you you know um never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on like uh Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever okay I mean and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The so I mean apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done you know like so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse I mean so podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on so I mean there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into um okay today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast okay you know where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey uh okay Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean so like like far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked like okay to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear so so the tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I like like don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, well like we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was like I mean pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really I mean so cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk I mean so now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after you know uh show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good like okay season Chad Hills. I am your host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you since uh uh season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I you know like could not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to I mean well the fart of my love. I have Miss Janice. I am and she is so you know a biggest the big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since like you know I was in high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, um uh and she brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up uh you know guys? How are you guys doing? I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel like uh so you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for months uh well before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast like like and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit well okay and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer well well. It will do all of the work for you put it out on um well Spotify apple and all of the big names you can make money with no I mean uh minimum listenership. And it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one so well place. So here's what you need to do. If you're interested Go download um okay the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started you know uh. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- go check it out and get started on your so uh podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for our okay um first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old school um you know one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one I mean well of my mother's favorite. So I think it was one of the first ones I mean um she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I so uh was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate. But well okay I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me I mean uh as I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just I mean you know Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our like well time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today um well. I'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother well um. And it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not so uh seen for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in okay um our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to just acknowledge that um like story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're going well uh to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and sharing you know um stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness okay uh of humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of join me um um not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive to like um Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that explores what okay so happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television telecast you know so during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow gone exclusively uh like on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned so like on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary like you know footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for not not well like best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm you know like Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking uh so about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling I mean you know a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't uh well it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used so okay to spending as much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other so well week or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you uh okay are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes so okay on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on so you know his sweater already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've okay so got puke on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah okay well. It doesn't really have the same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello you know well. Welcome to I just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why well you know do I like this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show um well start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a I mean well little circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk you know uh about a heroic woman from history today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame like you know incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor I mean I mean family in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids well so because she was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back um you know when she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth like well. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try to uh like create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on in well well the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast is to um uh speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real being vulnerable and being like I mean true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite. We believe that true strength you know I mean is revealed through our ability to continue to grow through our struggle and we want okay I mean this podcast to serve as a reminder that in our Darkest Hours when we like you know can't see the way out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights uh okay reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on like okay demand. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a you know like Colgan and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've like um got a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight okay okay away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself like like to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So like like yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill like um bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect so you know. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm so well not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff so well podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really um okay cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give well so away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't like questions uh uh things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks supply okay so of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going uh you know to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to well so the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the I mean I mean page and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe so uh you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different okay you know companies products. You want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier so I mean maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better well like than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless you Derek. I love you you know so catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is dull soap is dope is not affiliated I mean uh with AA or any 12 step program. We support people's right to drink and okay you know have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach to sobriety. This show is um so intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We want to encourage healing well so and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of like well any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let I mean uh me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record uh like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your you know well podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many so so many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener I mean you know ships. It's everything you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try well you know together. I remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I um I mean was fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that body I mean okay and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the third episode of the series okay I mean and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost there today. I wanted to okay like talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, so um but most importantly. I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should uh like talk about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special but why um uh not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that you know okay made me who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's was a school. Unfortunately like you know got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive you know like in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you okay I mean grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of well well relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still learning um I mean so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the girls go I mean I mean podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little shout out to Miss uh well Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. I love you. Thanks for okay uh changing my diapers when I was little and I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus um you know just wish that you never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and well well here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood forever uh well. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere get a like uh love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back well like to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some pretty cool okay I mean stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would uh um almost consider this like kind of the one of the the first like not real so um episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other things going I mean um to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about you know like today and that this episode is all about the difference between a goal and then you know uh idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean by that? We obviously there's okay uh a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking uh I mean about? So I'll break it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff uh uh came up with one more thing about what we came up with what we okay um what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the uh like anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a uh well podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor okay well for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't well um have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation tools like well that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone your well okay computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you you know uh don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and like I mean many more platforms. You can also make money from your podcast and everybody well um loves making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read and like you know I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your spiritual well um and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student well you know of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person I mean I mean. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to so you know grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be okay I mean doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a heart to like like heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's the first well um shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going. You're I mean like right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it live to um like neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may be okay um a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're just gonna go with the um so flow. That's us and let the train hit us - oh man. I'm just I mean like saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train. Hitting our bodies so well great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow you know um up. Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I like uh ruined the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring okay well spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted well uh by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to I mean well Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a like uh lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament work well uh. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun start uh like here. All right. Greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same team okay um record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end of uh well the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do we you know well want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win well I mean against last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and uh well more on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm I mean um here with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really well uh good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than um so we would have liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early like like early you vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack. Well, well uh yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right okay I mean. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked okay well over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments so you know and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've I mean um enjoyed the most? I guess one thing that I've you know kind of felt happy about uh I mean is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who I am you know you know because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just want uh um to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You you know you know know, what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, uh okay what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing uh okay I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the I mean um free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In uh uh this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I well I mean am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time. Welcome to like so the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences well okay that shape our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a um so story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at um so gmail.com. This is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear so so and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're going with uh I mean day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is a supreme okay like novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra so so 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last 25 to 1 Nick uh you know ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding okay uh him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued in a stirring for I mean so lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've got probably the best so well form of all the horses in the race. She skin very impressive as two so you know wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year looking very very so so impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him I mean so. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle so far uh so this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum you know you know bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts you know you know. We got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the uh so Desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has like uh ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think is okay well gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win okay so it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're okay like going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about I mean uh the season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit so like. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose I mean like had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls you know I mean on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're I mean you know playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night you know uh toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush I mean okay the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this well um week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari like I mean. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born so I mean in a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl okay I mean Kenya was full of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but I mean like soon that would change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm I mean well going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of so I mean the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to I mean okay the conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes well uh About it to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz so well right now in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know well like response already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to you know I mean another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of topics including like um our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff here so like spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm picking um um up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia class as like uh we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them. It's pretty well like funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with the okay so caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar I mean like at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us uh uh today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to you know I mean preview. But first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's not so like in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, but um uh bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is even I mean like Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where like um the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, first well I mean we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a half um uh. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was a little odd um so knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof so you know. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably like you know a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our um okay number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and there like um were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure well well what is safe for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve um like that but also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So well uh nobody was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over a I mean you know thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting like okay down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back okay I mean to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged with um you know the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking I mean so sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special so I mean. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym on September okay okay 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed with okay like rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking like so about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also well okay quarter extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of I mean okay it and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I um well have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of quarter well um extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced you know well to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just don't I mean okay teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically the you know like first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing something right. So okay well throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in I mean well this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's I mean okay an Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like like well sahitya Academy Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of uh you know mine and there is something about the way he write his story. These the way I mean I mean he brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his you know well writings and today you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while you know so where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to um I mean get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till so well now everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you um uh will get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you I mean um have got this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is like well your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll uh okay be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go um um for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday well um positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for okay uh joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you choose I mean okay to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll okay so be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is something I um um couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very first wash well so guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media for a long so um while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast God over well okay a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon and I so okay remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I you know I mean was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today we have got well like in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan. Karate um I mean club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where we mentioned. It uh well would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we um like have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, so uh I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? um like Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm you know so trying to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode uh so set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for one person okay like and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and I mean uh you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're I mean you know probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to okay okay yeah, we said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first like uh time tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions I mean um that you emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's okay okay a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not uh I mean like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back okay so to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, uh I mean it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what your uh okay balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just because um okay your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? you know okay Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that uh well hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children um you know and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create peace and uh I mean authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer writer you know like and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am okay like terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & um I mean 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the information well um for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a well like high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's so like guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team I mean uh of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the uh I mean world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New I mean so York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine like like artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from I mean you know time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation so well. We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly you know so this is guy who came into the scene and we all know who he is, like you know which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not uh you know a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna so so go finger the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode of officially you know well unofficial. Hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and so uh this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they hot or like you know are you just desperate? How was your day? My day was very boring. How so okay was yours? I was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons you know I mean. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can talk like so about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and okay um FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our phones. I do a lot I mean I mean of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you so I mean listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then so uh move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered you know okay Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that and well you know that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm well uh not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try like I mean to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make you know okay life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets uh like and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan like okay McClain streaming live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to um okay the money live. I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining so so us soon and look who just popped on. Hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? well okay Dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing well well this this special broadcast. We normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but uh you know we have to talk about Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I like uh are all investors in not as users of the company, but we're actual uh you know investors in the series a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the okay so parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed the rules offering free I mean okay training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday okay you know. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we like like just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's I mean I mean helping fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for you know well the homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No okay uh. No, it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is well I mean no more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why don't I talk well so in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you uh like into your weekend. We're going to start going to start your week off you know um right? Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you so you know guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his well um medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a like so living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll talk um like a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and thriving okay well Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here to um like talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo for I mean I mean Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one like um with Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and like well the AFC Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was okay um the game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that I mean like demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to um um be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well like um quite frankly because I have a horse and I went and I didn't like well so I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang well I mean today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the well uh fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material I mean um change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell like well basically indicated that the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain I mean well. It will surely way on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some uh you know time. This came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we said about you know I mean the FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question I mean you know that remains is where will the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting okay uh of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses you know like look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 today well um. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do I put so you know my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I have well like no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth okay I mean. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be like okay multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood. I will not so you know offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the portion of well uh my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are Fallen well well unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The Lord who well so has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World um okay Cup winner. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring you know uh UCLA match. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's so well okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got uh like the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is okay um up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be well well Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a like okay somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to Sweden um like to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how well you know many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a you know you know person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a traumatic event or well okay series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the biggest underlying you know um causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They I mean so had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, well well but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the so well shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get out like so of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick well okay shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to okay okay my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a you know so podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the ground I mean well. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how um I mean do I record an episode? How do I get my show into like All the like you know apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my podcast? Well, like uh I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor I mean um. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast well okay and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's um so the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and uh you know there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from um you know your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple you know like and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can I mean uh make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You um um gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you uh well need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor um I mean on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the I mean well madness. Yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to my man. Everything in like I mean YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're you know well doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a um um little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use so um the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many okay like different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from well well your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free you know um anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master well so jigs when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save I mean I mean 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is well like the final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to uh you know be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about uh I mean this juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant um uh energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome well I mean to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual like you know Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's a bit of a myth like like in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's I mean um that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him okay um limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man okay so who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all about I mean uh living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me I mean like and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening okay I mean you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it uh you know all begins with you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, uh well of course, I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I okay okay always say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it I mean um like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's I mean uh last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because you know like it's like mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber joined like you know by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just getting okay so over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying to okay uh recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed the right way. I'm headed the right direction. I well well think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On the mend we uh I mean did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night and you like uh were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck it out for okay you know our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so for this you know uh episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure you're following us on you know I mean our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of things over there doing so um daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very well. Good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this uh well stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all well uh about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of uh you know all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are we just well well dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do things like well with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit your you know so podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome. Yes. Now I mean so is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after um well you post it? Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so I so like can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't have you know uh to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money well like off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast with no so uh minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making money man well you know. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need to to make uh well a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let you know uh me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit um okay your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for like well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can you know uh make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make uh well a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of okay um my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties like I mean are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she loves somebody uh um else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away with uh um her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but within a month okay um my friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had I mean um an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such experience has well well made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be so so explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become uh uh more masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such you know you know an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their Destiny um so or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of what so like they would like and as a man this is important to your success like so. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not only that if you want uh um to become a man of value so that way other men or other people in general can uh so lean on you. You're going to have to learn this. So here's the um so deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person um like who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not you know so going to do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little I mean well bit to explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five okay uh to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring you know well this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the cutout well like fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit lonely to like um be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we had okay like our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to Rob our okay so amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite to be so well fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our first like so we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last well you know week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys well I mean want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So okay you know myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so we well I mean got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so so well you know it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you uh so there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die okay well of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a so you know man was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested well like this man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison okay well and 34 years later. He got his wish so if you like your coffee hot, okay like but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of you know um murder. Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his life so um in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here I mean uh at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I would go around and do uh okay something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if I mean um they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to you know well pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, I mean okay they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm well uh sure in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another so you know official guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two okay okay Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share so well with you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this I mean uh weekend. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom okay well from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of so I mean philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through uh I mean this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the uh um film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when you know you know they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it well uh for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well I mean me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and you know so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for okay well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you um I mean can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make uh okay podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get well you know started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the Earth with brilliant you know uh presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay, maybe okay I mean it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled with the okay okay tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T um uh starter, we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for so okay their classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday like I mean funny is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save okay uh this listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional uh okay comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of so um humor follow him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this okay I mean is Friday fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday I mean like funny is I am here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you you know I mean gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam uh like cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? well like Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we in so uh the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for a you know so while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's very so you know very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community okay I mean. We need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do uh you know that? We do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really okay so believe that you can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, I mean so then that means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain uh you know sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan well like Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check so um out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify uh so only episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to uh um the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes like like descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't so well believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital um okay Management. And this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a you know okay half in the markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International like so equities as well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought I mean well it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills you know I mean aux-in. To discuss what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on uh well the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking um um to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you um well very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by uh okay the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be like well about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments well um account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about um okay blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed okay like off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was like I mean only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do you know uh before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could well you know just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly okay um say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the you know uh top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to uh well 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay uh okay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports uh okay events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen well well free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st 1995 as the final buzzer um well sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern so like Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr you know like. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the so so founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people uh uh overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week like well as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for uh I mean effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective I mean well therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they so um overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live uh uh a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks so you know to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards you know um areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth um well for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where uh like to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary like so. Bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my well I mean boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor. Why like I mean do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, um um like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do you um I mean not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the app like okay that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I first got well okay started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an app you okay uh download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that like so allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor well um will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be heard I mean okay on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it to Modify an well I mean apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you can make like you know money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need I mean um to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to get started making a you know like podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app or go to I mean like Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you well uh this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on uh you know Vale. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie okay uh Wonder song as the best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And well uh all it did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song okay well for me of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, okay uh first of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to you know okay go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and He's my you know um favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the message like like on it. Is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need to give the I mean okay love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted to I mean uh get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in so I mean your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost the um you know joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are okay okay actually making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event I mean uh because we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one of those you know uh life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off so like if they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot I mean so is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books you know so. We need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all I mean like going digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything uh I mean from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let um you know me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but uh well not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's uh okay no money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it um I mean works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no so you know money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want I mean like to go with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit like um your podcast right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your I mean like podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you so okay can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that well you know any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast like uh in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked to I mean um an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were uh I mean young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted you know I mean to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show. Thanks I mean you know for watching. I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with a compliment I mean I mean their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real life. Well, I'm okay uh super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super important to me as uh I mean well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going to talk about Jeff Buckley or IP okay you know because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking to like okay you about money. But not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and okay uh health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in uh well your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life well I mean spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from you know you know people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this is our time for um well us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here we go like like dear Lynn. I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked well I mean about marriage. He's actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a little frustrating uh like when I see others getting married and starting their families. I promise I am well so genuinely happy for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor well okay five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson by you know uh day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports car. Please I mean uh. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all love. Hello boards guard uh so investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have okay you know some cards to tell you about today? The sports card Market is on fire and there so you know are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait um like to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My you know so name is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful so well guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of I mean uh course all things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you like I mean doing today? Adam? I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I I mean I mean should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I okay you know began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how you know like to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so um like complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m okay so is all about, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me um well. Started podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you are looking at doing okay okay a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I can so like always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release for you know um me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget the choreography well so and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened to so okay the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in the I mean okay shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training you know you know gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but okay um I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just filled music uh I mean and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all these musical so so landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going to be or when it so like will be but it just happens after you listen to it for a while okay uh and then when you actually then go right let's plug in and learn the like I mean choreography when those two things come together and you teach your already naturally in the okay um music. So those little moments that your son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related so like to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment our okay like bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode well uh of Grey's in hell. I thought we should start by digging into the farm you know okay crisis of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent so well and what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address like you know that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been so um a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the uh I mean Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant I mean like governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you well like a little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record you know um my podcasts. I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these really awesome creation well um tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone okay you know or your computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear uh like it on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money I mean well from your podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really I mean like everything that you need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it uh like really useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app um you know or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling uh well you it's just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into so okay creating your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes well I mean. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning and okay um welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next few minutes uh um. You have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some I mean um inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of I mean so God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God for uh uh your life if you'd like to know that and if you want to orient so uh and just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy uh um to do that. But remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well uh me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and like uh edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for okay okay you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you like like can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you like uh need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo I mean um the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm I mean so so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion like uh assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much okay I mean money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your well so personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name uh so is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear you know well talk about something that is kind of alien to me. I am well well not very I'm very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, well okay Karen tell me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed well so Beyblade. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when we so I mean grew up so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 uh so 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a so you know throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime so um when they were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon okay like Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from well I mean modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st uh okay. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm uh you know the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance uh well. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you today. It's like okay very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm due to some you know like stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure. Butts were in our like well Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition of the um well MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a guest this uh uh week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to do some things so I mean that are a little different from what we usually do on a podcast and you know okay it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode of I mean like you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal you know um spiritual principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner. My you know you know name is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful so you know with easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with uh well practical tools to create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to so okay this episode and also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our well you know special guest today is Julie householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion uh I mean practitioner and she also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a I mean so fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic like like of forgiveness. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well so I mean is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's okay I mean everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just you know you know stop doing bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, so okay guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the what would um okay you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because I'm so okay still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest uh I mean lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So I mean so that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a so well baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for estheticians I mean like. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective okay well. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys well well in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the well I mean treatment room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren you know you know. I'm Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a so so few questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure okay um we're answering the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but uh like we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles so um. So today we are going to be having a very special guest on which you know well is Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my okay okay daughter Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On okay uh this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's well so kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have you know well for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? This episode so like were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video you know like as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording okay okay this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about so you know nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a uh okay music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians okay um that I think are doing really cool things right now and ask okay uh them questions about all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal I mean like angle. So we're talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us you know you know to create and listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live so okay in a music Society. I am so so excited for this episode well like. So I'm going to get to call one of my favorite musicians. He's well well someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made um uh with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on like I mean your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the like well only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since I mean I mean 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan like uh. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has okay so the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm you know I mean. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in um like the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted so like all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what you know so I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting so so your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor okay okay FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a I mean uh creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your well so phone or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you know well it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from okay okay your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one okay like place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type like so in hat. Get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl like I mean lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected so okay instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney well okay plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at uh so BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the okay well green and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that well I mean was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly well like what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be um so seeing a kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of okay like loci or straight out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite so I mean a few times after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at you know um least two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see in the like uh upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like well I mean to see in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe well well for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie I mean uh news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like you know I mean to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night so okay toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your so you know brush around each to the ring. It's heroines week where every day we talk about okay like heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior well you know Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled so I mean over the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti I mean I mean people had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and show Paul you know I mean took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli and Welcome okay you know to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying to get it so so started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided that you know okay fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, it's just the like okay boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured why not let our like so viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts and certain Interest on well so topics throughout this community huge shout out to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm like uh already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's um uh there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a you know so series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale like uh for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want like uh to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today I mean um and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True well like Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th you know you know 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in uh well Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are back with back baby I mean so after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going um so to be a Christmas break. We're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're um so gonna Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have so well no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then uh like we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be completely well uh honest with you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt well you know a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a lot you know uh of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a well well what-what? Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what um okay we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger uh okay. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going um well on? I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more I mean like than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes you know like. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell you okay so really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I love okay so um so off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before uh I mean we get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I want to well uh talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a um well daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means okay you know to live with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18 so uh. So we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our okay well inner self is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for like like us an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not uh I mean to the things that are seeing but to the things that are unseen you know so for the things that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like. It's okay uh anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make like so a podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, you know like it can make you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your uh uh podcast right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch like okay craft have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for so well you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would so like download a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in um uh order to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you well um you record the ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything so okay that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always like I mean wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download um I mean the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor like um anchor for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All uh okay right, this is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation okay so tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your um uh phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be I mean okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are so I mean really cool tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to okay uh help make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you like so to make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you I mean you know need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested um um in doing something like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or so like go to Anchor dot f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA um well Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so so I mean what up? What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like okay uh them. Anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on okay you know top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the podcast so I mean that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He has well uh smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for a while like so and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road and we um okay thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help well you know a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action uh okay. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our um um conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable uh like form to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically okay so introduce ourselves so you can get to know us that more about who you like like actually listened to and then down the line move very much want to delve well like into some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where well so personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a okay uh wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We um I mean find lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables uh I mean. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for um I mean this week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some um uh of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our you know I mean family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, um so you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi okay so KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show like okay notes. Hello. I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to but okay well I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to know like I mean an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear like well it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear me like I mean every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question was sometimes like I mean I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen like um to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without I mean you know a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you you know you know can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can I mean you know download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening uh so to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be so I mean sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or well like browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So well you know you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition well so of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show um so. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer your I mean well questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I mean like I have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my well well coach because I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and so well how hard it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to well I mean fall into this pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A you know you know way, which I know better than to do but I just kind of like uh got caught in a loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my you know okay coach said something to me so very profound and the shift that it you know like has created since then has been so powerful that he just knew that I uh like had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker link um so and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas for okay so the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy too um well. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have some kind of uh you know beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along with us with we got the so I mean doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the beverage of the night. It's okay you know our day off tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters on this night, but um okay mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it I mean okay was we watching the Super Bowl. It was the Chief versus the And this I mean well one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford well um copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help I mean uh you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road like okay. They're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today like well is Monday, March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader I mean I mean. Nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the like you know Singapore exchange. He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused like okay the collapse of one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you you know okay have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help like okay on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two okay okay board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the okay well important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question for okay you know the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you uh well need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm I mean okay your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope women okay like to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood in this well you know episode. We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money okay um sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through okay okay our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as well uh other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are you know okay thinking cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to uh well leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, um I mean but basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with I mean okay like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and I mean okay then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up um I mean. Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend uh uh and she just like got right and did not try to get to know me like well at all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, like I mean let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's okay so do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right um uh down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I feel like um like I always need to be in control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? like like And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and well well she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk and learn about God's okay uh word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply like so on things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of um um meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you to um I mean tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So like um please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee I mean um podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly I mean so B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like you know I mean listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee well uh with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about well like this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone numbers I mean um. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your like so question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have um well the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these um I mean episodes right? I think so. I don't want to just let it sit here uh you know if I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you well well today is because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This um you know is warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with uh so me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out um so the trash. Too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked you know like. Thank you. Almost got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being so uh polite. So I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into uh uh the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I well well feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say uh so like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or um so 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like I mean okay tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know so like why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why uh um because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means well well. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and okay uh I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is okay I mean gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's uh so been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for a while okay I mean now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say the uh um thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right uh like. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks of I mean well it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying well uh to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you know, we'll you know uh get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you I mean um know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always you know so date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this so you know all of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief okay I mean. What's up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a so like good day. I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I you know uh woke up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked like so out did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late I mean uh. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and um you know then I just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined I mean well today by with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? well um - oh for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? you know uh I just got home from the gym. So I apologize for any background noises I mean like munching on some food. So I had to clear my throat kind of you know okay getting over sickness at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking uh I mean today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so okay uh tech-savvy how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack so you know up because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called you know I mean anchor which I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives well well you step-by-step directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio you know so is exceptional. There are free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute I mean uh the out your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just um like download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started well uh that anchor ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome uh I mean to another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in you know I mean Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a you know um name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind you know uh of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast well you know at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so I mean I mean I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's um I mean everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement my thoughts I mean uh that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What well you know have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and it's stuck in my you know like throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and I mean like thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here okay okay in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also a co-working you know like space where people can come and even record here. We have a number of people uh like who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, Not that well like we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which is about so okay coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the Thumbs Up um like And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening via podcast you know I mean or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a comment if you know like you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, so um we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful like I mean entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to access your you know you know free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Begin right so okay here. Yes. What a treat. I want to stop being so nervous. Hi. I was like so here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's uh uh fabled treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the like um youngest son of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off uh I mean the southwestern coast of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he um well tried to swim to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked you know well a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to um so an uncertain fate. These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but well so we're looking for them. And now we're working twice as hard as gone is I mean you know now a weekly show in addition to our regular shows every other well I mean Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being um so broadcast from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain I mean um Rosales and thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind like well the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into well so bigger acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather uh um a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and okay so say which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What well so up? My name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find so okay us on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, so um what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that uh like easy. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more well uh targeted a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got well uh done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy so I mean. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here like um soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson so okay Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are well like you? Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having me like you know and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I you know like originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice little full-circle moment okay so for the three of us to finally be able to do this and on okay um such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at home so well both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals like well this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just so uh tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues okay like with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my I mean uh first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you like you know so much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking I mean um the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do not I mean uh take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the day after uh okay a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was in a hard like like place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble me and um um for me to take a few steps back and really realize what are the I mean I mean gifts that God has given me what has God given me to impact to make an um okay impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this okay I mean desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor um I mean its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's you know uh creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your so well phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be like I mean heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from like like your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in well well one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to so so Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again like so. So tonight we're going to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am you know I mean joined by Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before well um. I know that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country I mean well needs is a king. Oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm not saying we you know well need a monarch with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some okay okay like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how well um much better would our political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every you know um like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we I mean um have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, uh I mean right? So he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job so well is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first uh I mean fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting um okay your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is okay so the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools like okay that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer um so. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple um you know podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum well okay listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the so well free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll I mean um learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best okay I mean deal what scans to watch out for and much more here's your host and okay okay one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free you know you know. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from uh you know your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can you know well be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your uh um podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make okay I mean podcast in one place. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our very like so first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for you know well you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that you just you know so heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check out their new um um release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme song is called um um Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've okay okay ever considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place well uh I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast I mean like and get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks okay like of the button. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast like um and many other platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it well I mean from my phone from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I like um want to do I can do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you I mean like with sponsorships. They helped me with so much. They literally do it. All I okay I mean can't think of a better place to start a podcast for a beginner for a you know uh pro. It doesn't matter again. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot like so. F m-- to get started again download the app today. It's free, or you okay okay can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit well you know of an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose you know okay here. Thought I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this okay so podcast is going to be about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe well okay and get yourself set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super so uh kosher about seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading uh uh listening to everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I well so thought why don't I give you my thoughts and try and give you some okay well tips and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening so I mean to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow you know well him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where uh so you can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the you know so Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery uh you know size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing well I mean to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam uh I mean Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community so like in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly um okay something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for well you know it to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little you know I mean bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So you know uh let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that we've uh okay always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is well um to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and uh um other Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary I mean well stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of like uh urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam so okay and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can uh um go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you know uh you know? Yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like you know I mean I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of uh so Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about uh so the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish for like okay Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets okay well globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one you know like always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode is brought okay um to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a friend so uh reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. He okay like was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me um like download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's the I mean I mean easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to so like be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them how like I mean to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where I mean I mean we talk to you about how you can start and grow your like like hardscaping business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where well I mean every day we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO so okay for landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you well uh need to do to be able to track and Target keywords to show up okay you know as a Top of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it I mean um getting into creating a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something um so that I've been working on for the past 5 years at least now with creating uh well websites and how two hearts keep was the next one in a series of so so websites that I've created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the uh I mean boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little uh um bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I I mean well will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a you know you know podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you like um to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute um um your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my well you know bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership like like. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this you know okay rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We got been you know like your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We got you know you know four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good so you know and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you know okay you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and okay well anchor distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if uh like you're looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts like okay right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today. Oh you know uh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain my West so um Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett here okay you know Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where I mean like we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's on the um like deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank you like okay all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around 70 listeners um well. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi I mean so Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make um you know the honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai uh um time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross so I mean rental yields in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell um I mean given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is probably not likely an like well investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of weeks ago like like. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks in New Zealand and you know uh they said can you comment on an article that we're writing for our website where well so they were showing by the latest core logic data that the the median gross rental like okay yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment you know like and Parnell the gross yield for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where uh um we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you for joining uh I mean us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We are celebrating um so women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, so we like well thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Amy what uh like could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so I know in like um a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge piece of news that I mean well was covered in the media last week. So I thought it might be like like nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people well well haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across uh I mean an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler so I mean in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are so you know the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy like so this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, okay you know you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that well like stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me okay so. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon okay you know with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're looking at the I mean like top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different most of well well us go through life and not knowing who we are or what we want uh so to do at least until a few decades in we go through many false starts and okay like travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly right well well for us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you like you know please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would really like uh help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and uh like we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week um okay on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success like so webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the okay I mean unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be you know so doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation well okay whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please do join in we do need everyone uh um to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart I mean well. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz you well well might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current you know well phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our you know like 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk well well about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, okay I mean but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really so um don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was my like uh frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes. I so like said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to make uh you know sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than when you show well okay up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say I mean so thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and mercy in like so your life. What a God we have to worship. What a son we have well um to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may be you know um seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what um like is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my like uh father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone I mean okay Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is I mean you know Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm um okay doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk okay okay now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What a crazy I mean well episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And so um well far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged um okay 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their you know I mean normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at I mean like the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown class well uh president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, please well well start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am flying solo so I mean tonight everyone. So please join me in the chat if you have some um okay thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys as my co-host like like because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what um okay a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about uh well Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done it well well without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We I mean okay also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to I mean uh purchase any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's uh um get into this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking um you know fix it? Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC I mean um media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire okay you know and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things uh you know New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year um so. So welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've I mean I mean been chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about so um you guys. Me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, uh uh yeah, so I was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years like okay. Then I moved over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode okay I mean. We are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that like so you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you so okay or a loved one with BPD. I have been working as a licensed professional okay well counselor and nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an so so online counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and so okay disconnected families navigate through tough times. I love the work that I do so much okay well that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute okay I mean of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to you know uh the podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from okay well current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on well like conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We like um also plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we okay so have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our uh okay listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will like um join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so well uh guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have well so something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as like like well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on you know okay this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're okay like well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment this um uh week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always really like okay surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good well I mean at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like so like that. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so like I mean I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through those challenges okay like. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and you like uh your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't want uh well to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life well you know gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the well okay hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go so well to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said last you know well time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of you know I mean like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and well uh things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly be a super you know I mean loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, okay um then there's a really epic. A meeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That so so is the team that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority well uh owner along with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets so like into my mindset about business and operations and marketing of kind of a uh uh startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's a really uh like fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's you know so in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at procrastinating like you know and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this podcast forever I mean you know ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is like uh the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally like well free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record you know I mean and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast so okay for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms I mean um you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys uh um. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place, you know uh please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get um so started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast or you know like Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you okay I mean follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you will know that okay so I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of you know so God. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking so well at real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using I mean uh and speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart I mean I mean behind this is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously so okay avoid but we will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I okay okay am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down uh you know. Yes. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you you know you know suspected of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right so like. Now you off social media. What's their apart? You're going straight into it. It's a okay I mean whole bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just to like okay so get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it uh I mean back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat so well your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking like uh babka last week. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I well okay spend the weekend there to do a keynote talk also was a part of well like a panel and yeah had a good time in general so good to be okay okay back right now and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've you know uh invited Matt angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in okay like this podcast. It's actually the second I guess he is the I think he's the like uh vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick update like like. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I well um was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there like like was a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking like so Wars, they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free I mean okay this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, okay okay I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a good time okay you know guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you know you know okay about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor like so makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use and has okay I mean all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right from your like like phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Stitcher um like wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even okay uh if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure like so to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot I mean okay. F m-- to get started. That's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks you know so. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw you know um him do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was so um you know good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it so like was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing you know okay. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always um okay like people you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing okay you know while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor so I mean. Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a you know you know sin a coat on and like the first note of the first song He's already um so got the mic out of the mics and it has got the mic stand um um up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you so you know listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of so uh my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over tick so okay like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and not well um have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton start you know like listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to Auburn you know so and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and told the I mean well coach. I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who didn't have okay so fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the NBA they Daddy um I mean with him when I went to the NFL. They took their daddy with them when you know so they became preachers and start a church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been uh uh to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective uh okay on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me okay so today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support okay you know and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank um uh you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall so okay of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today okay you know and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development okay well productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and so you know get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app well okay and download our app for free today. Summary of best job ever by dr. CK Bray like like written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D Johnston introduction when okay okay people ask you what you do for a living do you joyfully say I you know so have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of okay you know my time. You can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see so you know is me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start I mean you know. It's nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and I'm um um excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like to say like I mean that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every now and then and uh so there's some big changes that are coming up for me. I can't quite um well sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to for quite some you know like time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a like so pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm so you know definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you okay I mean who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert well um or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of adult okay uh development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening to okay uh this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview of the uh like 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the well um last 40 years. And the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't well so just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also um I mean because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk so so for you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy okay um. Now. What do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is well okay that people like us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us you know you know medicos, I mean people like you people like me people who opted to well like become a doctor because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical uh you know profession was never an easy profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it so I mean that we are opting for something which is a tough profession. We all had so well our you know, older brother or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody okay you know with a when we go home. We went to talk in our class to and um you know then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV you know I mean Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was well uh insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but so okay we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh um okay my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Key up so um and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened on this episode um like that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with ish and Madison, which well um was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He's back for a uh uh little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another few months. I'm about you know okay to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? You I mean like need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have okay you know to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know well like. It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves um like and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits well well are accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to like okay another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for um well strengthening your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and like um cultivating your spirit. My name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your you know well guides the real you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be like you know helping each other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power you know so of why why is the foundation that will keep you going when you um so want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon uh okay Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you so you know want to go look it up there and see the video version of these you can do uh um that. If you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts or you know so ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be kind uh okay of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10s you know okay. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about you know I mean the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has become almost okay um synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity um um criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best known uh okay organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from the only game in you know well town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good uh um a virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person well you know. Welcome to the university Catholic. Welcome back to the podcast. My name is like okay nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the so okay kind of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and you know like last week we talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and you know well next week. We're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I so um believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with uh uh your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning uh like in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why so um when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, well you know let me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD like well for about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off you know uh at a nursing home from there. I was able to go into a so I mean clinic Uncle setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to I mean so the Private Practice World, which is really where I wanted to be I was okay so able to sit with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, you know I mean we had follow-ups and we were able to see each other for a bit more okay um than five or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're uh like able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really like okay tired at this point because they've been here for a while and then uh you know I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This so so is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host like like a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let so you know you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have well you know a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host and one uh uh of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew you know okay couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here okay um buddy one just four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and okay uh friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for I mean well it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is like uh to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make okay you know time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near like like you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom I mean well. Thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve so okay into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get like um started right away. The first question that came from our members this year and some so uh of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women join? okay well Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and so uh bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew well okay up as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have like so our own take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from I mean so poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from um so pooches basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this so um episode of tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to I mean you know our third episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are going to well I mean be talking about the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to like so do this particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a well okay had a dream where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first um uh episode in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with you know like pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better well you know understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys and the like uh frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there was a you know um time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing up between worlds and well um of the push and pull of the happy and the hard then I went uh okay to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was in ninth grade, I mean I mean and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able like okay to put a finger on we're not just in me my friends at Black Forest you know um Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The I mean so knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information so like that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your um I mean eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And you know okay in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I dating an avoidant? like so Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that discover my channel every okay uh day and every week and so the information can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with so so Dylan and Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now okay well. We just filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie I mean you know Jacobs from taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast like uh. So that's going to be on big little life right now. We have all of your um um emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart well I mean. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are you know I mean just two normal people. Or and we have our own struggles. So we're just okay uh going to tell you what we would hope that we would do in these well so situations. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you you know so what we have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do um okay combined with some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all I mean like that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine so like with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand like so new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until uh you know then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called love letters uh I mean and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice I mean you know columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question you know so about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question um so in the episode? You're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single like uh mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person well like. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters I mean okay on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury research well you know and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular well you know basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from uh okay the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in I mean uh terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different um so parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands at okay um extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved you know like to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning I mean um in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out okay like there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward to like okay my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym ball good dude, um so old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a you know well lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so you know so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, okay I mean thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G well I mean show number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, uh like I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host and so um ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be okay I mean real what a joke. Look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about funny. It's let's talk like um to the best in the industry. Let's ask him some stuff. See what makes them tick how well uh they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going to take you back you know you know to school. So take out a pen and paper take some notes because I well uh had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas okay like and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story they like like kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on you know okay the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing woman with no um okay self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I didn't make because of uh so my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life. Welcome everyone. My you know you know name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective podcast where uh um we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating our uh uh listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So well so today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes so well only and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice like okay all opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not uh well necessarily reflect the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to like uh Industry regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference you know so pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other so I mean alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such you know um they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam so uh Alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of like uh unique hedge fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World uh so. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the pulse well okay podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of okay well Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is uh I mean to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others like you know across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques so you know is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data you know um science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have I mean um had an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief uh I mean summary of your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions okay okay you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is well okay all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe space uh like to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me you know you know in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold like okay and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all kinds of uh well love. The love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we have for okay okay friends and the love we have for a significant other and all the things that could uh so mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever you know uh. We want love to be and you would also be talking about any kind so uh of growth for me a career to a physical state to your Total emotional state um like because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day okay well is the word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective I mean I mean meaning equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry like like speech was tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an well well anglo-french or Italian term. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be okay like confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and like okay importance are impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance uh so. However, both tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add you know well momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official episode of I mean like the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat members so well on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going well uh down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I well like got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just so okay mention yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's okay so a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this well like is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the well uh heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going to well um get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is one um um of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke up uh so on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk you know well. So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made you know you know a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here like you know maybe but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, uh okay I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this okay like Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups you know uh. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual okay like this Rob he owns a gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again okay so. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and well you know you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless I mean you know. I don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just like I mean didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me and show um well me a DM and I do what I typically do when I hit so well him with an audio message and explain my position and you know next thing, okay you know you know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, you know like we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today like well. You're going to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and I mean you know we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own podcast piece of well I mean advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for creating your so I mean own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast right well I mean from your phone or your computer. It also distributes your podcast to most major I mean I mean podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if okay okay podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or go um like to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been a well okay couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, you know so like update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that like well that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, you um well know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January 21st, when uh I mean I kind of first started talking about it and so and for good reason like so obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard like uh care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully well like designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to you know like promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire so well order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the um so show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't well like recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on so you know the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace uh um and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks okay uh each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast um you know. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a creation so you know tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone uh well or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can so uh be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily make uh um money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place. Thank uh like you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking you know well of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized uh uh and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you I mean um watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife show you know um me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and there's you know like a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound okay well quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that is so like because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole okay I mean life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the middle you know you know of a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, it's uh uh all decided to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to do you know well this podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I want to talk um you know to you about just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, you know you know obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council you know okay for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit okay you know British Council dot-org. Hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance uh um podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our so uh program and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British so okay Council colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all okay well linked to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently okay I mean working on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where okay like your base and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, well uh I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? uh well Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on um uh anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me so well explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you well well to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will okay well distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts uh so and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor I mean like Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in well so one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to um um Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez for so so the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo I mean you know for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out um I mean. I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at so like night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I well you know don't have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used like um to kind of ran out of time. So now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch you know you know break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every I mean you know night and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be okay uh talking about 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred well uh Capital maintenance and what it is is it is the situation where if like well you buy an existing property you buy it today and then in 10 years um well it requires a new row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder well well. It requires significant expense or rewiring the house and we know that this happens well uh it's not something we necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something uh like that needs to happen if every couple of months, so I not months every like you know couple of decades and this is actually a concept that has been brought to our okay well attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it is um I mean nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not well you know on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have been well like working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and I you know uh we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to meet. Eat um okay us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her okay uh birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some of well so Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was like uh uh my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can I mean well unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends to okay so celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to I mean well finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I I mean uh have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit okay so to do it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book you know I mean series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining so uh the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting you know I mean your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm uh so coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some well well of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of you well you know guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you don't but today uh I mean we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 so you know and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then we're you know so going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I hope you uh okay guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just moments before coming into I mean like my garage to record this for y'all. I was out in the sun just I mean um baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's actually kind of I mean uh a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So I'm getting um like out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best right so okay after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those freezing cold days well uh freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're so okay just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of um so course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own okay well horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world you know so. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to I mean so make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need you know well to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better like well Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on you know you know Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything you need to make you know I mean a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download like okay the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for like so the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle well uh up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to so you know the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're um like going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates are I mean so falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right uh I mean that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going well like to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost you know okay to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to hear on uh I mean an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are well okay you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's been uh like a good day. I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this episode okay okay. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later because I I mean okay will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before then you'll uh like remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am so so when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this one will you'll um you know be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or like you know perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees um okay trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one request someone treat and uh okay so on Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know um I mean about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your you know so hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When like um we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical you know well approach to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking you know well at the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities uh like we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place okay well suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from uh um heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to uh okay be tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them so okay. All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other you know you know tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every uh so nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise when I uh um found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always thought that was like um like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me. Amantha. We pull well well up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in Mac side of I mean so wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, would uh uh you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've okay okay guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? I uh you know didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries. They like I mean are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate well I mean what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based so I mean on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing I mean uh House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries uh like to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time like uh with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be um like reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses sent to Cora here like okay. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the god of Israel I mean uh has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind on um uh their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest enough um well to become financially independent. I'm here to show you through my own experience exactly how okay okay you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or before so I mean the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I have been you know um married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with no well uh student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over a like so hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you to um uh fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can so okay use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas well I mean come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting you know um Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education okay well and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to okay uh those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can shed okay you know some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more and so so more of us are expected to be creative as part of our so I mean jobs. Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate you know so constraints and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to okay well tap into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about I mean uh ideas came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You so like are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so um uh glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow well well from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught well so the white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us I mean like. So well, thank you. So good to finally have you alone? How many times okay um should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need okay like more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the you know well Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There so I mean are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is like like to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If okay you know you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me well well explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your you know so podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I mean well it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually well uh make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need um well to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free you know well anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to um like take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and uh well I'm having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the okay well truth out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers so well or those who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how I mean like to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today is uh you know going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying some truth so I mean out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a diet or if okay you know you are in the middle of a diet or even a contest prep and I mean okay as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's um like the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's free um okay. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow um uh you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor I mean well will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast well like and many many more. Seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never okay like heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum okay okay listenership. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked uh um a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that uh I mean podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to uh okay get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining okay I mean The True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda um so. Thanks for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this well well wild episode with you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started uh well today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, so so there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that the I mean um kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us in this you know I mean household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a couch not walk um well on it not run on it now jump on it and dance on it. Do you know I mean not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it. So when you catch I mean well them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but they just uh you know can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when you so well catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes you know okay. I was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are uh I mean near appreciate everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac well like truth. You understand we shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we you know I mean just out here trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the so well deception. You already know. No, we have a few subject we go get into today I mean you know and talk about it discussion. You know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus um okay one that they got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world I mean so. Just not too long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host well I mean development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform okay you know dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first ever I mean well episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's I mean you know a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and okay I mean Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties well like and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to well uh any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was well I mean done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your um okay hosts. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about okay uh The Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's so um Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's okay well aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 like okay and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is not in the picture so um and he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we okay like ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you would uh um use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down to three uh so strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad joke I wanted to um um respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I responded that way um like but here's my try. So why did the dad know that? His baby you know you know daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried okay like. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything um you know is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to so uh give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all well um of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium I mean um account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one like so you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never I mean well miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And so okay if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no well okay matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download okay so the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the um um your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking like um of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships uh like daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot I mean I mean of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the okay okay Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would um so be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast like um I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table uh um each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing so um the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to uh well safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare you know I mean in the hot seat. My name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism I mean um at the University of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm so okay studying media and journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year um uh. What is the impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, you know okay I understand from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students you know so applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm uh I mean reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique you know like Joven. I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about I mean you know Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing with um I mean you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships and when I mean um we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand what we're uh um going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off well well with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on uh you know to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should you know you know talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you so I mean were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, okay I mean yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for well so two days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and you know uh un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they so I mean also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very like I mean great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was like you know really good. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus I mean um of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I um so also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical Pharmacy well so. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all. Become an over so so the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical uh well pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I so so that I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? you know so I'm good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, I mean like you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid you know um because I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you you know so ask me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose uh uh dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only like you know um 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and it's okay well whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow I mean well could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today um um. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought so uh you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I like um know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I um um guess we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster uh uh. Anyways, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just um um the tea podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's two like you know guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I like well okay coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee that much. Yeah you know okay fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's you know you know a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's pretty good. What about you for okay so coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly like espresso espresso. I so well make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just the uh um tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I um um do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just well um the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted um uh us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed so I mean with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all okay um the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're dealing with our okay I mean sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of is the law you know I mean of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at. No matter so you know where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives and it's an I mean I mean incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically in like I mean sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle I mean uh Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host uh um I'm breath stock was there and I am also here we are three and one I mean like after a decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like well um it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We all know I mean I mean about that line and how it moved over the past past few days before the I mean you know game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the um okay dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done I mean uh that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope uh like. That's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I so um cannot express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes um like with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health so uh. This is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we um I mean talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like I mean I mean it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health you know so the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session. It so so was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and we like I mean couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it onto well well my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better at things like clicks you know uh. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually has any so we're okay okay just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you still enjoy Listen I mean like to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's roll onto the so uh normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where two boys talk about um so things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance of so uh getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the you know so tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be well okay hired. I am one of the few people in this world who got like okay hired twice by McKinsey. So I Ali know how to present myself Come join this uh so podcast. I'm going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and um like 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in like okay here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a you know like very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together well uh before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time well so off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things that well I mean we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against towards the I mean you know evening as like look kids. Do you have any homework what needs to be done um okay for tomorrow? Get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches. Etc you know I mean it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work and school tomorrow morning well so. I like teasing my kids at this time because it's a i you guys. I well well know that school is your favorite. You guys can't even wait to go back and uh um like know I hate school. I don't think they really do like I think like you know they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the I mean so definite article in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video okay I mean about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well in like so English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like like you know Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at uh so all. So sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like I mean well German that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds I mean I mean and for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor um you know. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor um uh and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so well so great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only okay I mean record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll well I mean also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast Spotify um I mean Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short and on so well top of that you can even make money off of this app. So it's so you know free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make money you know so anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with no minimum well I mean amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to Anchor so like dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to the you know uh summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I am okay um your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot so uh to cover tonight? Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to uh like talk about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all um I mean the relationships and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait well uh to the end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier I mean you know then who and then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going like um to happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going so uh to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and uh uh what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali my um like co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position where the like like Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be going well I mean into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that position generally when okay so looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to offer we you know um will be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The draft like like has that it looks to be a major part of how the Panthers go about this so uh rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're like well listening to and give us a try. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised um uh this episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We uh like advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something I mean you know wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On you know you know October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by you know I mean a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we I mean uh should close the blinds too late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you well well seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize like you know you the police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness listener like like discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have been so uh asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned him, but it like you know was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over okay well his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would leave him be I mean well all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still and keep his well I mean eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our well so yeah, I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has like I mean come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and like okay blood in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join uh uh to do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond uh you know produce milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut like like milk is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water you know you know discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink you know well is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know um okay what the problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're uh you know the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get uh uh you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get like okay started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app okay I mean or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your own you know well podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk I mean um about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make like uh it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the you know like get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on so okay your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will okay um discuss Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators um uh to 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear uh uh. The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the so well last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High so you know honors, I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take okay okay some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, this um so is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is March you know I mean. Now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to you so like by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based uh I mean on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and uh okay youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in I mean like your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily um you know devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading from Psalm uh I mean chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am in uh uh trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my body for I mean um my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the you know okay stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv like so troupe. Thanks as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you okay you know never listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready you know uh for the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and uh like your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto like okay who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 I mean um that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux um I mean Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring you know okay you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm okay well doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the um uh time. It's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been up to you know uh since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I my wife decided probably um like when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that I mean so we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a little okay okay better at life. I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode um like. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to like okay come on that in a moment. But first let's settle in with the okay like sound of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can I mean uh feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a okay I mean seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm so okay one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan like okay. What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This like so is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second you know I mean. Why didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his like uh I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his um so regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my okay um co-host. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, like you know please. This is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we well so talked about a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be I mean so fairly intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with okay um we will ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one you know um and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk you know uh about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I well I mean hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this is you know well today. My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? Good um like. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now. Thank you I mean okay for joining us really? So I let me give our listeners are little bit of like okay context or of what I'm doing. So I was browsing LinkedIn the other day and I uh like saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. Soccer together so we known each like so other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens uh okay. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16 like so. But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide okay so. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the I mean so same for you. So if you want to check them out, make sure to I mean I mean head over to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you um I mean get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot well uh cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love citycom like so. And then also SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful uh okay products for your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product okay okay for you. You can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16 uh uh. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show so okay operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive uh you know research, but ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every so I mean kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group okay I mean to protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds I mean uh of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by um um legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys I mean okay podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little I mean I mean bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will uh uh admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a okay so podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you you know so to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your I mean uh podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast my you know so bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's okay okay everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling I mean okay. Like a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay. So okay I mean like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome well well back Sue's of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm you know well drinking tea. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I you know well live. Oh, yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay well uh. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster sweet well uh peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love him well you know. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little he's a I mean like budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little arthritic feet and you know uh he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior um like Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And uh well this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British Columbia's um you know personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more um uh than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this province I mean like. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They so um collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our you know um office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're discussing like uh a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast well so. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there like okay my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was going over well I mean all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it um well is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we uh uh are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest well well today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where okay well to find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at well um Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave um like us a 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if uh uh you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it at I mean like all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel I mean well Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading well um shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled okay well Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on okay um Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its you know well cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username well like saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the you know like show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor so okay show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The so well show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a like uh villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single okay so season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity like well and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to you know so encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor you know you know Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, uh uh I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had okay uh only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to you know well do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click okay okay post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all okay I mean the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need well like to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need I mean well to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some you know um come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want well you know to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to uh okay my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week on Choppers like I mean. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a heroin heroines like like are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery and achievements. But first, um so let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived a long long time ago okay so in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and she discovered well I mean something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a woman like like ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her husband okay uh Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own bra I mean so the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in like so a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of um you know Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders okay you know every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's most uh so bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to you know like the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions okay so of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy Thomas like well real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was pretty okay um good. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of New well you know Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what you've been so well working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, my name so like is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind the history of you know like altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what it uh I mean says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we okay okay explore how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body okay okay to change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's um okay kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording like um on a Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what like well day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does like you know that ever happen to you? I think it's so funny. You know like you okay I mean think like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, uh like that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have uh okay Chris with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special so well podcast seeing through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special you know okay on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight uh okay into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction well okay to those day our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in okay like the City of Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about my firm I mean well or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge well like fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long well like as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every um like topic including the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all so uh of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow I mean like your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to I mean so listen to offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on okay I mean Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for you know I mean the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to okay okay follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve I mean you know firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the you know I mean mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair well okay. It's been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it I mean like was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken so um down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very you know I mean very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan okay okay to you tonight was Jeb. What have you made of him so far? Capital so so K JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were okay you know friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me um okay how we do it how we get it out there how we record it well I mean. And you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we um so would have had when we first started out this would have been way way easier and you know I mean it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by like I mean far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In so well one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment like I mean or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone right uh uh there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all the creation tools. You um uh need to edit it to make it sound good which you know, if we didn't have well I mean a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest you know um way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record I mean like and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for so um you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can like um make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need well well to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go you know well to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is okay uh Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the like like ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are you I mean you know doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and I you know I mean love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank you uh you know. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue and you like so know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to well okay follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times um okay we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got so so to where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all uh I mean those sorts of things. I think is so important to share and I've had you know well great conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel media well like marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to die out here I mean okay. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 radio like um where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls so uh to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun episode this week because well so we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our app um well to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited to have like you know one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce well so yourself. Thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest so so names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in I mean uh construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired okay like the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the Granville you know like fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such poor well so practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to uh so be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a like uh bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers okay okay. So if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've accomplished okay so something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd like to first and um uh foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it to be so I mean possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff like um in on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need to spell out like so to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube content come on now I mean okay but away from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't say a um so lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal uh okay. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine. I believe due uh okay to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders podcast. HR like like doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's simply has like okay to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater business uh uh value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features a panel like like discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work conference in you know I mean San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how to um I mean develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having spent six um well years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial so I mean RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is a previous uh okay guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future who previously I mean so held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control I mean well. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take you know you know control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are multiple ways that can kick you know uh you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right now I mean you know. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is so you know the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism and okay well its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about okay like is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You well uh feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and you know okay fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of the main well I mean ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first sponsor okay so. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I um I mean use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other like okay custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest price guaranteed so uh guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can have a free um okay company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Media stuff going you know okay on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can create I mean like anything if they don't have it already. So if you have something very custom like you know you want made they will work with you and they listen to their customers uh um needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming your okay um way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and okay well I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, you know, so okay my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're we're good um I mean. We're happy and as I always say to people I do this because I well um love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with them and um uh seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in any way in well uh our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So thanks for I mean uh that. So today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your like uh own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest okay I mean way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that I mean uh allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute like so your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and like you know many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you so well need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app um well or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want to join uh okay in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube you know I mean channel. If you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform at okay well 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips uh okay and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors the I mean like ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor is basically well well this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own podcast you know you know all in one convenient app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once you um so upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to Spotify okay you know your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to Anchor or if you want uh um to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I um well have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to you know I mean what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on uh well board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we you know so are going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like note so well books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I well I mean want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that is another um you know story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but um you know I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If well I mean you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in so I mean London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is Thursday, March 5th like um 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo for like okay you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss uh uh in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row you know okay prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have you know I mean to sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in you know so. Road that we're key games against teams that were at least on par with them well I mean Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and so I mean Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come I mean well up against the team and they play three teams on this west I mean you know coast swing that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string uh uh and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic so um of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In well uh other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things you know uh that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that um um they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well okay you know first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There so so are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want um you know to be in a love story. They want to just randomly run into some well well dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and I mean uh there's just obviously it happens in such a way that it's obvious to both like well of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce our so uh name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the bag. And well you know the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we in I mean uh our bag we in the bag we got the bags of cured. No, that's what okay so it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money off this that is not you know like the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for my love of I mean uh public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with my voice Okay, we see what so well we see what Carson over here is in it for I guess anyway, so I uh uh am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I have this fenced account well like and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice like okay of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to um well do the show? Yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if well okay you're an app you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the I mean like introduction to get her ready and that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we I mean so choose a subject but we don't use the position where you're going. Wait like um the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days well okay at 5 p.m. EST on my head. Here we go. We all live I well uh welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your host the man taking like so your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going to talk uh you know about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about something called cryotherapy uh um cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for just a very okay like small amount of time because it's a very very cold to me. Maybe three uh I mean maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on this word hormesis. Okay well so for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where you're adding you know so a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a beneficial so um effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is called hormetic I mean so effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast uh I mean and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities so well. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to well well read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, so I mean we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this um well podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's well okay are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have some opinions about the construction uh uh of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're not attacking so well the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. And if you're you know well a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were old okay you know enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast. I'm so okay wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking about Dan okay okay for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't know me like um as your own cloud. She might say this for the cloud money days we well okay could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for sure I mean like. He is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing you know well show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush like so the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week uh well where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're um so talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your mom's cool, okay you know but we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah I mean uh that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny so um was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on the well uh news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary like you know footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo um so 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made uh so camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different well okay Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over um I mean and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the I mean well tapes for safekeeping. They sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by so um anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best um you know of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can so I mean match you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your podcast. That means you so so can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing right like okay now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love using I mean so incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's um you know very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to um I mean cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well um you know. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing um so it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start I mean well Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what we um okay host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're looking well um to host your own podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started I mean I mean this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right uh um from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you I mean uh can do it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the like I mean most challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered like uh and get it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place uh uh podcast or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a you know um little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to you know like make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your um I mean app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started like I mean. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is I mean well Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is like okay blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth you know okay AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your actual name um I mean. Do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho no. Oh, she'll well uh like I had to make a Supercut of how many different names you called ho um well over the course of the season because there's been at least ho ho ho so I mean Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember it you know like because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network um uh. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and I mean well practice and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the so um divine. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's you know um very close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if well I mean you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind okay you know of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk uh like about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a like um podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and you know okay edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your okay like podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie I mean uh case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum like you know listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free well um anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take so um care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's so I mean some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're okay I mean going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call so like it a rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top you know um featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel like I mean movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our movie uh like news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, um well we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about well um spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D uh like divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the well well akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today uh I mean. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful being um like welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so well I mean much for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before we get like well started. If you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding uh uh brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's well well me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to like so yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, well so we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a well uh break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how to plan um okay a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off well okay planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of okay you know planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording you know like from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we so I mean will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the intro well well song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not in our I mean well basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank um um you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your week. It's so um um humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but me because well I mean my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this episode's gonna be a little uh I mean different. I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the mic that might be a you know like little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man I mean um Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this Thursday, March 5th like I mean or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th okay I mean. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that like I mean first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try okay okay to hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following uh uh practices that are open to the media how many we have Tim we have five okay so open by Focus and the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's like like and in the new facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage okay so point. I think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get well like a or an hour to get her practice report out afterwards either because so um you can do a little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually you know um set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football like like fans. Favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to okay uh Liverpool the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week well uh 29 joining us this week for the second time. This season is gold head so well of news and features Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave I mean I mean despite not touching your team since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? so uh Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about like uh half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of you know, all the um like people that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known. I get the impression so like you're not from from the fact you have a lot of players on I mean I mean your team you are playing. Well the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you you know well guys. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk like okay about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days since I mean I mean the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions show just in I mean um case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, take up too so like much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is swirling with so you know post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that so uh they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there you know um on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about what like like we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of I mean okay fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go like like to Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean you know like like you had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean like uh and church was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to like you know be had about, you know, the the death of the black church in the black community well okay. E in the role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you so okay know, you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here uh okay but every now and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't I mean so definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, like okay but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we you know um explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment of well okay Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block leaves you know okay off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER okay I mean ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you already given up on well well your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to like uh Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on like okay track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about well so the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a uh like mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often well I mean finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if like uh we do find them then on the other side of the world or is too expensive I mean um or they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over so well 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've like well been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help more you know okay people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able so I mean to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything well you know you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that um um this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on you know okay behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and listening to our show I mean like. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review the podcast like you know. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband here you know okay with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing brocco so um ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just want to share our okay uh excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at this as an like I mean opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us over well well the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a thought so you know of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something that we've learned you know so together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group you know so our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your okay like host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version of video that okay um we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like you know so this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That um okay would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're um you know watching top 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the I mean like top 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of you know um The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich you know um Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do um so with the terrorist attack. And the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting you know so to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret so um agencies and here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get okay uh into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also hosts the long-running so you know super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism and ambition uh uh the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is thanks so okay you know much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached out to me you know okay Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years. So I've you know you know been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child like so sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of you know um a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their you know you know victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 okay well the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack uh okay Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the I mean okay government to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly podcast well uh and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far and um I mean want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a I mean I mean mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme I mean you know she put out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it so so that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not like so a big difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted well um to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do you know okay the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do uh um it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, so you know the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's well so say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat uh you know snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey uh um where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist uh you know Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first okay like aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video series that you know uh Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange um okay County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording so okay a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So uh um you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two well okay Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You well so can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e so you know why.com and check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal okay uh. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you I mean like know, Verde. I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what like well vinho Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 you know I mean it's worth. It's always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really you know well long time to But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for uh I mean it, it's not like you can be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections um um like one bottle if you know Verde white wine is green wine so uh. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide section which is the uh uh best. This is one type of woman alone, which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. My um well guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to share um I mean her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for uh I mean this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three okay um year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was always I mean uh smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just so fun to well like be around even to this day. She is still full of life and so are well okay her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and her um I mean love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining episode uh you know 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting down okay um with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these um well various parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for is the power so so of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of so like things like car. Of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill you know well recently. Wait whose farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a like I mean really good actor. He's a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was uh well that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you well um know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking um I mean about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining will well um be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with okay uh Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on okay you know electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download distro TV stir TV um well Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one I mean you know. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it so well helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as so I mean we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc um well a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a you know so James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better okay I mean the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a hefty Tom and okay um it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is like uh Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have you know you know a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You okay okay can follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping I mean okay in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast um like. This is going to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews well like. I normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike I mean um. Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah, we're excited over at um okay Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years okay okay and it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get okay I mean as big as it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event like well of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be I mean so trying out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going so uh to be going to two shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we you know so discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, okay uh and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection like like you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another so um episode today. I want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? okay uh No really if the whole card industry went away. Do you think your life would be so I mean better or worse? I think if you really stop and think about it uh well and honest answer for some of you would be yes, I'd be better off you know I mean if it all went away and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make you know uh a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which is so so great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast so uh right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast for okay so you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download the free anchor okay um app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we are going okay um to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt like uh Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is so so episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast. Fans um well who are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right, okay um ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very okay you know special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website life I mean like and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams uh uh. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are like um behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game uh like against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm you know like telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I um so love what they have going on over there. I love what they are so okay building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a um you know podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to well well record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your so well podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more I mean well you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything okay you know you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good I mean like Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk well you know. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth I mean um means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth like uh is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about you know uh establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North well uh America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism you know well and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a like I mean great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to uh well Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure like um to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to um you know sponsor the show going into 2020. We would love it if you as listeners so like would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor uh okay dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, okay you know everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast uh um in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are I mean you know joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work um you know projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and you know you know mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at um uh the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame um you know from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put like okay every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw like I mean Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him um I mean as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his well okay attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City in like okay the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat well I mean fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in wall uh so Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless. Japan well like was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon row okay um of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating uh like peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit I mean you know of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no you know uh one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my um you know fund we already had FX in the region but back in those days. It I mean so was almost like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast back for um um another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the weekend? It you know well was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in which was um I mean lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being back here so so in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you know on uh uh Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her you know well boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek and uh I mean they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back to Florida. It okay well is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney and sunshine like okay and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of you know I mean all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one I mean um and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King okay so Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad well I mean to get the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for well um it. I quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth I mean you know enters. He calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats well like banquet like his best friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails okay well. Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid. He says that having the crown is well uh not enough. He must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus okay like Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there um I mean is none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also okay you know prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right um like. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I uh so don't be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back to question the self well well you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the well well sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, I mean um but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart um okay in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because you know well she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and uh like saved her life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey um so of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of you know like the perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by okay you know embracing. The simple fact that we all only have one life and that none of you know um us are promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless so you know. Of our current health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you uh you know hate or the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life uh you know could end next year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make um okay you happy and you certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking I mean like podcast. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and okay okay opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the easiest well like way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you everything you you know you know need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your mobile device or I mean um computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit so your okay you know podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast Google podcast so um and so many more and the best part you can easily well well make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go download the app anchor okay uh or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy uh I mean and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to share you know so with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is Kelly um you know Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by my co-host Steve like you know now we are so we had a plan for today and as is typical well well with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus out there uh well that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant to okay well have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, California. Yeah, I uh you know was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is originated. I um well think that we need no well, like have you been watching United States? I uh I mean think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you they haven't even uh well taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the experts we have here uh you know today to talk to us. So today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic uh um of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind of well okay interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and okay uh telling me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where uh you know I guess his he's been married. And he's in the process well like of getting a divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago well well. He found out she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So like uh the interesting thing is he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the so so divorce, but the interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up I mean well with his wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with only you know uh for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, but I mean well if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting some contest Soma okay like Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we first said it so uh was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and four weeks uh I mean later. We expect that one is following a few months now and telling the well I mean last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my I don't uh so remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird one were both so so jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the world ain't you know um all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care you know I mean how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep I mean so you there permanently. If you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit well you know as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how you know I mean hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and uh so keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you know what you're I mean um worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take okay um the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because I mean I mean of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you better well I mean than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know it's uh uh Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're uh like I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three you know so days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers so I mean that we will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but um like maybe Monday here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday I mean so. Sorry. I got my week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I so so don't know what that means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's like um not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode I mean okay. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this well okay week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What okay so up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests well like from Lehigh University. Number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude you know well and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from uh okay the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She um um was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man uh well confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to you know you know Betty Gale Brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on like well Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case um well listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault uh well that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 okay uh. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast is in conjunction with the layer Aid well I mean conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in Providence, like I mean Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus on social engineering like so and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators always seemed to have uh so a great story. Re and you can hear many of those stories through their presentations uh like at the conference, but not every story can fill a whole presentation and not like uh all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here. This podcast will you know you know only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides I mean uh just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even uh um go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay um so or reflect those of the company and its management for their more I mean well the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian I mean so Morgan's. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience so so. And today we're looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th well um century. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this okay okay enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as okay okay you'd imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I okay uh think things started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month okay you know Mark. I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want um um to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you from um well multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's I mean okay time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it you know um. You sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to I mean you know another episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the okay uh new studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch okay I mean the Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a well uh few weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we had to so so put our project on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in so like the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a like uh podcast in three different places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all I mean well of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen um uh you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this episode well um is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina uh well season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't well I mean forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through our well um recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick like um around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a chance so like to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter just written like I mean comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending this so you know contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of I mean you know time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you okay um for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into you know um the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? It was you know I mean it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that I think I uh uh would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin I mean I mean bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with okay like Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and by um like women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This I mean well episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive so uh. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in like well the mid-1960s at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The um you know Unofficial leader. Our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president well well of the Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's so like what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It I mean well featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other like uh religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent okay um religion for myself. Okay story time. I was driving to visit a friend while listening to well like to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend for uh I mean fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my uh um car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music I've I mean so had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming out okay um of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to okay well Anchor dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best uh um way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put uh I mean it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use okay well it. It's by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, um I mean and I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with uh so anchor if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well uh well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has another so like partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has a special term well well. It's called metamour. That is the special word for your partner's partner. So like like your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship I mean um with your partner. And so you have a metamour and you want to know you know uh this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, so so which is the idea that you can be on such good terms with your I mean like metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or uh okay theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to be besties um uh and you know gang up on your partner from time to time or have well uh threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's so uh in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is all things travel during like uh chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and um okay to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you um uh may have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a well uh group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to okay like me. Welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I mean uh I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people so so these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of uh uh people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out uh so. You got a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show well okay notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I so um opened it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to uh well you saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you I mean so kind of have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your so you know own words. And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels like you know and bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is a stream so okay of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about so like any who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not you know I mean allowing their alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well like well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's like um always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got uh well a lotta gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm I mean so extremely happy to be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing like you know waking youth. How did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth you know so is all about so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts like uh and I was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my um you know creativity and when I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in you know well Spain. I was also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very I mean well stressed and very anxious and I realized that a lot of my friends were so um also feeling like this because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement you know uh. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast like uh Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, well so I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well um so romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of so you know genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of so well self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If you're um I mean into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network you know I mean. It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which well okay is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on uh okay it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about like um the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most like like notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring I mean well the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short um so clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like I mean I mean motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can you know okay find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts so like a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description so like today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you you know okay here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you guys have well okay enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in so uh the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally literally well um make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this is some sight um well. It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just I mean well felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes so uh eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us again I mean uh. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves like well in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been well um at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or you know I mean something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out there to uh I mean correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often you know uh speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, so um but that just has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of I mean like come from wherever we are and we sit down and and I think most I mean okay of the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from so well someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn uh like. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I was well uh supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans my like so hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of stuff going I mean um on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so I mean uh much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap okay well. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that I see you know I mean in a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying um uh in New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and uh okay it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and um well no one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record um like before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna and like so my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it like you know raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk um so about scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting well you know this episode on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth like so because I said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi um okay lastly. Views and opinions expressed by our guests. Should there be any are not so uh automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's weird. It's time to R&R. Welcome to okay um get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, like you know I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right so okay. Yeah. Boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait you know like for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro next you know you know time. That's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via so uh Skype in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting I mean well to warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like I mean like almost always cloudy, but you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather like okay that we're used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's okay um been positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like that uh I mean. Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised okay okay. This episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for uh you know children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home so so for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and uh like the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by you know like ivy league Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you well well swap stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough um like that the idea of a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly um uh beans. Seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line okay so. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs so um for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space you know like amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee was like so well hurry Franklin. You might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all you know I mean know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely um like remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake more than you know um I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down uh uh the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we uh so go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he like uh was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two years okay like later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more I mean well shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you can listen uh like free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers I mean like had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to like like brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made uh well me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few you know you know precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again when well you know you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep you drag so um your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through ooh well okay your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as well like you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice uh like responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you don't remember okay so exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you you know uh check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian um um Havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve I mean well Ellis and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential so okay targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you so so guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the okay you know myth the legend behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator you know um for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired I mean like by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the so I mean doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed well well Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about okay so why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore you know um Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most of my okay uh Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some form of you know um a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it something that really is better like okay for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So we're going to I mean you know break down the science and we're also going to break down some reality like um because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around real life so like factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why I choose well well to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists I mean like. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as I mean you know you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for episode uh okay 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great compliments on well uh episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today I mean uh and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal I mean you know development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work like so and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick uh um read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Art of small like well talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex so uh Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and often sat okay I mean in visible in the back of the class. It was when her third grade classmate Rita well you know passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your you know well own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor um you know is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this okay um podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor I mean like we just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you so well just hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify uh so Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and um you know it's easy and best of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot well okay f m or download the mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning um so back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to um well the show. We couldn't do this without you. So be sure at the end well well of the show to leave a review join the Facebook group follow us on social media I mean I mean. I'll have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's episode is well um all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well like me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit well well your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you know like you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you like uh can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need I mean okay to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to well uh Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the like um bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the like I mean bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you uh like don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some like like workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle so you know to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need this you know um plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been I mean so Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan uh I mean which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get I mean okay access to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to okay so do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa like okay you might get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment you know okay and stuff that you can find around the house. And so if you answered yes I mean like to any of them questions at the start go and get the planet is also well um 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here I mean you know we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one so so on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, um so hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here um I mean we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, you you know uh know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child mean my you know um grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, so the like like Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want um uh to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of funny like um actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever you like okay want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I dealt with okay well before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about my I mean I mean age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass well like fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the like I mean first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up so well to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through you know you know these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of different people I mean okay. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle of so well grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for having me so um. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to us. What well well a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, you know you know no. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Lord like okay and repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about it's about uh well the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of um you know Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will be you know I mean no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really so you know following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script so uh shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create well okay new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and it's popping / like you know stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys uh so are super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together uh um. We got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank um uh you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so okay I mean many different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill okay uh logo. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland um uh the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going so uh to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay ahead of I mean okay the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on March 5th. You like well can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma is well you know reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going to tell uh you know you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe don't know the like okay details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because I um well was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to this therapist like so. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff okay okay Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a so so talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist okay well extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm um well on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having um I mean me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own I mean okay medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and um uh go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me you know uh to be somebody that answers questions. But here we are. So I'll give it give you know um it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously so like this morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in or do like I mean you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from uh you know the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day okay okay events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm uh so here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are well well listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for okay uh anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice um like heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest like I mean way to make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation tools um you know that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer anchor will so so also distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple like uh podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even pushing you uh um could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you like um need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from so okay today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the so so gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on uh I mean the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a well like masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as like well a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined forces a um well few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here are well like a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start so well the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners um um before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to you know you know thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to I mean you know make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's uh you know a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your so well phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can uh um be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make uh you know money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make um okay a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to like like Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good um I mean cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the I mean so fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a um uh victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark okay I mean side Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome okay um to the last missions. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force well well. A podcast series chronicling the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney okay uh plus I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very well so excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers um like in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning you know you know Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in you know uh the world. He does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to like uh chat with him today is not just because he's a champion off the water, you know okay but he's done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years like okay James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm uh you know going to get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the okay so bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited you know uh. It was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is I mean uh swung around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, you know okay the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name so uh is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have I mean like Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an like well interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I I mean so was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't uh well do one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have so you know to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it you know I mean in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of um uh Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the Missouri River so uh. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the um like sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under you know you know the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that had been so well hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack on some humans so you know. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our okay well podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest you know um way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow like I mean you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing so uh this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for okay I mean you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you well so can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk well so. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor well uh app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the well well show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're hitting you with a like okay combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this year did in okay um Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast where you know um we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in this okay I mean week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day um well this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic uh uh of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is like well starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He well um works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about so you know acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the best clients so like into your business. How do I identify them and how to get them into your business as um so leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome interview coming up uh um with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is our interview you know uh with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business development um uh manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to so you know make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you um like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor well like will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple um I mean podcasts and many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no you know I mean minimum and our listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base so I mean download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started like um. Welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young row row uh um the mayor holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today so well. Is this what is this? I don't have really have a topic. I well you know just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast okay well. So a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube channel so I mean is from people that are just getting started with their online store and they okay um want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch like I mean. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick um you know a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can okay okay learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link to okay so that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know all you know I mean that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the business then you know you know the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you make so um that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first sale? you know um So I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a uh like couple different options you have and then let you know what I do and what I I mean so recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad uh I mean human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two uh okay very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi everyone um so. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi um I mean Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break I mean um. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you like you know had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our um uh lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is I mean like actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if you like uh are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor I mean uh is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and record um so and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes your podcast uh um for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify and Google anything it does you know um that all automatically for me. I just kind of click the button and it goes well like all by itself. You can make money from these podcasts right this ad that you're you know so hearing right now is an ad that I've written for them so that I can make okay uh a little bit of money off of this podcast. That's why it's free, okay like right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the like you know 88th episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend um you know preview show. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse so okay. We're going to talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State like well Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at like I mean Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot so uh of Lacrosse to sneak into this show here before I get into it as well I mean always be sure to like subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks uh um factor.com. You can get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of well well t-shirts and we're building on that every single day and then a little bit from our you know you know sponsor sideline swap best place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard well well to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally I mean so named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome uh so back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words so okay because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the okay like enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this so so is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste like I mean. So I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in uh well. We just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What I mean like is this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the uh uh name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm so so going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a like you know statement from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an um okay open relationship with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned okay I mean. Welcome to the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard like you know about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make a so well podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's free uh okay. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have okay okay conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing it. There I mean so are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your like I mean phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay like like. I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we you know you know talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading the um so Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have to uh I mean say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell me um uh if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's uh uh back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock right okay you know now. I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to see if you know so people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I read I mean like this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his well well Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here with Hannah I mean so burner from summer house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I um okay think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and I can't so uh wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from you know like Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels like well uh comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never safe. Don't I mean so forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for coming. I like well like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel like you're I mean so what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an east so like coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic and you know okay cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode okay I mean This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once a so okay week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go live with him like well right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So if you well so missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So here like um we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able to I mean okay get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting and I mean I mean there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up you know well an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So I mean like yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway like you know Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at like like all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure you know I mean corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian like well McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know that in the United like like States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases okay you know are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred well well. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred like I mean. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I um I mean mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the I mean okay nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who you know like had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah um I mean. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You well okay know, no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about you know I mean some things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the uh you know system the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why okay so you have a Mac bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to uh you know get into it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down uh okay this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't get into certain things, but okay I mean I get into what I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk you know uh about that. Also, it's stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with okay you know Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk about but well okay let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came so so up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very so well proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, well uh and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information Systems, which like I mean is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, uh I mean where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport okay uh with an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as you know I mean he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge well okay. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel I mean like. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami okay I mean. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets uh well to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick like well look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was well so quickly assured aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next so um to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and welcome I mean so to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to so you know the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career like um. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans so well with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to well uh be digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a um like look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor you know you know Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas like okay in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior um uh and Professor Cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly like I mean podcast that I named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but well well also to cover some topics rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy well you know. They're great techniques, but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect uh um just to name a few join me each week as I dive into these okay you know topics and much more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs well you know Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will share a thought provoking um uh conversations with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you well I mean to take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am you know well super excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie well I mean Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she okay so works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She uh um also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a full-time um okay makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you so uh guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this like uh episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of well well this podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought okay uh you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know uh you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then as I recorded so uh the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the like I mean theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of the I mean uh things that we covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing like you know up and things we deal with as a teenager or as a young uh so adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will be basically growing well uh up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically uh um growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having uh you know them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the well okay upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy you know um Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got well so a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to like well get into our AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that well um stuff. So the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel okay I mean. Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the so well floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to like well let me do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this like like episode I am going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house well like some of the questions that I get about buying an old house and some I mean like of the safety concerns and what to look for if you are thinking about like I mean purchasing an old house and then make sure to stay all the way to the I mean um end because I just started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing so you know it where I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom of you know you know six and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as okay um I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and like like the topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This you know uh is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality uh I mean is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel you know um like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going to so so feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really okay uh great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other I mean well days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just you know I mean a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and your life so I mean telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that business you want uh uh to build or that career you want to have is just unrealistic for you. So so you know I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985 well like. This is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have okay um described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on you know so the show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month that uh okay we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the um uh goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that um like he or she can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea of so okay transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had you know like in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the like I mean great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought me well I mean on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a like well motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also you know I mean known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names um um do you get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice um uh. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with uh so Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served as executive I mean um pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is so you know being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is Bryson and I'm here well like with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are you dealing okay okay with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your room or uh well you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love is always like well like you never forget your first right? I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium like so and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough okay like choices in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the so so subject of payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much just a I mean I mean token really a trifle what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, like well how can I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We um so are friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are like I mean here with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're uh like coming from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so uh so excited to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true you know uh too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true well okay too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our well like story for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do um like we express this? How do we what do we think of what we title this? And like I mean so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to I mean uh encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor um um Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy I mean like guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I um so had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need so well to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click you know um post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish I mean so it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and well so I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome like you know guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message okay uh if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out well um to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use like okay this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I I mean uh have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope well you know you enjoy this one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and share uh you know it on social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if okay uh it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I um well would love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what I mean okay you think of it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one so okay is with the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the um like company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the like like guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the well um management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict um well on but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell you know you know and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners um like running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been okay you know running for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many well so incredible Runners on my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended I mean um to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am here in Atlanta with like um EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan okay okay likewise. So let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you okay okay know, you can't explain. But you feel it. You felt it your entire life like okay. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we uh like have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my well well best buddy, my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, well okay so we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this okay you know major event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th okay you know 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a well uh whole weekend. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your uh you know boy Deluxe 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from so so way back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is I mean I mean. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up uh like Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time like like no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot okay well minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you well okay every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff like you know like that. So not as much I guess for you and I but as far I mean well as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm um like always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting you know uh skills. I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you uh you know out. I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We okay I mean have a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we I mean so just watch the same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero okay well pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening okay uh back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that you know uh bad right on this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast okay okay when I saw you live say I did not that bad. But what I mean so I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm okay um so happy about it. Yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the I mean so worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting so okay together on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of okay like your own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans like I mean that you are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities I mean well contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source like so. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as the eternal. Well um okay being that you are and you are also in the process of creating the reality of how so uh you feel right now this red hot minute and we want those realities to merge and I mean like the only way that those realities can merge is for you to come with us uh you know in other words because we're not going with you. We are not going to complain with well well you about the injustices of your world because we see them not we are I mean you know not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions uh so of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme I mean okay Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta was uh well searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she so uh heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter well I mean asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well. They you know uh had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, so like they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she replied um well to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a well well party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to um um the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting uh um here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It okay like has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice so um Helm with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta I mean well is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the um um family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa okay uh actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is intended well uh to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any reference uh um to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature so uh and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on um you know the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion um you know statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster um you know bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show like I mean. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine start I mean you know brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the I mean okay chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from like you know history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save like so America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that people have so well told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the like well United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with I mean you know Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help uh okay you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart you know I mean and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew you know so through the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind okay you know blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors okay um inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old um I mean. Joanna South Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced um like herself as she felt an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The uh okay Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life okay I mean through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host like okay Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and okay so Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives well uh. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did like so to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe 40 years I mean like ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you uh um from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh okay uh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know I um uh cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls and one uh well phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our you know so but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why or how was well you know your day? It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has well okay been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about okay I mean Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not okay okay only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually identifies him both are fascinating um so discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be long um like and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's the well you know normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond I mean I mean reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup okay so of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before we do just a I mean well quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe okay well just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no okay like Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day uh okay. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me so so on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray okay so this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just I mean like going to pray for you on this morning and leave my South well um out of it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I um so don't stay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% you know um but I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before I went well you know back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of um um Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have tried uh uh to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these you know well episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell um uh the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free I mean you know on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past a dim cockpit like you know Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute okay like Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be um so her tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and you know well welcome my hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki so like baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So okay you know skilled kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good you know you know enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are uh um there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you know like you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm really um you know excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic I mean um. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing to well well unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever I mean you know stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back to be on reality great to okay I mean have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of okay you know mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I okay I mean live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you I mean uh want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I like so reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in I mean okay the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly I mean okay going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was you know so announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming so um something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be so so the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have uh you know been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other well uh explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments you know well below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you know like you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today uh I mean. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor um well after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready um you know for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker sister you know you know Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and okay I mean Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in well you know suburban Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves uh okay on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for so okay ladies conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a CO uh so chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had some prior okay I mean episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre I mean um. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also talked to so well Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical uh so education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen to our podcast seem to okay like be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So we're going to keep okay like finding people who know them well to explain them on the pad podcast well so. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons um like. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a so I mean lie - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about okay um creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions uh well again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them uh well. So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before I mean so all that Ali are you games this week? So since the first time since okay I mean we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week um um. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play well you know. I played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not well you know much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let well um me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast well uh right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so um. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can well um make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to I mean okay make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app okay like or go to incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish so I mean well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted I mean uh by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional uh okay Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford I mean like copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help okay so you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart and um okay then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 so um on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa like okay Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late okay so. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as so you know the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night talk for um well tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow ending well uh with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring and you know like now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the other day. I'd like um only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going to shop a uh okay super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? Because they always um okay write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I you know um like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, you um okay can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front of me okay okay. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about I mean um a little bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of so well the best things about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make I mean okay a podcast. There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and like I mean edit your podcast right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy I mean I mean as that. So download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to um well get started check it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of so um this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be I mean you know sitting down with people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you know well you have to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some well well big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our I mean I mean website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me just ask you okay okay how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can um um I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? well like Oh good. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 I mean like above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow you know okay it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? Okay, what's um well up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already know who I like you know am. I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it going? Okay, so Logan's my little like uh from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray the rest of this podcast uh so because we we went to tank. It's all about the only school we um so went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either of well well us why we had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't um okay know why we going. All right guys before we jump into this episode. I'm uh okay going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker well okay. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you need is in one uh uh place. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you well I mean here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind so I mean of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really like I mean know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with well uh a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself um well a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle I mean okay. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the um so ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if like well you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison okay so Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description I mean I mean and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly so uh going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced okay like as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something I mean you know weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner um okay of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming uh uh this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have uh like other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all so I mean I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, so okay I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check that out like like on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show well uh live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just so well like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is okay you know a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I okay um have never met a lot of the three babies we have he is the um um one he is the one that loves music so much he will walk by you know um the what is that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll you know well pick him up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves I mean so music. He loved music so much to the point where if he can't touch like like it like he will start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this like okay as like, I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're um uh going to how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? okay you know Yeah. Well, he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right you know you know now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one I mean well eye open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are uh okay once again calling in because we will not we can't see each other at um I mean the moment. Yeah, we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting well I mean order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello so well. We're here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of well so ours top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I um um not soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer uh you know baseball and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to you know you know start off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So I mean um my first injury from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer um um and this one. This wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and you know um I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just well you know keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat okay okay with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi okay um Beth. So good to see you my friend. It's been too long uh you know. Tell me about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna like like. I'm excited to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you so so like much Beth. It's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a uh well delight for me. I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and um uh Ireland sisters. She just raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her I mean I mean best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading so you know faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Davis so uh are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy so you know. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if so uh it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered you know um that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with uh um your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where people wanting to okay okay discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion like you know New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows so um will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other you know well shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope um okay you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in okay uh today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and uh so breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you okay you know don't have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If so like you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up I mean uh shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to so so revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search um um results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you like okay from the red into the black with your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky GH you know well with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back I mean um are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm so I mean going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence like um. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just going to be a like um couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some might even like okay require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode um so contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may I mean okay find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old Lisa I mean you know Connolly was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped okay like office. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer uh like guy Jeff. What was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He you know um said Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and so so Jeff was baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just okay um what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is well so the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know so okay what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more okay so that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 you know so of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome okay I mean to Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel you know um. This is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin okay well in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's called I mean so a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue by um okay which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing okay well all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but I mean okay on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive so you know for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but not you know okay yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first uh so and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you like you know haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast well like. So let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely well well free to do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit I mean okay your podcast right from your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to okay you know do. Do anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard so like on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so many more you can also make money from your podcast you know I mean with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this is like okay our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed this word increases you know I mean your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with God through Christ um I mean. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with this one um uh. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it possible well well for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 and so uh 14. We're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday. I okay I mean want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word and you know I mean I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, you know you know welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really really so okay loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of you know so the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are here uh so. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you've got okay I mean to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to make some so I mean changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can make a like well difference and I want you to see that as something Really really really serious and okay okay really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take things for granted. We so uh stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find out uh well it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good. Yeah I mean I mean. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing shortly uh okay. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have um you know Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the uh um good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already mentioned like like we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles like I mean Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer like I mean of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge a like well Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true uh uh crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like so like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned their okay um way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week I mean like. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My um okay name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that I um I mean wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am okay well interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those things is okay uh Ecommerce businesses. How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you you know okay get the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of uh um the things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before okay well starting their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven uh so one agency created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency you know um here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the I mean I mean Middle East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will you know like learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less uh you know cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your so you know host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe um you know Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with age well you know. Not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said that okay so I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and well so I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in so uh the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called a okay so mind all those we promise to pray for. I think the most exhilarating truth is you know so that before the world was created God already had you and I in mind each with okay you know our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no other person can or well you know ever will take we were designed for this role and only we can fulfill it and um so if we don't no one will Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two so you know of us are alike. God saw a specialty in US eternally, it was okay I mean this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here so well wanting to introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea you know so that we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make I mean so it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we well I mean are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of just like so want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us start so uh this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually and I mean I mean kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an introduction so uh to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I'm well uh so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard. Elmer I mean well old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I um like think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the I mean uh house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally I mean well. Well really good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good well um good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe um okay about the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival uh um selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 okay like action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've um uh currently got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our I mean okay home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr um you know. Fisher still listed and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To okay so one for he later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now you know so by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens you know so melons 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race so so. I've looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse to you know okay the back, but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the uh I mean TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize so uh. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is the after show? I mean well So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having an episode. Whoa. Come on, you know well ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have a good night. So I mean like what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast I mean okay of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words um um Natalie deleted all the footage for the first one. It was an accident. I didn't uh uh know how to work anchor the app. It was an accident. I thought I uh like was just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you I mean okay press the trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the um okay past. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't like like figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you a proper I mean I mean introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why you like um never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no way okay like shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and popular I'm you know um not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill I mean well average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This uh well is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't so okay podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell that so I mean devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil you know I mean who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head of uh well all principality and power. I am alive in Christ. I am free from the I mean well law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot uh okay come near me. I am born of God and the evil one cannot well uh touch me. I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am okay I mean in right standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the I mean I mean peace of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he okay okay that is in the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I have um okay put up the old and put on the new I have been given and I mean okay it's been given to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply all so like my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all uh so the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This like uh will not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because um like we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be more you know okay than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this chemicals. Like I mean so how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited that okay you know. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson and I mean um compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm you know I mean doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here well so to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius um so. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the okay well trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to I mean so today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm covering the um I mean 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were like you know considered. So heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of well okay the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast so well is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few things so I mean. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview you know I mean authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to like okay answering your questions. If you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page like so on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving like well a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future um like episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can so you know always visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that I mean okay sticks by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit uh you know takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod well well. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you well like think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube like you know launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting I mean you know other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what okay I mean you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital um well marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important like well tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control so okay. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything well so from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so like okay that you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode I mean okay is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast uh like. We wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly uh well that they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can use um uh it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like okay you know about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh like your podcast. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and I mean well they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no okay I mean minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your very okay I mean own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener like uh discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about so uh to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode um so combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give um um you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle uh uh waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child okay so named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise okay well squeezed in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy um so on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank okay so you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much okay like better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to well um train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean are you I so I mean didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're one well like of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well well um I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon as it okay so feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am using well um this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers crossed that it's going so well to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good so you know good start First question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our I'm so okay my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have a so so special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's well so your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm okay like just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at I mean okay work. Now. I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future uh okay and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop you know uh star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today so well and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's okay uh crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today uh like. We're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found so well guilty of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go like you know back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time like well what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you like well don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate well well the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up so okay. Can you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just okay you know writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan um um Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is okay um Josh character. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here like well in South University of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you um like like to tell us some of those other things too when shots were characters character uh um character my bad, I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your you know so host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to so uh go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter I mean um 2 season 2. This is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives you know so operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell you a little okay like bit about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way like I mean to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you uh uh to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will well so distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and like um many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything so okay you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor I mean like up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode uh uh or of the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme Court of like I mean the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome well uh to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's decision like like not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back um I mean to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr uh like in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme um so Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest okay um ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a so um ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but uh um the sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the uh like front lines of an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the I mean I mean northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the uh um newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt so like the fires, they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service okay you know still believe the situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect okay uh those of the company and its management for their more the views and I mean um opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's well um the regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and okay uh and strict on but no by at go by in a module on I mean um my adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something to um you know say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that you know uh mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has you know I mean simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do so well all the work for you. It's the only opt out there that lets you create like okay and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you waiting for you know uh download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how so I mean Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day okay like he gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with okay well God to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to uh like be with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon you know I mean Peter comes to him and he says to him we've been looking for you and uh okay Jesus says while I needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else uh uh. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is the I mean like attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the um well father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking like um about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host uh well for the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? You might have heard this um uh term. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is okay uh in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more effective well you know streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform. That's as like okay far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 well okay years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American you know you know. Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going like I mean on? Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on well uh buddy? It's going on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the um okay butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram uh uh live last night. We have some issues got on their hopped on had a like uh couple of I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some well uh people on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your Bohemian so uh guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you know you know you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned like you know in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an you know uh article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I I mean you know wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually thinking not uh um just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able you know so to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history you know okay of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I mean give you know okay me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on for 2000 uh you know album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a number for 31. One um like out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 with Josh Adam me okay well Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for joining me on well like the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest um like Albums down to one. There are times that I look over this list to see what's okay uh coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real soon I mean okay. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants AKA okay like garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls like so AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if well okay I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week so well. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast uh like with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you know okay you Grizzly. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey you know like them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting you know uh down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, so like one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial you know well Park. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with um like nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every well like day to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast uh um. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and you know uh the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart well I mean attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division I mean okay two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division like so stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel um like and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of the well like day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over okay so the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this um well word. Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like well um and is related to a handful of other common words in English, including uh okay habitual habituate and have it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a okay well place as in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used like so for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars well so or used bookstores. Are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing I mean um communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to so okay get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our names and well well pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My name is you know um Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon like you know from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees well well like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of um um fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 um well 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm okay well transgender. Skip at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or well you know lakeyanna new Spotify original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first you know well podcast of the transgenders by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back so I mean from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, well so but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always okay I mean this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition. It's um I mean for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek advice from I mean you know your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because so so the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv top. Now, well okay let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after Bush so um show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and I would uh um like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we There's so uh a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question for I mean I mean us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing providing well so has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho um uh Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here um uh today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this conversation so um and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open conversation okay I mean and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your body embodiment and I okay okay thought This has been a really great topic for us to speak about and so uh well my question for you just to get right into it because I want to well you know leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here uh like and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor so you know for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's you know uh totally free. Number two. There are creation tools that allow you to record and well um edit your podcast from your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast okay uh for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms um um number four you can make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything I mean I mean you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood okay um and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a crossover episode okay so. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered uh okay here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast you know okay to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here um like to talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I okay so get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are well well now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like you know you know share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, I mean well which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear so okay from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance you know um rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end of okay uh the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It just has uh okay to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you will be legio be uh um guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to doing it uh like for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so you know okay taboo? So I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer I mean well and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to I mean you know be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the you know you know World perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with so I mean may do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism uh well and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as like okay opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way uh you know. It was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting I mean um conversation. I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a um uh comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells I mean I mean vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the well okay outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small like uh range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living so well cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood uh like glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is like okay the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through the you know I mean pancreas. The body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose well like if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the so okay bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert the excess glucose well so into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored um well for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration okay okay. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today okay okay. This is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on okay well his total Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins um okay super nice guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a I mean well lot of great people on a show really interesting format and had a great uh um conversation with them. So I thought I'd share with you guys here as well uh uh just to note the first half there was I think we had some um okay bandwidth issues. So the the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not you know so too disruptive. If you want to follow cave on his podcast is called the well I mean total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of so uh March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in well I mean the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate I mean I mean cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a uh um new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut the you know okay cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the like you know right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump tweeted shortly after well well urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have the Federal Reserve so well Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points. This is okay you know the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime like like podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the like like secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by like okay. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back I mean so in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or like so comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but um I mean I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on you know like my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity I mean you know case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast you know so. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast uh uh listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then he you know okay Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host you know um Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here uh uh to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the okay um Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and I mean okay they did and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they so so got up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that I mean um lead going into halftime and then by the second half things kind of so like evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they only won by you know like 12 and most of the time they were up by like six or something okay you know like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a okay you know single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a lot of different so so areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject matter well so including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for uh you know everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about well okay sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to them okay I mean. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by activists on well like a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this PSA was I mean okay one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular I mean uh TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at Crescent I mean uh Adam Telfer in the news. We will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 well um has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by okay uh sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz and okay uh finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz well so now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right can't complain uh so. You're good. I think we're going to rush through this one, right? I'm you got well like a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and I've got well I mean three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie uh uh and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like so I mean to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view okay um and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will you know um also of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and you know so this week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just uh like like exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old I mean you know Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out you know well of their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today so uh. We're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 well okay year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back like you know to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name so um is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, um like and we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first okay uh episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of you know okay us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday okay okay. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us so I mean like if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the email so uh address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I will start uh I mean with my first two because these are the these are the ones from when I uh like was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called I mean so three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful like I mean boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them um okay home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and like you know this is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every so like day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a uh I mean friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them so well your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And this segment is you know you know all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind. I do study Vedic uh you know astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born in a western I mean okay country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you simply Google the you know um difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of information on the uh like internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to put it simply you know you know is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm um you know joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys um okay of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha. All well I mean right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know Lori mcmenamy's uh so I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in um well the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on uh like or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal uh uh all-around good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about okay um celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show um uh start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles you know so around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story I mean well of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who uh well helped Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that like well grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father worked okay I mean on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have I mean so much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and like you know became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt okay um not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle so so nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to so you know the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret uh I mean them as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden um okay above they also thought that they had kept all those when they had done um you know or not done. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in so well order that it be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where the Kool-Aid okay you know Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter you know so by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the uh uh short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Dahl um um. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most okay well famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He I mean like has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk about you know um the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her like you know husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, so like but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say I mean like that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments with um um the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted so well to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted okay like to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the uh uh two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have so uh their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have so so been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So okay I mean a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but I okay um think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone uh well. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody okay okay and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt like like that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin um um Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode of well so musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might um well have been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean so uh Stephenson. That's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports um uh here. And we're back. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to uh so steal you around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your like I mean Friday arvo little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason uh you know. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want uh well to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually I mean so have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we started this and we were like I mean um Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and uh so we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and like so people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things so so for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an well you know email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you have any thoughts so okay so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here I mean you know to tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor like uh it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation okay like tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well uh phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be so I mean heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with um like no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place well okay. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast okay okay. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest I mean well way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are okay uh actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to like um record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a well I mean podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software so like as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we um um need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or so I mean cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with okay I mean no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be you know uh serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic. We're okay you know going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin eater you know so. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah so okay. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where um uh are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As if I mean you know you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode so um 48 baby. We're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just uh okay so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all I mean you know of you. We're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 okay um and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects uh well. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I can't wait to um okay get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome well um to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started uh like real estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last four years have like I mean built plenty of other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know uh okay more fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to okay I mean thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy um well this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's um you know totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right so so from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you I mean okay can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more uh I mean you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to um like make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM um you know to get started at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give so like them 10 times the value that they expect will comes to mind is my you know I mean book The Five AM Club. I spent four years on the five am Club. I so um rewrote it over 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your like um first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm the like uh lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was going to um uh be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things that happened I mean you know this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we have well uh the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've got Bob Iger like I mean. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar purchase of uh uh credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast for those like uh of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC um you know and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts I mean like as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees uh you know of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that you know so when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to start uh uh running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. I don't I mean okay know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe that there is this well um life we can live that that's just a little bit further than where we so well are that if we get enough power we can we can live this life uh so that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this as we I mean uh kind of got if I can give all of myself and be disciplined enough in okay I mean that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life. Then maybe I you know um can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the uh well devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth uh okay Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal so I mean relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion okay um matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through 3. So okay um all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people wept that night okay uh in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and the whole congregation said like um to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our okay you know podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's uh uh the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools I mean like that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or like um computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute well okay. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and um so many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I so um can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor um so app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the show so um. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for episode 96 today over an uh I mean hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We so like spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the ups okay I mean and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little bit so okay of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi and I mean um welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host Louise I mean you know Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner like um as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that so okay and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced like uh firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find so you know ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a um so way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes uh so after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and how well like they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody teach them you know like do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called basic math in first grade okay like or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add and subtract numbers. That's how you well well do taxes. You line them up in a column you add some together, you um uh subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how to follow directions I mean I mean. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to read them uh I mean. You read those directions and you follow them. So you were taught that in school that you know I mean was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions and do simple math well you know doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It just means that you you know like can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners um okay may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small um so wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within I mean so and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor you know uh with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that she uh okay was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched I mean I mean on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another I mean uh this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The um so world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother so uh since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend um okay. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me okay so a son you are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly I mean well a very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing uh so this podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode like okay 31 3 a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number I mean um for all neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know um you know it's a lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this okay I mean season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready uh well to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had I mean um a had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some well okay you know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out um so there. Had someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling like well with a decision. They wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting you know um to get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was so like was not ideal. They were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2 well like. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that last time uh you know. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of you know okay branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with bedre, well I mean I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself an artist I mean uh because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing Margot I mean okay. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but I also like um delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video so um series. It's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off. Wow so okay. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has been it so I mean seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of the so well specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone up significantly like well. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's actually really I mean okay interesting last week on the episode. I was talking about how Luca don't you uh I mean just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was February 27th okay I mean. Currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your you know so host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm so so so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g so like hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got okay well Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast with okay so the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until eternity well you know now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey well I mean. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing okay um Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners well so before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our okay like sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a um like podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's you know so a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right so you know from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes okay you know your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else like well and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything like well you need to make a podcast right in one place download the free a like okay tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know you know you know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely so well just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love um like. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic uh um. Which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I asking well uh like what in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities having uh um xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel okay okay like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way which is uh well like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared you know well to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights like um for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of you know well Latter-day Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this well um week. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses you know I mean to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way okay like to start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool so you know that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or um so computer anger will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be um okay heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to um um make a podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a um okay Pratap FM to get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be well well going through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be uh uh laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides okay well. You can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting well okay you want to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair uh okay or a wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a uh I mean chair have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So well okay once you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I um um want you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel so I mean and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top um I mean now let the buzz. What is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me you know uh after show. Today. We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of so like War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real okay okay and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I um I mean am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's up you know okay guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that jean so well jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding to my bathroom so um. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle right guys, I mean okay what did you think of this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm so so. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today uh well you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great okay so. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most loving and so so complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner you know so. Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows uh well. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures um okay the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section I mean I mean and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep I mean uh it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real you know you know quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like you you know well that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always you always you I mean like always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and I mean so Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited okay okay for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify okay um what it is. When we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages you know you know So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why uh you know we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't um okay mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that really helps like uh us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea for I mean uh this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How okay um are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been so you know it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded like uh. Yeah, and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did okay okay we did. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little well um Snippets recorded after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on okay uh a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way I mean so that you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording you know okay the intro after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the so uh intro this this snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the well you know way it works. So usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step so so the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new I mean like podcast hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it I mean okay comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast like uh. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that you know so. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back okay so when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to know how to so you know record it where to record it how to upload it pay for the hosting did I like um mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers so that you like um can make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F um um m-- to get started. You're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster uh I mean Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you know well you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to okay okay hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short like so favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written okay okay and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truth.com books I mean um there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and you can you know uh get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and how you well you know can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What is uh like up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is uh okay this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get to a hundred well well. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I um uh don't know if it's going to work out but I'm trying but that's good like uh. It's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to rant like I mean a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is I mean okay fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And so uh now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new well well episode of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to um I mean me is producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last well um for the last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things um you know we recorded it's actually been a while since we like sat here to do and you know well episode 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span uh uh and we had a nice little break in between and now we have like so to catch up and record one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's like uh okay though. I love this show. I love this show. I want this show um well. I hope everyone in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I I mean like hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in you know well good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class like um is in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival so uh Guide. This is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give well I mean you the scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing okay well me this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome uh well guys. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore uh you know here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm you know like on the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am um like an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore you know so. I'm from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my friend um um and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock well like Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard um um for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It you know well has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could have well uh imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go like um any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of so like our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that America was well okay going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your personal you know so development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also like uh is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name is Alex Sheen and he is well uh the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the well um charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live with well well courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would well I mean in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's uh okay Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only um okay when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary I mean like A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will okay you know certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't really get surprised okay uh. I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that you know so I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out uh well a little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things you know um surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have you know well felt here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in um so verse 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of the so well week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews okay like. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you like well after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom well so of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick uh so Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss so uh in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we like so used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of so so a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit you know so of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo so uh pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I like uh will guide you through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero I mean like de finibus 331 The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of life um like and knowledge of the working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature um I mean and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to you know okay do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to I mean uh carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a body of okay um water by healing the water. We also receive this healing ourselves as our guy. These so I mean consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water will also receive the okay like healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to help people in China to so uh increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week okay like. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the so uh show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing to do with well okay anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to I mean so walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, I've been watching Love I mean so is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad um um. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two well well days. We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren okay like. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled you know like her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren so uh. Although I do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's um uh a little he just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but I mean well he loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with um well down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session I mean okay of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the uh okay coffee first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and okay like where we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough like um on a Friday and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So I mean well we're in this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called okay you know Holly house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've uh you know ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of uh well your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to I mean uh hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please uh uh note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided well I mean in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the like um degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by uh so the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you you know well about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make so uh a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free you know so. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit okay uh your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute um well your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher you know well or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your I mean so podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all so um in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out um uh anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So like so do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just well so do talk about that for like that like mid break part where you put like uh so an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I can add and then you do the thing and um uh then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter uh you know podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name um so Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this okay well time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters like so 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I so well can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's okay so funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes uh like make the strongest cocktail. You can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah well um do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is I mean like Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the first uh so half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love and Soon into uh like it. We realized that it was going to take a long time uh well. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part you know okay 2. All right. So check out that one first. We give a little uh you know bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are uh um getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely okay you know and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my well so goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't know like I mean you know Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, it uh you know sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush well so mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs well you know is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a well I mean real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This um uh is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our so you know listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to the like you know pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a well so pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it you know so pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder um so has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into okay um a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you uh like have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This like okay is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya okay okay built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join well like with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win well like and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad you know I mean to have you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to uh um be here good to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's well you know pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely um um sometimes but especially after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake you know so level who's the host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on well you know Twitter at Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day so well Auburn fan by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and like um does a great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado so so. How are you doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about getting like I mean the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions um uh. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been uh uh very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one can okay okay say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say like okay like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able you know um to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that um okay I also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep okay so it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that well um like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be your well um host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and to renew you know well the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory verse is taken from I mean so John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and greatest day of the I mean like festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who is thirsty come uh you know to me and drink when we view the invitation to come to Jesus Through the like um lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for uh uh Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he I mean I mean likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different um like. I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going like you know to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to listen uh okay. This one all the way through. If you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going well so to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this half well so hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless so you know plug but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They like so need to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's like well so many different storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening you know well. Please let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you so like about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is the you know okay easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation so um tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or I mean I mean your computer. And the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you okay so can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything so I mean. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If we anchor I mean okay up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, let's go into um like the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back to what's on okay like your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so crazy to think that okay um we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they say about time uh I mean flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true for me okay I mean. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start well I mean the music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah like I mean do the music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is uh like where in the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce uh uh the podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a uh well guest today. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right there um I mean now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let okay um me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right uh okay from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you. So it can you know you know be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money um like from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a uh well podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning okay so handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back to I mean you know the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all. Whoo you know um. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes. It's so like been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to well uh be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast like um so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting so I mean suggestions as far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics um so you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are sending suggestions that I mean like there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you. It okay so was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy I mean um. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up with great well you know ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless efforts of well so prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic plans and uh well sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the problem is sometimes okay like most of the effort goes to waste why because they don't really put extra uh uh effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of I mean so all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike um okay I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay I mean you know. Do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking okay so kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, you know I mean you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the well you know Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket so like. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off um so of it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as uh okay we could have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being you know okay a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a uh I mean nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl so like Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he uh I mean do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? I mean um Yes, it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else um so had girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn you know I mean especially when doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant um like to be in three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do okay so need to have ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up so okay with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down so you know. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you know, um um it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy um I mean of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you like so for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to you know well send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's like so again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the one well um of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our space um uh one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New York I mean well Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week if called okay I mean on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right in we uh so haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode okay you know 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are I mean uh two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in uh uh college and we're all very different people but we get along like great and I mean so the thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different okay uh religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends okay okay. And if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you you know well could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like uh well of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew I mean you know up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster okay uh. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I made um you know there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I mean uh I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we well um were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is like you know sort of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder uh you know people this season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time it's time it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking about different heroic women from history tonight. We've got we've got we've got the story of kuti Yoon, one of the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there was a kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders called the cons and could a union was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real yeah, real yeah, real good form before we get to talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts. I got to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name is Don Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports is golf division up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know I know I know Don that you have a lot of product not just in the Gulf side, but true also has what a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am I am I correct on all this before? Before we get going. Yeah, that is correct. So true so true so true Sports, so we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle of last year and then you know, we have a hockey Division. I lacrosse division are Baseball division and they are all branded true. So it made sense for the parent company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined I'm joined I'm joined by two thousand nine playoff winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back welcome back welcome back to the podcast been a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op view you've gone from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very rare. You're not been on the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career since In a few ways ready to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting we're counting we're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're looking back to April 30th 1993 when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two games away from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with a knife would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 1993 the quarterfinals of the Hamburg open 19 year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to welcome to welcome to pardon my snark the podcast where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and for some reason he listens. I'm Shay I'm Shay I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and and and and and today we are shifting a little bit. We are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going to shift a little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping them out at the moment boys thing you don't know about this episode is I've opened up the line. So at so at so at any stage, you may get a call from a listener, even though this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer the question and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are swept that is this If is this the quad point is this or we getting cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings of a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just a chapel just as you just smack it down six months because I it's been nagging us for the last two weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get enough signal and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time before structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I think I think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think I think I think teaching a dog how to do nothing for long periods of time helps with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge advocate of exercise like we never usually talk about exercise on the show, but it's like I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper diet. We feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, in fact, in fact, we've got a great how to start your dog on Raw e-book on our website that you can buy. It's like 1999 and you can download it and and then we're big on engagement games or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're remember we're remember we're pet dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must share everything together. Ladies and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but beware the sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your own safety seen Faster Pussycat kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 Rojas Anthony is someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He has been on the podium. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is always exciting to watch be sure to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying to be funny. I'm going back and forth. I'm trying to think of topics. I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a wife on Yeah. Well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife. It's because it's because it's because I don't have a wife to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in a glass. What's up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is how we're going to start this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we we we we we just started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was a good day for fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow melt from the mountain swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River with oxygen-rich water. It was the perfect condition for fish right for the catch. Alone angler stood in the cold muddy water searching for a spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled down the river his I caught something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something large bigger than a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking this episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually played a huge part in the human trafficking that we see in America today. So we're actually going to be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories about how adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in Hollywood. We are going to give you some facts about this whole situation after these sponsored messages. Here's where we give our shout out to Anchor if you have heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. I'll explain real quick and let you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my closest friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're going to feel better and that are to do right fucking Savage. This is sad, but shower a podcast where we sit with ourselves each other and special guests to share the Journey of going from said, bitch. That bitch in this first episode Jay and I roll around the ideas. We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell for six years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of have to go through and learn things over again. It's the world is because you kind of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's not really the real life. It's just like you build with someone. Yeah, and yeah, and yeah, and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it however, it however, it has been told I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines was powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and push it the other way tile friends. If you want to change for better in this industry, if you want higher prices, if you wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up. Next podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active be active Navajo may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a big question mark on that hair Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly maybe sickly maybe sickly a teacher who showed a total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial actually opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a podcast series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their life and their families. I'll be your host every Fortnight. So make sure that you stay tuned and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with three-eighths of the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will we will we will behold posting every week. So if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come back. So make sure that you subscribe that you shared this video this episode to your friends your family to anyone who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll be more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So let's get into the podcast. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know podcast. This is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk about giving up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for peace. I think I think that it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are imperfect like Just it's The Human Condition. I want you to know that every single person on planet Earth is not getting it. All right, they may look like they're getting it right because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're really focused on and really paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, I'm gonna guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must it must it must be so hard to start a podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is a free app that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All you need is an idea. They've got all the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need including music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM to get started. In this episode we look at very simple things. You can do in 5 minutes per day to start changing your life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime. And today I'm joined by Craig gains Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast the handwritten. Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him send him off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the it's the it's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things you want to tell some stories. You want you want you want to crack jokes and be a comedian. You just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is free and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You can you can you can record on the go. Some of you you travel for work and you travel far distances, you can record while on the road you don't have to do it at home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish it. It uploads it uploads it uploads all the platforms that you want to use it to and boom. You've got a podcast in your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history today. We have the story of two heroines Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind and deaf. Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 years ago. Helen was blind and deaf which means she couldn't see or hear her world was dark and quiet Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, but they couldn't figure out how she couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in case we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate jerking off or something like that. Yes that specific reason Lots of eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't have we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story because It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% of it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to tell ya but the the it was still funny. I got some messages about that. Yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week of March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about the latest in video games and entertainment recorded each. Week from New York City and bounce around cables and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change the copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard yeah brizard yeah brizard like Chase Carter in the house. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you know, they could Chase for being here - out to chase you guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to chase again for yeah step in there. It was it was dope to hear the show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber the fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be born as he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack of thunder and a deluge of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped in his tracks the weather reminding him of a prophecy. He'd heard years before if you do. Do this evil thing you shall have an evil son your nation shall become prey to Terrors and tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads of the mighty will fall your cities will be devoured by Flames. He shook his head. He couldn't think about those words now his sin had already been committed now, he must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you thank you thank you so much for tuning in listening. We hope you like it. We hope you enjoy it. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going to get you, you know a feel for what we're going to be doing with this. We hope you like it. Also a big shout out to Eric case dude. Thank you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us past our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the right track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment. That's something we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying we're trying we're trying to figure out how to edit it and smooth everything out that's best for your ear holes so that you can enjoy the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to you by anchor the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain guys. So it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone or computer through their app. They will distribute your podcast on anchor so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you can really imagine you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one in one in one place just on their app. So guys so guys so guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks and buckets podcast. We are glad and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording just having a good time. We first we first we first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the now folded London City Royals and we are we talked about who he thinks is going to win the BBL Championship his toughest opponents and how it was playing for the Royals and more. It's another short one. It's going it's going it's going to be about five minutes. No, well that's segment is going to be about five minutes, but the whole thing's a whole show. Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it. But before but before but before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, I'm just going to run give you a rundown of the all the games this weekend and I will I'm going to talk about something else as well. So first game and the Wolves beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a quick minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't heard about anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast why you ask let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which starship which starship which is pretty huge you guys it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to the show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets the smart way to build muscle fast by John. Romanello of Roman Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, please find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get cornered into being the guy who has all the answers. I'd like I'd like I'd like to take this opportunity to make a confession. I don't I don't I don't what I do have our convictions. I have theories. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we can't stay here. Stop setting up your tent. We can't we can't we can't stay here through my journey. It's become it's become it's become evident that A participant is no longer enough. It's time it's time it's time to become reformers. These are my confessions. To get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome to today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going to talk about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want I want I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni it's Jenni it's Jenni and I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that and that and that is Leticia stop who has just been arrested this week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if now, if now, if you follow me at all then you know, I have said since day one the beginning that she was guilty get. T they call RT guilty, yes, we all knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently for her to finally be brought to justice for what she has done and be arrested and it has finally happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we had nothing to do with uploading it and putting it online. But now but now but now we do it was kind of complicated and confusing it was nice to have it all done for us and we went through a few different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which is awesome and who we currently use now it's free. It's got it's got it's got creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all podcasts all podcasts all over the place and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you have a hundred listeners a month, guess what you can so make a couple of bucks from that and I think it's worth it all the other sites make you pay to upload your podcast and do not get you money in the process. So it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the first 2020 strong hand golden age of the 2020s baby had. Height we're height we're height we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were talking about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't literally have Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me the Koozie send me the Koozies know send me yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I've like I've like I stole that from Krista, so don't take it there. She'll take it back. I know make sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please I will okay, and also I have TVs on my counter. I got cookies on my counters, who's they also have random Koozies from like friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it. I dig it. It's fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's it may it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine of them half over half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name my name my name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy relationships where you live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship nerd. That's and this is you and everyone else. So in our first episode we kind of just wanted to introduce ourselves because Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want this to look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why should you listen to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to kind of who we are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name is Alec. Oh my God. Jerry last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific embarrassing experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think he's okay. I'll go first because I got a good one. This happened just this morning. I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign I'm Noah also known as polyphonic and you're listening to horns and wings the podcast where we read through Saga one issue at a time. Yes, and yes, and yes, and we will finally answer the question. Will we make a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said this is the Saga lunch. Oh that oh that oh that actually that still works. Okay, that's fast. How long how long were you sitting on that one? How long was I sitting on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode. That's a visual. Hey Noah, this is good book really. This is a good book. I just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love this cover this. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- L's Kelsey steel. It is it is it is March 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here for season 2 of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden the 2020 season is upon us. We're just we're just we're just days away from opening weekend. How is your off season first and foremost Scott. Do you feel kind of refreshed ready to go? Just blacked just blacked just blacked out and then woke up and it was like we're about to kick off and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up in time. Then sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my alarm. Yeah, and I think the remnant or like the remedy was like a rowdies preseason game or something. I showed up and I was like, whoa, we're like it's like what's happening? This is happening there soon as they beat Montreal. I was just like yeah, we're back in the swing of things. We are good for real back in the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we before we before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you so you so you never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 647 what I wish someone had told me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer podcast with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in this episode we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle gain, essentially the order of importance for you and your clients to make sure that they're building muscle as quickly and efficiently as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael. This is not a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were we were we were one minute into the podcast and then I realized that we have a little bit of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and regulations around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set it up properly to par. But now we are good to go. We're only we're only we're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath. That's all you have. The current heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's up, y'all? Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people watching on YouTube for you. This is episode 2 there were 19 episodes on your normal podcast app, which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm not I'm not I'm not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year old patient. Timothy Hardwick was admitted to the hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would die in the care of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial killers who was later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's I'm pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing some live training to Bluestone College. I did four locations in one hit which is the power of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough where you can be in four places at one time. So very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired. Is this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before we get into that, I want to give a shout out so over the last couple of weeks. I've been running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone that leaves a review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will I will I will enter them into a draw to win a little little gift from me. So I so I so I just been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine spiritual Seekers looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their purpose. I am your host e let Louis and I'm here to help you find your light and awaken to your truth together. We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories and deeply dive into what it means to be a soul having a human experience. So come on in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and healing energy emanating through your body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I am back. So it has been about a month since my last episode but I went off to have a baby most of you know that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in the basement on my mama's new couch. That's when I heard it all a chance to skirt. It all a money like my last girl. He knees are shot. The top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor a motherboard a towering Drive. I put the ram in the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped it off too fast. Like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly assemble a rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is working on make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat their words because I don't know really going billionaire spending money. Like I don't care mining corn in my underwear. I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death dolls. Did we just say that each week? We'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create some atmosphere light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is all you see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name my name my name is Andrea Ventura and I'm here to talk about my life experiences as a model share my best tips and advices on how you can become one to discuss news about diversity in the industry and so much more basically reminding you all to stand tall. Today I'll be talking about who I am how I started modeling and made it my Korean Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and listening to my very first episode. I am I am I am so excited. I had been thinking about doing a podcast for over a year now and kept pushing it off, but I just had to do it Korean situation right now is me and my bedroom under the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here anyway, here anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor if you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all of our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me just break it down for you guys real quick. It is 100% free. There's nothing you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools so that you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it you can make money from your podcast right out the gate. No minimum listenership. You can start monetizing right away, which is super awesome. It's literally everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the episode guys shit out in a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's fucking boring. I'm not doing it. Okay. I just I just I just reason with myself like within a week of doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's bullshit. It's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber the bomber the bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a stick up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think my uncle killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby. What's your secret? Welcome back welcome back welcome back to another week of beyond the secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have had a revelation of sorts after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said it's said it's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek philosopher and want to hear more of history's most fascinating lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates. You can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify follow famous faiths today in the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? Yes. Yes. What is it that you need? Are you indeed who I think you are? I'm not I'm not I'm not certain any man is who he thinks he is. Well, sir, well, sir, well, sir, are you not chrysippus the stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about my son phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career first for three decades. I've isolated myself that for what what's the point of being six degrees from everyone if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally found someone. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I don't think anyone could ever ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll kill we'll kill we'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole what should have been my life previously on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was just some boring guy Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would take his career Kevin. You have to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, it's Monet. And it's and it's and it's princess and we're back with another episode of I'm not racist today. We're going we're going we're going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today we're here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our conversation on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior at st. Francis. Okay. And so and so and so I guess the first question is have you ever I guess experience like a stereotype at least a racial one. And if and if and if so, what was it and yeah I can start there. Stereotype for stereotype for stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to explain. It's actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free. There's a there's a there's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not how we do it. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it can be heard everywhere. That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more and you can make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place. So go ahead and download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. And now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's a spool back to tell you about our friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now guess what you can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, you know, you know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the couch I'm here once again, but other podcasts another one. Yes, that's right. You could okay what other episode no, no, it's not. It's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To another episode of what the coach thing. Is that good? Yes, that's next time. You complain about me saying no many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, let's do the intro. Okay. This was the entire show you how it's done, right? You know you want okay do it. You know you already did the intro. I will do the next intro. Why have why have why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't wait to talk about this movie. But this is a effin great. This was this was this was like wow, this is like a real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old can tie me feel masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going to get into but I know that it was a good movie because I'm like, oh I could easily talk about this for a minute. There's a lot to talk about and it feels like are we getting into it or my okay now, let's not get into it. Okay, here we go. Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films podcast. My name my name my name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is my God. Mr. Keller mr. Keller mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 45 of optimal living advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love nerding out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort of thing, but when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode this episode this episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast last explain so first it's free and everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do it? Yeah. I mean, I mean, I mean, I love free things. So there's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your own podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these platforms so that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast for C2 English level students. I'm your host Alba Casado a student sharing her journey towards Proficiency in English now sit back. Relax, and enjoy the show and don't forget to hit subscribe. So you don't miss any of my episodes. Hey, welcome back in today's episode. We are going to talk about the tasks in the C2 proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced. We already we already we already talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting as we breathe. Screams and screams and screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from the tree of life. You come and I feel the hands of God touching me. And I calm and you fall to your knees and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds of making love my breath is a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath the Breath of Life kissing my lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make me high higher than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really appreciate your support. I hope you're getting a lot out of studying the Bible in this way by looking at the literal sense of the text, which is something we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to talk about it more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage. It's quite unlike everything else. We see in the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 to 9, which is the Transfiguration. Jesus Took jesus Took jesus Took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did I say? You just you just you just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I knew you'd want to say the full title. Right love it before we jump into this episode. I would like to remind everybody. If you find yourself in a situation where you need help or need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available to help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and I'm Robin. We were we were we were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss all of our thoughts and feelings about the original book theories, but that's over now today. We're discussing scenes 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them first. We have some announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please feel free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag wizard team on Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love with 13 have a few extra guy in flying around donate to block us create check out our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and I don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank you thank you thank you for listening by the way, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked up during this quarantine and a few people have reached out to me and asked for advice on how to get their podcast started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit the podcast, right? Your phone your phone your phone or your computer? You can have your fans leave messages. Thank you to those of you that have been doing that by the way, keep them come and keep harassing us and anchor will distribute the podcast for you and can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more this so many channels that are podcast is on some of them. I never even heard of so it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name my name my name is Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening to the modest artist podcast today. We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in mind. It's like 10:00 a.m. You open this and I gotta drink it. All right. So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar. Okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right. I'm Carlos and I play drums. And I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi people can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women from Munich So I'm procedure right? I am South African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus goes into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over a year ago. It was really interesting because I grew up under the time of Apartheid. And so I grew up thinking that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler with me as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you have to wear that albatross around your neck, but you had a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel. It's much appreciated Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I sound like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, but I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the baseball game and then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And then you said you stayed overnight in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove to Clemson, South Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then came back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season 1 episode 17 the rivals. Let's just let's just let's just go and tell a little bit about what is actually happening here. So you are listening to I've never seen the all see which is a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of toast. Hyah, Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years of age. I don't I don't I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my hello, my hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue on musician's health and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all completely. It's really cold down here. But here but here but here we are. We are we are we are bad back in the podcast Studio at Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7. I've been I've been I've been really excited and looking forward to this episode for a long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you to my nerd Marine. No, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick around welcome back. Back everyone in 2008. I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the California coast from Los Angeles to San Jose. Now I've now I've now I've been on a train before. But this but this but this was special. It was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you ever thought about starting your own podcast? You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's free. That means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has anchor has anchor has creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. It's just that easy anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty podcast is on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make money from your podcast and you don't have to have any minimum listenership. Anchor is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So what so what so what do you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this is our first in a couple of weeks due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you that did notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it is only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as always so M. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how are you? I am also fine. Okay, so okay, so okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty much make sure the world goes around I think so. We are actually joined by another and we are honored and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a physicist cancer researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, which I'm not just saying this because he's they're here. I did actually say it to Mike off air as well. It is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right in front of my eyes. I just sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And again, it was so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp on the table next to me. They really need to fix the lights here. Yeah, I also realized I had broken the first rule. Hopefully other than traumatizing me. It didn't it didn't it didn't do much damage. This is going to be a great shift. The first thing I tried was to walk out but I could see movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is Adam. I am your host. Thank you thank you thank you to everybody who listened to the last episode and welcome to anybody who is a new listener here. So on so on so on this episode, I'm going to be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm trying to put together this like algorithm. And so I just wanted to kind of film and put together. Kind of making it I guess is the best way to put it I mean so I've been looking into like I've talked about in the past I talked about in the last episode that I really am a big fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the ones with the RC logo. So I so I so I was putting together some statistics with the PSA Pop reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, so Here's basically what I got, so like I was looking at like players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have to open up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your fling flang, right? I am before you're going to see how easy this is to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton. Oh and oh and oh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris shared in other words, otherwise known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's mr. Christmas to you. What's your name Chris? Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date myself. They call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's Sydney. I like to pronounce it. Mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get into and a pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a there's a there's a problematic pause as they surged about. It wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, stay yeah, stay yeah, stay stage and screen if you wish and there you go you are without electricity today. So we're going to try to make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery power over there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So I think we're good to go. And so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad reputation for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise industry the diamond industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow every generation and none of them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts told Business News Daily that these facts about Job hopping aren't at all what they seem here are a few common ones and how to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with companies longer than they did 25 years ago in 1983. The average the average the average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I wait, I wait, I can make money off of the clothes in my own closet sign me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Dean. I am the owner of seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a reseller for about half a year. I've created an Instagram account to Market my items and connect with other postures in the community here. I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you enhance and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig with being a reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you guys are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how they are used with the indefinite articles in English now for those of you who are Back again for another English lesson, welcome back. For those of you who are new. I want to quickly introduce myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm an American English teacher. I have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English to speakers of other languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be back with my favorite podcast. The friends the friends the friends cares the hair up they are hey, if you are very distressed Jean Nicolet on movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova attitude career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked up. Ski bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball data, but then it did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this and this and this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is Friday, March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you because it feels like there's been a lot going on this week, even though we've been on spring break. I usually only send an email with a link to the theory courses. So if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your clinical group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on to them or tell them to contact me so I can send them the link. This is important information that I want all of you to have. It's going to be even more important than usual for us to be in communication for you to have good communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need to get in the habit of checking your BC email. You need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been it's been it's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have a neglected you guys. I'm really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas and then you know what January's like and yes, so I've now this is Series 2. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and I've got some really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to and I hope you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that would be great for the podcast and you'd like to come on please to give me a message because I'd love to chat to you before we start. I just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death of Caroline Flack and just wanted to say to people just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline personality disorder and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and I am your host for this podcast. I want I want I want to issue a Proviso at the beginning of the Podcast which is that this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and medical intervention. So, please seek out those sources of support if you need them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast in this month's episode. We've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director at swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his career at Plymouth some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a little bit about what is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island. I do need to apologize for the quality of some of the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings well greetings well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this new way to communicate with the department and what this means for DCS going forward as you know, the legislative session is in full swing. Our budget plan was formally submitted and approved in the governor's budget. Into the into the into the general assembly. Also, we presented our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has not yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional changes have been made to our budget up to this point. This is a positive step for the department and helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps will be for the legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've selected those we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and supplemented them with additional Research into Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes from oral tradition. There's a there's a there's a wide variety across sources are myths may not always be the version you're familiar with but we hope you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow stumbled through the early morning Darkness desperate not to lose the trail of his people. He'd been he'd been he'd been following them day and night. He was filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh long oh long oh long arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to be deaf and assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been had been had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel features marble is an American film and television Studio. They are they are they are best known for producing the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you back to celebrity crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking about today's topic. Back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took a trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake of Spider-Man. I was currently unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my life to be altered that day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom. That's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to welcome to welcome to Good better best the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and podcast landscape and place where sounds come out of your ears and your ears biggest supporters of Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change it up because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the pics were concerned just a tad not much the the luck ran out of the money song that that one money song that we've been using boy. You better give me that money. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was The Buzz. I'm your I'm your I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready and Alexis. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming a because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But if but if but if you're hankering for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha T show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video series we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so welcome. I really appreciate you guys tuning in and let's get back to business today. So I'm making this video and podcast right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and 10 assists on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are some undervalued cards of is right. Now that now that now that people can go out and buy based on what his base prism PSA tests. We going for see what we're seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a colorist for film television and everything in between when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work on their projects. They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now our work. On the on the on the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting things. Sometimes it's color but not necessarily and that is what the color couch is all about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television the podcast will talk about color from time to time, but it's really about what brought my clients my guests to the color couch. How did how did how did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to the late night vision show. This is this is this is your One Stop Shop for everything related to night vision and thermal optics the newest breaking news coming out in the market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor Legacy. Mr. Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much not much not much and I've got to say folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out because that was his fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying to say is hey y'all welcome to the late night vision show and that he Fumbled it. We this is a this is a one-take show. So if so if so if there's any hiccups or problems, it has to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling and man he was fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could you get anything better at something that's free. There's also creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer how convenient anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast to with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make. Podcast at one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Once again that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome to welcome to welcome to immerse boys immersed with the boys and be immersed by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week three, but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do you do baby boo and sugar live in to grow Nancy? And this is a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is the beginning of a fresh new start which means a whole nother month a whole nother 30-something days to set new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week the following week. You have a 30-something days and get your money up. And yeah, let them March Madness big game and shout out to all my March baby. Shout out to all the birthday babies out there celebrating its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Aldo Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards. They had been taking him to work when the car was ambushed by armed gunman suddenly the car door flung open Aldo was lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow Street. He shouted let me go. What do what do what do you want from me? But his captors didn't reply. They simply they simply they simply shoved Aldo into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside the car Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, we're what lady she's got a spoon in her mouth. She just she just she just ate shaking like a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce. Let them know but All right, you drop the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what so what so what we talked about today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna say yeah, we're not racist Guys. These are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations on qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty so pretty so pretty cool to be going to 3, right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to this one you Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for this third Olympics after each Olympics. Do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast is number 42. Now, if you've been following us over the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck Matias. He talked to us about praying daily. Then we had Matt Candler join us talking about fasting weekly and on this episode. We kind of continue that conversation. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks about the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a gift as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank you Dana for joining us right here with you guys. So your mom you're a loving wife and you've been here. I hope I hope I hope for a long time. So you've obviously spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the gift of hunger. So you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode this episode this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric elbow dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations usually occur in older children defined as between 10 to 15 years old and can be associated with other elbow fractures including a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is usually closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to six percent of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male to female ratio is 3 2 1 these injuries are most common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these are very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand as far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy. Today we're going to talk about their coronavirus. But first of all, I'd like to introduce myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board certified Family Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about 40 50 patients a day and the office I'll still go to the hospital and usually have a census. It's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal patients. So literally my patients have been very worried about the core virus and to be honest who is not been worried about this. Okay? And therefore and therefore and therefore I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it is the easiest way to make a podcast. It is a platform that speaking of which uses and it's awesome because it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything that you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A schnee. Ask Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a name for this? We'll get started right after this a lot of stream coach clients and additional content creators have expressed interest in starting their own podcast. So this is something that is interesting for you. Let me talk to you about my favorite platform for this anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on my phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for Amazon anchor distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 others at this point. So you so you so you don't have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur every entrepreneur every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it engine. Oh when oh when oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have with me today the lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so excited to introduce you to her. She is a fantastic lifestyle coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I wanted to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think that Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you want to introduce yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for having me on today. I am Kathleen child. I am a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days and days. I'm your I'm your I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right is called Snodgrass Portobellos across the way from East Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals to his right is Omar. Hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's it going? There? It is and behind me is roommate cow with if you can hear him. I don't I don't I don't know if you guys can hear him. And then tonight we welcome on a very very special guest. He is he is he is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have I have I have my homegirl my boo my love in the building. Let them know who you are girl. Hey, what's good? It's Gina it's Gina it's Gina AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Hey Lola. Yeah, I do. I don't like to limit too much with the words. But um, but um, but um, I kind of do a little bit of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists. Mhm amongst other things yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why I brought you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont limit myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the process of making medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you want to talk about today? We got we got we got a breakdown. I know there's not much stock boat. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac / comeback kids come back. You know you know you know what that game room. Okay, I believe off the where we thought we were talking about a couple of episodes ago were talking about house like a toxic relationship and I was starting to get sucked back in. Yep. And then I think you were to it's like when fully back on board is fully back with the Calgary Flames right now to start that podcast. I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've been I've been I've been hurt too many times by these guys, but by the end of that podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not I'm not I'm not fully back. They've sucked me in that Columbus game. Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished in a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would change the way people looked at firefighters and force Congress to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest service to hear more episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie is joining me again, and we are chatting about finishing a painting last week. We talked we talked we talked about getting started the painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio practice when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this podcast is brought to you by my online class layer by layer where you will see Me paint a large abstract painting from start to finish. So if you'd like to see that process head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes click on layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The coupon the coupon the coupon is 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% on that class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom offsets. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank you so much for your support. I'm your I'm your I'm your host Dustin and today in the studio joining me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cody. Remember, excuse me. If you're new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted logic is. It's a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events. So yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels tires suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to head on over to you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, we just launched a new giveaway yesterday and it's pretty cool. So we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an angel man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been a fucking week yesterday was it was sick the what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us the cup of the Exile boys. What's up what's up what's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, that's kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on gravity Mero Mero Beyond pain was above and beyond if you didn't if you didn't lose brain cells last night happy to you, right cause like that sure was it was if you didn't lose brain cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the it's the it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you a question. Are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has a dream life. We all we all we all have that picture in our mind not that life. You want to live my question to you is simple. Are you are you are you currently living the life? Most people most people most people would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to it seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities. I don't have it in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast the podcast the podcast for mindful people on the go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail is life saving. Once upon once upon once upon a time in Taipei. There are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had received an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he booked his ticket but due to the peak season had to Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a frequent flyer and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for him. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment podcast the art of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change in our industry who are ready to stand together to fight Society standards and become part of a community that elevates each other and makes a true and lasting impact on this world. Are you up for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today with a special guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never called you Bethany best Ajman and I think I said your last name right? You did. Whoo. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's start there. Hi, my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy said my business name is starboard editing and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our leadership series for 2020 for international women's day as part of this series. We've sat we've sat we've sat down with some exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international women's day. We hope you enjoy the series and thanks for listening. In today's episode. We sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the Davidson group Jackie has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry the majority of them being in senior leadership roles. I also had the privilege of working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for thanks for thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new video new gossip. I cannot wait to just Dive Right into yeah. It's like a super show. We have so much new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed with me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love having you here. So let's just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with AB pulp. Well, let's do Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers up. First of all for Paul's mom who was reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and ladies and ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's time for the only podcast like at the mound rigid with your host other day, bro, a meddling a good roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of any number two. And before we get going we want to give a big shout-out to our great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier enhance quality catching equipment. If you're looking to enhance your receiving game going over to their website www.ultratrust.com star sports.com and you will find an array of great training gloves anywhere from the donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the glove that was designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket the pocket the pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly CPD podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to help you Ace your a PC or a sock Rick's assessment. You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill your annual CPD hours. If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We take a look. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and your EPC we've been asked about this many times. So we now have official clarification from our ICS on the issue for you firstly. What is the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid get date guide. It states that when you enroll as a candidate you are making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of the time we do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In and around us. In fact, even this physical body which appears to be in physical form is essentially energy because if you break down all your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into Small little Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are Energies. They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The run the run the run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform your training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches and athletes the questions that you've been dying to know the answers to we will get the inside scoop on what really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast well, This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner. How to gain endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has a previous background in a robic sports, like distance swimming biking or soccer will have an aerobic base already established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it before some have been through multiple exits others. This is this is this is a first-time kind of thing, but they all have one common thread which is they know where there's a pain in sports or Esports. They know they have a solution for that and they know that there are people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to sports take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us. Once again, we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a global Sports Innovation Hub, including accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in sports and Esports. They've had over 40 cohort company since it launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I was lucky enough to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a host and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not any astrologer. She is the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's written two books working on a third. She's basically she's basically she's basically like the hottest Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm gonna bring you guys some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady fire you can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that I just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website. She just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside the outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week and tonight's heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard whose hard whose hard work helped black women all over America. Ah madam, ah madam, ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame CJ Walker, she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana. Sarah had a hard time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter Laila. So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson today. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply and let's Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine vet and have been for many years. Now. Did that did that did that spark appear very early on in your life or did it come a bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I even introduced Matthew, so don't say anything yet Matthew because I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the Subscribe button. If you if you if you loved us then that would be so sweet of you. If you could smash the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, let me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All right, and you'll work on this entry. We need to do something about that, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still on our demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because one it's free and there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once and once and once you make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can make easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing your Yes. Thank you. Hey guys, it's Taylor or some of you may know me as tells and this podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there are many biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast. I am your host Brandon. And today we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which I'll basically kind of run through what the shows actually going to be about for those who don't know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit about our community. And yeah, it's kind of go through the basics before we get any further for now. I'll just play you in with some music and then we'll get started. See you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan and he gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you know, some solid tips and tricks, you know for artists that are just starting out and how they can A&R their own projects. But then as they start to progress in their career how they can start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and ours and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if you guys are looking for more information on how Studio talk can help you out. Check us out at Studio talking dotco. Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former A&R at Warner Music Group current founder of management and artist development company. Yo peep this So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show in store for you today. Today. We're going to dive into the world of Animation. We're going to talk about Pixar Animation studio. And today and today and today I have an amazing guest with me a first-hand animator and one of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say andrew say andrew say hi to everybody look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me and Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be you know, the perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of change of change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome back to the show. Quick five minutes talk on experience and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me for a while have been following me on the internet out there in the social media Universe talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps everything actually created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the so the so the concept of not skipping a step not skipping the most important step which is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything in this world, especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need experience. There is nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good score last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the Houston Rockets just a waste of time of us trying to win so we can get a higher spot. What does it matter? We're not going to get the first but anyway, it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us besides the point besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr. PSA 10. I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off because I was afraid that of exactly this and something that you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast. Thank you thank you thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to support us more. Please head over to our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to our patreon page and see what how you can support us monthly. We love bringing you awesome content just as much As you like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello. I'm so glad you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is what is what is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys you guys you guys are tuned into in the woods with DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in and we look forward to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty guys, thank you so much for tuning in again. This is the first episode of in the woods with EDSA. So bear with us and we plan to get better at each one of these that we do we also plan to have a lot of different different guest on the show each week. We have a trio of different co-hosts that are going to be going to be helping out and joining us the first of which is my very own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was what was what was going on? Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just here to let you guys know that anchor is the best way to make a podcast online. If you're looking to make your own podcast anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. It gives you everything you need in one place for free, which you can use right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to record and edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. That's right. You can you can you can make money from this podcast. This isn't this isn't this isn't a scumbag Vinny setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably the biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest of all time Now if you ask me Patriots fan, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying put but if you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it just doesn't make sense for me for? Somebody like him somebody that has been in the NFL for just about 20 years spent it all with one team just doesn't make sense for me to it's just doesn't make sense to me. So it doesn't make sense to me for this man the go out and play for another team at 43 years old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your own podcast. You can you can you can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way. He's not going back again. Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's so here's so here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're going to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in the sense of an image. It's an it's an it's an idea that people have and we're going to look into it understand that nothing. I say I say I say tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here. Alongside Adam alongside Adam alongside Adam Kaplan Adam. It's going to be our second free agency show because people can't get enough free agency. I mean I mean I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what you left like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we had a record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were in Indianapolis. We did our free agency preview from there and then it just exploded. So obviously so obviously so obviously we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the Byron Jones scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on it and that people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I appreciate it and WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but it's confusing because we release the last two episodes out of order. When one one three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? How are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think I think I think that all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of like an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't show you the current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which I've heard. It's out of order. I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing would you right now? It's ruining my life. It is ruining your life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do. Wait. So what are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and now which are you like medieval don't you I do. What about war? What about like like guns big fan of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week folks. We are going to take you on a journey blank to the Future and before you and ask where we are going. You don't need green arrows and that's a good thing because you're not going to get them here at least not in this episode kind of a topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past tear up the usual FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Alonso brace which Drew assisted one. I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways he could be considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to all things Animal Crossing episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons today Sergio and I are going to go over the week's countdown questions talk about all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But in terms of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight. It's been filled with a lot of news and then I also got some amiibo cards. I mean putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want to say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning in today. I am I am I am going to focus on a very touchy topic. This is this is this is a topic that's very close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided today that you know my needed to you know, sort of address the elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Aven. I hope I hope I hope everyone had a great week. First off. I just want to say thank you to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on Instagram following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So thank you to everyone today. We're going we're going we're going to be talking about last weekend's Premier League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off the bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing to Watford 3-nil. It was quite a disappointing loss to be honest. The first loss that you go off is 3-nil against walk further team is sitting in 17th. Literally one exactly one point off of the relegation zone. So I think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites of social media a weekly social media podcast from buffer covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings to help you and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding Porter and as you might have heard last week, we're working on a brand new 10 times version of the science of social media. We can't wait to share it with you in just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a marketer to have good copy is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts and especially on social media in this episode. We'll give you the tools to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump let's Jump let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is exactly what Paul is talking about here in 2nd Corinthians chapter 5. We're going we're going we're going to start this section in verses 1 through 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we know that if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We have a building from God a house not made with hands Eternal in the heavens for in this tent we groan longing to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting it on we may not be found naked for while we are still in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going what's going what's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want I want I want to talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to record my episodes. It's the it's the it's the easiest way to make podcast. It's a hundred percent free and it allows you to use tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast straight from your phone or computer that allows you to record with friends as well after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will then distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get started. Before I before I before I start this podcast, I just want to let you guys know if you are listening to this podcast through headphones. I'm warning you right now. It's only it's only it's only going through the left here. I want to believe because that's just the way my my whole setup. It works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by teach data, we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey teachers hey teachers hey teachers for on here. Thanks so much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and review us any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings on her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program has been a game-changer for her and her students. My students came to school on the second day and they were like, when are we doing daily 5 and that for me I was just sold so I knew it was worth it. Welcome Ellie. Thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal. How are you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can make me even happier. Well, I told you we can't keep doing that. It's a conflict of interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns who do that now. Anyway, I saw reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is looking into the foreign exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna take a pretty hefty. Package for me to send her to Barcelona if that's what you're after. You know you know you know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just shy of an A+. Look point is the kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not I'm not I'm not about to give her up for a pack of pens in a book Let's Not Be Hasty. We think we think we think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls of our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your clo Francisco Lara Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we um we um we want to share with you guys the Jack Welsh passed away. He was the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing person with a beautiful leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's all about the people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share with you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are all phenomenal and it's all about what we have built and where we were going. He's other portion of his leadership is scouting on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art and culture conversation coming up today. And for me, I stress it that period in my life. I bucked Authority. I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so if any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and said, oh you should be making more black art. Are you should be making more black looking things. I would I would I would just feel said that. Yes, this yes, this yes, this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug. Thank you for downloading this episode of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a series of very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we and we and we managed to NAB ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank you for tuning in again for another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this if this if this is your first time listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking beginning. You'll be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or obey them you can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a drink because I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and I absolutely love it. If you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer anchor will even distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on On Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can even make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. All you have to do is download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, all right, all right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If you haven't heard about anchor what are you doing man? Get your life together, but if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and I will elaborate first of all, it's free can't beat that too. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My computer's broke. I already talked about that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone. In addition in addition in addition to that it doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many more dude. You'll be you'll be you'll be getting your clout and your coin you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had your listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for chunker's your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush a little circles all the way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And today's hero is Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The Brooklyn Bridge is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over a big river and it's beautiful people from all over the world come to New York each year and take pictures of it. And one of the main people who helped build that bridge but that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update on the John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the United States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not at one. 102 cases confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, which is interesting that we haven't had any deaths in California. And so there might be something specific look going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert Anastasia from our villains podcast. He was he was he was a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the end of the 1920s. He was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. On the on the on the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April 1921. The criminals the criminals the criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for death by that time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that a break up break up? I think we have a situation right here. Welcome to The Filling Station a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would like to talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned from their experiences. We hope you find the stories entertaining but more importantly meaningful given the lesson behind everything we're going to talk about today. Now in now in now in this episode. We are outside the great city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where but it is hella windy here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows cheese it is, you know, I mean, I know the storm hit and stuff. People kind of Penny but this is next level. I am I am I am not used to this. How'd you guys cope? There's another one coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself. Let's not even go there. So this has been a meeting that's been in the making for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of Richard and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval period things were very different in regards to how people lived. So most so most so most people in England lived and worked on the land in the Middle Ages, and unless you were rich life was at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a constant struggle to survive and live tended to be very short for so for those people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval village was all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn and brains. So this week we have a really interesting guest. His name is Zach so up, but you may know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually knew a little bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany Lion because rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said that the The line was actually in our major. So I had a little heads-up who is going to be but not really a lot of people have had classes Zach and I were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State. It's kept secret till their senior year who our mascot is and a few months ago during football season, right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want to give us a little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was I was I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been a bit delayed in having the massively same put you, you know, we're back to say they will intro there but of a Bruce Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues. It's all be in America about a cat America and this week. I'm you know, if you've got a great affiliation to America, I'm gonna go on to talk about that shortly. It's light its which and big old Mitch and we've got quite a lot of topics to cover. So we'll just go as we always do talking about the game that happened yesterday. You may you may you may see that I've barely got a voice and that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll be your host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the tips and tools you need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your energy and manifest your dream life. So you're ready. Let's turn this baby up. So I so I so I want to fill you in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over the past year. And that and that and that is using this podcast as a platform to share my message to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into my space a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is on your heart Market yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are there are there are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that feeling my name. Is he talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more Olive near the bottom of the mood about to analyze the first Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near Toledo. And in and in and in that case the on these sticks his hand into the house and either places something into the hand of the ball by it or take something out of his open hand and brings it out and then D is high up. Now I might have why is it clay of I'll be they're not Kira want to come here. I'll give him a call Marble our boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying something involves really three acts. One act is Akira literally uprooting which means to pick something up from a place of rest then to is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam tara beam tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so, um, I just talked a little bit about myself. I am a massage therapist. And I work on different type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I just hope people feel better and just be able to move and have more energy. So that's so that's so that's pretty much a little bit about what I do. I just I just I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going to let you all in on a little secret. It's how this podcast comes to be. Remember. I started I started I started just on YouTube, but I knew that I needed to get on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a podcast producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the Internet. It's also free. You can edit record your podcast right from your phone or your computer and all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more you can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter how small you are. You can make money from your podcast. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Hollis. This was this was this was a very special episode. I like I like I like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the competitor or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed. And since it was the second time we had him on we'd already covered his career. And so and so and so I got to talk about a lot of things on this show and I had I'd get to hear a lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and we kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so we talked a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing he's competing he's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all at all at all my mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come into my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and try to like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind of paints a picture of like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to talk to me about sex like at all costs, right and instead I would be like, maybe pick a setting where like, I'm not true. Dentist all absent naked how about setting? Oh and there's like a mirror right across from my back to our it was like a glass shower. So it's so it's so it's like how can vulnerability be brought into this room more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good time. Oh, look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank you for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys. I promise you it was not planned. I have another friend with me today. She came visiting for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have to get these things in order for the journey ahead and we were just having conversations about, you know, doing things by yourself. Cough now, cough now, cough now, you know, there's this whole part of it that says, you know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's also the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but me how far now you know, so I mean, we're just we're just going to flow today and we just hope that you guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't get any worse, no one knows who did it. If you enjoy this episode on the mysterious brick of murders and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent homicide of a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is this is this is the podcast. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you by neht and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in which we asked whether technology can support learning or if it's simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the next big Ed Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or not mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in conversation with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will be well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's a former teacher and the author of a number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was not actually about the fucking word genus species. But back to chapter 24 to see what it actually is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards teaching biology and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your host John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology one chapter at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all hi all hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance News Daily. We haven't we haven't we haven't gotten to see much of Stephanie on the new season of a for the 90 days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her girlfriend from the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that she's dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that she sells naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has stephanie has stephanie has a patron where she has content. That's a bit risque. It seems some people may have found this out though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out. Out she states that she is not ashamed of this content and that having the patron has financed her documentary as well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in general. She ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever I want. I am I am I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be allowed to do whatever she wants with her body and her patreon is 18 plus. So not just anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my favorite you who's that guy next to him? Welcome back to topics of Interest with Nick and Mark. I am I am I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc Murphy. And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler your part-time host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, so Mark, so Mark, Mark Mark, New Tyler and college so how'd you guys meet we met sophomore year in chemistry lab. Yeah. So we so we so we I barely showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first met but it was there be but it was there. We took the we just say major so we had all the same classes together and decide to sit by each other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name my name my name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Davis as part of her illustration series follow the trees. This is this is this is a podcast about tree planting as a reforestation practice in the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a collective of people who spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest. However tree however tree however tree planting is so much more than the physical act of planting thousands of seedlings in the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to shed light on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have stuck with shovel in the ground. It is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever you're coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you should not drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to get into e-commerce or build a new store or launch a new product line. There are three different levels of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the highest one, right? What type what type what type of products do you want to sell and after you lock? Didn't you want to move to the supplier level and make sure that the suppliers you're finding are ones. You actually want to work with if you want to make money doing this and then finally the deepest level is the product level. So what I'm going to share with you in this podcast is what to look for at all three levels to make sure you're not wasting your time. If you if you if you decide to build one of these stores and actually build a real business now before we get into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes it simple for you to get more life. We focus on heart rate Based training guaranteed to produce results from the inside out. Our workout our workout our workout is backed by science and proven to burn more calories post-workout Track by technology. So you can monitor your results in real time. Each workout is inspired and led by certified coaches to make sure you don't overtrain or under train. So what are you currently doing to get more life out of your workout? That's what that's what that's what OTF Milford and this Seek to help you with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to help you fall asleep. You know, I started this podcast because I've had trouble falling asleep and I found that over the years when I listen to the word of God. I'm able to settle down. And find peace and fully rest And so as you listen to night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an inspiration to you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K out there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Light it on fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during a manic. I was like braised. I hate you. Don't leave don't leave don't leave me who came up with this list given on the bird. I love I love I love 7-Eleven my childhood should I sit on this couch and recline you're reacting to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica I'm Monica I'm Monica Geller and I hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing Villa dough and we have a show for you. Any you're supposed to introduce yourself know that I was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it has to start with the club because covid always starts it with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to know soups. Given this is a Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit. My name is radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh God. That was so hot somatic. Yo, it's yo, it's yo, it's your boy. I would like to apologize to anyone that was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so we have strong on he is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars 11 board with us and now he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did I did I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes. I had I had I had no prior knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible and selfish behavior. I engaged in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are joined as always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done I done I done special guests have started 40 minutes ago, but I came in with my PR person my lighting crew my director my I mean, I really divided up walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to be fair when I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked I walked I walked in and he told me on the spot that it was going to be on camera and it was Pouring rain. I look like shit Mike. You have you have you have to let people fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let I let I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your day. My husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot summer. That's 60. We are in the really in the final stretch. It's hard to believe and it's very exciting. I want to notify you all again about our CM our virtual CM that is that will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 a.m. Eastern standard time and 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in the world, you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with those hours. We are we are we are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you do you do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org that's www.soffc.org that's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Well, the well, the well, the only other thing I was wondering about is and I think I've sort of got an answer but I noticed that I'm not as unconditional as unconditionally aligned as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by other people if there's some negativity and affects me and I dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're here with Usual Suspects. We also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster from Murder Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is that is that is how you doing today man. Doing great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's like a first thing right for yeah. I have I have I have never done a podcast before. Hey severe hey severe hey severe that's case scenario, but I like you guys so fuck it. Get the fucking bucket. Let's do this. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so fucking yeah, we got like real faithful follower and I feel bad every time we put something out because I know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, don't worry and don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will be covering all the latest space related news. As well as well as well as talking about interesting Technologies or discoveries that anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from the Apollo mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So if like us you are another parking space and what to stay up-to-date with all that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material and is intended for adult consumption only it may not be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion therefore discretion therefore discretion is advised Takashi. 6-9 was kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in the back seat of the car. Kidnap and and beat up a little bit to you know, I definitely brought it back down a human level. And I started talking to God. I'm like you don't only when I could get me out of this. Welcome to Infamous the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series this series this series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore the fork in the road that can lead a hero to fighting himself in a story of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party the podcast that explores the story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite video games. I'm Caleb. I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring two Paths of One Life. This episode is going to have Major Spoilers for BioShock Infinite. And so like if you haven't played BioShock Infinite, how did you make it this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so we're so we're so glad that you're here. I hope you guys are having a beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part 2 of the October Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to release this one. So this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There are there are there are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I do recommend. Going back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative. But I do think that all of the information in part to her story all her tips the way that she parents it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable when you know where she came from part 1 is all about her life as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic her as a young woman and it's fascinating and it makes her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history. Today is heroines are a pair of sisters who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born in a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a powerful man and have them trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog today's Tagalog today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can be a long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello. We're joined by special special guest and he goes by the name of re free. Rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your day tiring long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come on, the love that now Monday. Let's go energy energy gun. So guys as you know, our Tagalog word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in first place of the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first place due to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that would make the most sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if technically they're not in first. All I all I all I care about is when you look at the points it is tied. This very moment and just the fact that that is the situation we are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the so the so the Flyers beat the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this and this and this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's video is going to be going with the flow and I got an email here from a client of mine that I've been coaching for is probably since late last year by eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been coaching him now. Well maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got a couple of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets his All at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by this is not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel in here and Martin. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up, and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I everything about what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but what's that Drogo? What's a draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I don't I don't I don't believe nothing going in secret. We can we can we can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I want to get to First. The NHL is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote unquote electronics and they're going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is the first time they're going to throw it in used at least that we know of so read a little article about this AQ and we were just talking about this before we went live here. They've apparently used this puck in a couple games during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it. They've given they've given they've given it to a few of the Superstar players throughout the league the practice with the see if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor which is the platform. I used I used I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you can be heard on things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Laguna Beach the podcast. Thank you thank you thank you so much for tuning in as always. It's your host Kelly. So excited to be here feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited but we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I made the decision to document the storage papers in the form of a podcast, I found anchor to be the easiest way to create it by using anchor I'm able to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives you everything you need in one place and you can produce the show right from your phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone with the app to record and edit a podcast. It so it so it so it sounds great. They'll even they'll even they'll even distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard everywhere podcasts can be found that includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also easily make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't have to put any money up front for someone who's starting out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. You have you have you have to go out and spend a lot of money buying software paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and the best part you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place doubled the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI. If you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you need a personal injury lawyer, Mark, Rose Garza and his team can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing to the Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the March 1st episode of dishes and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring a rotating cast of eight women hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book Theophilus, I wrote about all that Jesus began to do and to teach until the day he was taken up to heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had he had he had chosen after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 days and spoke about the kingdom of God on one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only not only not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you and you and you ready to hear from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have called before now as he's one of the few people I've played with whom I looked up to for a very very long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the field but also off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my conversation with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go. Please enjoy. Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? That's all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm good. It's going on. Yeah, um, you know, same old same old. I need to start this though with a bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did I did I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can use to record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an anchor will distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard on every platform such as Spotify and apple you can even make money from your podcast. It's everything you need in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and peace and peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this well, this well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name is Darren McGee. Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro came from my boy Avi of Iron Lion soap. He is a fantastic soap maker based in Southern California. The company is Iron Lion soap. You can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and iron line soap.com they make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with Avi, and we had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to acres of diamonds. This is actually the first time we're going to talk about the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going to talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any Coughlin. You got you got you got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I no, I no, I think you have it wrong. Good week. Do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk to them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, that's oh, that's oh, that's probably could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres of diamonds. If you think we can talk to your dad somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, trust me trust me. Well, I talked to Marcus. So I'm assuming you can talk to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so yes, so yes, so he may not answer right away, right, but me I have ways. Yes, is yes, is yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you if you if you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet. And in and in and in the video today. We're looking we're looking we're looking at the top 10 ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, the strange link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at one point or another they have had some experience where they thought they heard a sound when nothing should be there or they saw an apparition that led them to believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. I'm dr. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central and your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors who were recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central summa cum laude at the end of seven semesters. We had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and ninety who have earned a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have we have we have a couple of those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth I'm Beth I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few weeks new cases of this virus have been going up and up as of right now. There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this and this and this virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the tonight the tonight the governor of Washington declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus death in the US. The virus the virus the virus has killed at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing about more and more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. Its creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Because obviously because obviously because obviously we wouldn't be able to do this without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon stirring us download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just wanted to let you know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast night. We just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive baseball and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Wars session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good morning good morning good morning afternoon or evening wherever you are in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for the Star Wars stay for the sessions. My name my name my name is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome everyone welcome everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts cam and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives in Michigan and we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We talk about conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today and today and today we're talking about Dan Schneider to was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both watch when we were younger and we're basically going to be talking about how wacky is there's a lot of different elements to him in a lot of different components that we have to get into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim said Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's everything you need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything rob everything rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode 2 of everything and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first episode alone did amazing. I'm so thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing it and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and then topic of today's newsletter is going to be what to do when your girl goes psycho. So obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic dr. Dominic dr. Dominic Deanna who you have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted to ask because obviously the video that we posted the other day people had some questions because there it's like talked about in my first book 3% man that you can actually end a relationship healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and cursing each other out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is the first episode of podcasts devoted to cube in this season. We want to show you guys the basics of the format and gradually over time build you up to your own Cube. Each episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your very own Cube. Ooh, I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file coming from the lovely island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? So essentially so essentially so essentially we are trying to give you a short rundown as this for this first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have we have we have a thin crowd tonight. It is right now. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have local bartender Courtney Nance coming through later today. But until but until but until she gets here it is just yo boys. Did you did you did you feel I'd say a pretty we're back to the back to the roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back In Town. That's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd say that the dogs are who let the Dogs Out Request would you say that I wouldn't have chosen to say it myself but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as you're with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right to see random things. I support my right to party and you always you got to fight for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said it to live lives. I'm concerned I'm concerned I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree and I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab at Cal State Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course because she was preparing to apply to occupational therapy school. She has recently been admitted and we are so proud of her Bree also has a background in kinesiology, which is what she studied for her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that she also played basketball NCAA Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman has a lot of knowledge about not only how to exercise but also how to exercise confidence. We're going to dive into some of the ways in which she's faced some really tough situations and she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment business coach. I lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not working so that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment you experience the flow. The he's the he's the he's integrity and undeniable magnetism impact and of course income each week. I'm going to be bringing you the human design and business in a way that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to align by design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you if you if you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please and please and please check out the link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is everything is everything is online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th july 16th july 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend Juanita Lopez over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the Summer sun setting over San Jose the largest city in Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as it seemed after dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin just like most nights but right away something felt different. It was it was it was all wrong. The drugs burned hot through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began to hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep. The next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, good morning, good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for series eighty fifth of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP data for the December quarter, which means it is basically the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit we saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than the 0.4% that economists were expecting. This does show that the RBA is reading at the economy was at a gentle turning points towards the end of last year was correct. However, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share our experiences since I stay at home with my kids Sam works out of the home and just kind of bring a little bit of insight and show you that there are really great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen or throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk and let's chat. Hey mamas, hey mamas, hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're the messy Mama's we've created the messy Mama pod because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely we're completely we're completely unfiltered and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month were going to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can share your story advocate for your babies and connect with the other messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo is our best friend in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives our lives our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to level up. Hello and welcome to episode 14 of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called movement is medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it does it does it I think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel I feel I feel like we've been saying movement is medicine. It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the post that we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about yes branding that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're here to really talk about something that I'm super passionate about and I know you are too. SLI everyday your training working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath. So this so this so this is really our bread and butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm here for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of think of think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the muscle that you're trying to build in your meditation? Is it that you want to be more present is it that you want to be more intentional is it that you want to feel more of a sense of like trust and connection to intuition is it that you want to feel less stress is it that you want to sleep better? You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are you craving and notice in your life and it will show up. It's the beauty of meditation notice when those things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body here bringing you episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit down with inspiring individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at the gym. This guy friends podcast rid of show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with an episode heavily requested by many of you and we're going to title it books. I recommend or top reads for 2020 something like that because a lot of you have asked a Jeremy what books would you recommend for finance with books you recommend for personal development? Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm going to share with you at least the ones that have had the biggest impact on me or the ones that are In the Forefront of my mind right now nagase can't sure every book that I've read and listened to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you guys a pretty good list and I did a version of this a long time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to put these onto the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks or so. I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote real work to do but I will get to this but if you hear me say something and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to learn it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of them are just really fantastic. If you think about how far things have come for us to be doing this in our backyards basically and taking images that were once in the realm of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please welcome everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada and he runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a YouTube channel visible dark Astro. He is a big user of picks in sight. So let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 march 8 march 8 2014 evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? Yes, and we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love our audience and we will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz TV. She quickly she quickly she quickly at this is yall's first time tuning in Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV. And this is of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me. I should I should I should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded by Geniuses, but I'll introduce myself. Only first only first only first got me was chef Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality TV fan and a host here at the network. So excited to be here, but me Christine be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday. Did I don't also much what you mean by are usually gas by D the middle amounts and this is probably why girls don't go for a higher salary in All right. Yeah, you see one of your tracks this you look like you've never listened to bash me a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? What is happening with this show guys are hanging out with you guys so much. My name is Mike feeling. We're here. We're going to go through it. You know what it is. You know you know you know how we do first. I want to introduce. My panel I am over here by myself on the team married side, but to my left also representing team married and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is a reptilian a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program. Hello. Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Reese Derby hid alien. Welcome to welcome to welcome to aliens like us with me of course button below the other alien and Ethan Hello. Both of both of both of you young producer. Alien is alien is alien is welcome back to our show this time. We're going we're going we're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's like old aliens in US. Yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early for this but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If you here they start to do a bomb gasps gasps gasps this are you done? No, let me have my fun. If you if you if you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's our kitten Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or two kitchen. You're so you're so you're so like you come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I no I no I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're our weekly podcast that documents everything about the world of live music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers the people who run beloved venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians about that one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at consequence of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series presented by W FP k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening you're listening you're listening to the very first official episode of the Mets keywords podcast. This episode was recorded live on November 1st at st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going you're going you're going to hear a very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience as well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia and an interview with somebody on our crew and I should mention this room was very big very bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So you so you so you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and we kind of do a little bit of this that and everything else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you guys first official episode. Yes are yes are yes are the trailer is up on a few a few sites, but it's the first full one so welcome and I have a mic this time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across the world. So we're so we're so we're professional now, but she was not doing that. It just was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius ass would have loved to be halfway around the world, but that's a story for another time. So you're so you're so you're ready to introduce ourselves. Yes, you yes, you yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for you. I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits of a Purpose Driven Life and also engaging you in a meditation of Hope There are five great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning to your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are going to be serenading you with a poem to start. So Andy so Andy so Andy take it away. I'm going to be reading a poem by one of the Lisa and my favorite poets Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this and the sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect reality aspect reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so season so season so this is called I dream of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream of you to wake would that I might dream of you and not wake but Slumber on nor fine with dreams. The dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds take flight and happy dreams. I hold you full and night I blush again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler. I'm Brian and we the premise of this podcast is kind of there is no premise. There's no premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing that I think this is founded on we found there's just such a lack of podcast with two white guys in their late 20s or sister this males. Yeah and heterosexual. I just I just I just feel like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we decided to throw our hat in the ring and give it a shot and maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name is Daniel winter and my co-host is Andrew Monroe in each episode. We're going to explore topics that are too important to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic. We encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each new day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came from and some of our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what would you do if you were going to die tomorrow? If I was going to die tomorrow? I would probably do something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the same time. You know, I've got this idea in my head of that scene from that movie. I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of poke dad's there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we use for podcasting. Well, that's well, that's well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's free. It's easy to use and I just love it. There's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or a computer. So if there was something in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out my phone go into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit it there. It's so it's so it's so flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes it really interesting and cool is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the other platforms. So iTunes Spotify you name it and it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question I have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be Gourmet stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of random shit. Then you need to go to Yummy tex.com Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, but for olive oils pastas hot sauces mustards and other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar the spoke about their different hustles and how most of you need to break out of the mold. So make sure to hit them up and leave a review to let us know what you thought and I hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back with another episode of med school radio and we're looking at some more educational objectives. Let's get right to it starting with fragile X syndrome. What is this caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats on the fragile X. Mental retardation Gene and that is fmr1 on the long arm of the X chromosome and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1. So remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really I really I really actually want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and podcast form. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7. Please hit please hit please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience. What up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone call that Gary had with Pearson. He speaks about ageism and how he believes that Talent comes in all ages shapes and sizes. So make so make so make sure to hit them up and let us know what you thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm working on is about his son in the industry and sort of how even see the wrong about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful hello, beautiful hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this platform I welcome open dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems God is gray is meant to teach and form and simply trade stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If you if you if you have a story or perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies at God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part of our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all right. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we took we were just really busy with midterms papers. We went on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty okay spotty okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast is podcast is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I but I but I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, such he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not do not do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy. Otto have otto have otto have but without a doubt any direction the OTA a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm with a walker Gable. Oh, he oh, he oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked. Well tahina, well tahina, well tahina, I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey tofu steak uni Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain one. It's free like free. Like no money. Like you don't have to pay you have to pay any money none. It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer super simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and pay for some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where you will meet. Today's European today's European today's European jazz singers. Device this device this device this wonderful tool in each one of us has never ceased to challenge and fascinate me for more than 25 years. I've had the opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the voice and jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All right. So today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the and we'll be considering opening day happens this month. So basically the MLB is in a really weird weird place right now considering the Astros just cheated their way into a World Series and it's possible that the Red Sox did as well. And I just I don't really know what to think at this point, but I'm gonna make my predictions for next year. So To so To so To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in this episode were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the Colombian national team's loss in the World Cup. It was a slip up by team captain Andres Escobar that cost Columbia the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for 22 minutes into Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder. John harkes john harkes john harkes closed in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change. We are doing that podcast thing now in launching a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash Nori podcasts. There are various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want to receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take a look at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in that Spirit of being lean and that startup kind of way that That, you know, we like to do this list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like your feedback. Is there something that you'd really like to see but it isn't listed here honest feedback does a lot to help us shape what we offer to you. You can send an email to podcast at Nori.com or fill out our podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you can find at nor e.com subscribe, and thank you so much for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is John. It's been a while since we had episode with just me and Gerard So today we're going to have a discussion about the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for the conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now onto the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on Monday morning. So at this point we've at least had a couple days to digest some of the performances from the skill position players and that's what we're going to talk about today the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I and I and I know I said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you cannot freak out about one data point from the combine. These are Incredibly talented athletes. I mean most of the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but they're / like fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your view of a player but we did learn some things some players had much better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the in the in the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior. The former Congressman was charged with three felonies after illegally using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for personal use 56 year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was getting ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from the bureau had been poking around his Finance records. They were they were they were definitely looking for something no matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a little quid pro quo. He could play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had I talked a lot about getting out of your mind getting out of the head and why that's important. And that's what today's episode is all about me and be at had an amazing conversation about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on what she does to get back tuned in with her heart tuned in with source and spirit and so it was an amazing conversation it was recorded. Quite some time ago. I haven't been publishing the podcast as frequently as I would like. So my apologies on that we will return back to a schedule. I don't know exactly what that schedule is. There's a there's a there's a lot of moving Parts happening right now. So just be on the lookout for that sometime soon, either you'll find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious and sit with us for a spell. Welcome to this episode of The Magic on the inside podcast. I'm Sarah I'm Sarah I'm Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we aim to help women all over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday magic in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners some additional content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal female criminals episode. We're exploring we're exploring we're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park cast network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates what motivates what motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode this episode this episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is March 3rd the boys from the back pocket are here with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are we we're doing good Andy hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like you said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing whole thing whole thing is you won't believe what this man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr. Devon. He's having his location just a block away for over four years going it to the University of st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel I feel I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is episode 5. I'm Vincent Rim. I'm sure it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week starting with the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the past week. We got we got we got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, sir MVP race and then be a and finally talk on it. We're going to touch on to attack of a low and possibly the Redskins drafting them. All right lot talk about co co Hey, what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day outside somebody 60s all week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's great pests who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing. We got two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted to inquire about hiring a room in the village hall for the evening of September the first let me just see. Yes, we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main hall that's got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry the sorry the sorry the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to 100. Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a charity and we're hoping for at least a hundred and fifty people so I think we'll go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show is not suitable for work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a Pinchot after dark but it's a podcast. I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to the Leaky nib episode 17. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen you in literal like a month ago about a month like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually we usually we usually record In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this so this so this will come out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll be editing in the air on the way to Baltimore. When do when do when do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross. Well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the mangas and podcast this week. We are so excited to sit down with the authors of wild Power Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled with so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use our menstrual cycle when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void and essentially the Wonder Woman complex and That looks like for women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I am here to tell you about the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is called anchor this is the app. I use to create my podcast and I heard about it from a friend of mine who actually does it as well because I thought at first oh my gosh, I want to do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? I have I have I have no equipment. I have no money and I want to ensure that all our voices out here in the Midwest get heard and how do we do that on a platform without spending a lot of ton of money, especially when you don't know what to do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more and you can make money with your pockets, which is the most amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm going to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from Sonny England. Join us as we discuss the ever-changing character of wargaming in the Mortal Realms grab your D6 and get ready for the priority roll. Hello and welcome to Priority roll. My name is Dan. And today I'm joined by the one and only Ben Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm fantastic. Thank you. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are you speaking so slowly? Maybe I should turn to be like this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet tones at times to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of me in right? So what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there so there so there is no need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's damage. And anyway, this is just what I'm feeling and I know it'll pass at some point and movement really seems to make all the difference which I think is so cool. Hello, everybody today. We are joined by Jenna and she's one of my clients and she's actually turned into a quite a dear friend of mine during our time together. And so today we are going to be having a conversation about her journey that led up to her and I working together where she's at. Now what now what now what she likes about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where it goes. But the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just making Mindy cocktails and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, it's usually a bunch of like slow releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics and you know those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't wait either. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a little my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I have all the power say that a normal voice one you Alda power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll guess I'll guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so I guess we're going to try and just talk about something reason that's happened in the news and I think the bigger story which we thought was kind of entertaining was Donald Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump went to India. Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, I mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats up on Trump all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they like to be boring right now. I want I want I want to hear about this. Yeah, but this is hilariously like this is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would have seen the movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, and I mean like he tried his hardest to get there like to talk about them, which is good. I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in carriages. You inspires you inspires you inspires you and empowers you to follow Jesus like never before let's go check out today's message. I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we are as a church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I believe in deeper Taco something in uncertain. May God may God may God go in and bring it on. I believe I believe I believe we are going somewhere and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to due to due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. It was a cold and rainy January night in 1968 in a low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson a pretty 19 year old woman made her way up a dimly lit Street weighed down by the heavy carrying case in her hand. She had come to Aloha from Rochester Minnesota looking for Sunshine and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless days of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your host Scott Knudson call today. I'm talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a national euphonium player in Natalie's first three years of Performing. She was selected as the principal euphonium player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently most recently most recently Natalie has been accepted into the HonorBound of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation this past summer Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium and tuba is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a band memes account called youth he's life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the best Airlines. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah. It is it is it is the airline of the people. Uh-huh. I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I have I have I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will it will it will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else. So this so this so this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast. So this so this so this log is a little bit late. This is this is this is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Bitcoin is the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk about that today Relentless. This is your home for Bitcoin Insider information. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just I just I just want to talk to you a little bit today about some happen to me the other day and they've asked me if I tell you about it just because it kind of changed my life. I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts life changed everybody's life. So I so I so I was down at My Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I walked in there and I was trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't working right and Skeeter walk in he didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of stupid and he was like, hey bud. I got something I need to tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie a seat right there. He said I want to tell you about something that I found out they if you haven't heard about it. I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is this is this is Charles Murphy hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super we're super we're super excited today. We've got a couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles and see what's going on over in the Philippines. I'm not much is going on still saying The coronavirus care still happening, but we're still standing here. So let's fucking do this. I want to hear scoop. Yeah. So this is this is an interesting one and something I've been working on for a while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know that Charles and I watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but we aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of any kind and so before I share it with you. I want I want I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time Proverbs 13 11. I read a story recently about a 24 year old who went to visit a financial planner the financial planner asked to see her spending habits the author of the article shared that through to over the phone sessions in a couple of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have to give up things. She really she really she really loved to save money that realization helped her get past Financial anxiety and helped her to make productive spending cuts during the sessions. Which each lasted about an hour they discussed her background shared screens to look at a monthly credit card statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial accountability was intended to help her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging to know that the Bible is full of wise advice on how to handle and how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today. Let's hear it again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also it's also it's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional career paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is a podcast about taking The Road Less Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles and Hoops. We all we all we all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your host. Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor and certified oversharer. Does that does that does that sound like an insanely long list of things to do? Well it well it well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going to be sitting down with another multi - it whom I admired deeply to talk through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you kill cuz it's fun. You have you have you have made me very desperate. You might not be glad that you did. There was there was there was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you if you if you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am hosting manual and I pray that the word of God you can seem to be dying light and it will be priced. This is this is this is episode number 12 to this word will be read from John 15 verses 9 through 17. As the father has loved me. So have I Loved You Now remain in my love. If you if you if you keep my commands, you will remain in my love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love I have told you this so that my joy may be in you and that your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other as I have loved you greater love has no one than this to lay down one's life for As friends you are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up guys today? We have what is perhaps the oldest question in the book one that mankind has been asking itself since the beginning of recorded history and one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a half Molly's. I am I am I am use of Muhammad formerly known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm doing good. What are you guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with I'm with I'm with formerly known as your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is go ahead. And anyways, my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired on YouTube. So the used to be a visual element. There is not any more. This is just for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving the car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why this audio version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave us a review wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it and let's get into this episode. So today's so today's so today's highly recognizable protagonist was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of animation. A pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on today's popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot be understated. You could love him. You can hate him or you can love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another user another user another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name my name my name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at College Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about emotions or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you doing? Girl? I'm doing so good. Good. We're so we're so we're so happy to have you here. Taylor is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as our theme for today's podcast with Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? It started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year in college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like a kind of came about in college? Well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode this episode this episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the it's the it's the easiest way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my phone computer. You may remember Episodes of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor made it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel reading from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an exegesis of the literal sense of the text. So today's so today's so today's reading is from Matthew chapter 5 verse 43 to 48. Jesus said to his disciples. You have you have you have learned how it was said you must love your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this to you love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you in this way. You will be sons of your father in Heaven for he causes his sun to rise on bad men as well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f m. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it gives you everything you need to record edit. Plus they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major channels including Spotify Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make money with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the download the download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started sweet dreams. Hello, my hello, my hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with poles and some killed her today. We'll be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of two birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by brooke-taylor to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 at 2020 at 2020 at Freddy when polls at 5:30 p.m. To celebrate International women's day will also have five beers on tap from two birds and we go through the episode and we try and have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought of making a podcast but had no idea how I have one word. Anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to start and make a podcast. I'll explain you see with anchor you have creation tools available to you that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. And once and once and once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's that easy now not only is Anchor easy to use but it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you to make money talking about the things that you love with no minimum listenership. I know you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you are you are you ready for this zero? It does it does it does not cost you anything. Anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show. So I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought was I'm here. Maybe it's just beginner podcaster faux pas. But what about all the people who aren't listening in the morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant shitty show of that. Does it does it does it - no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to our little podcast. We say we say we say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first time. We're really glad you're nice to meet you how it look like you hit play Hey for all of you that haven't done this already. We'd love for you to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can do that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free audiobook download and a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over a hundred eighty thousand titles to choose from for your iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player. Before we get into today's episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to you about making authentic friendships. You might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode 34 of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling who created this amazing interactive web app that enables children ages 13 and up and adults with special needs to make friends based on age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers can also sign up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just wanted to take a moment and Shout out our podcast host many of you might already know that we record each episode using anchor, but if you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the easiest most efficient way to record a podcast you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership. It's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. That you can listen on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms and the best part is it's free. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So get on it and go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why is it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is it is it is Friday, March 6 we witness nor Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God. I don't know about you guys. But those but those but those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and pre-august if I skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with and we certainly have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in February. I know I know I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and That's what we do but it's good to have a practice under our belt we can talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want to start with the in book because and Pete I saw you put out a list yesterday of the guys that stood out to you and I put out a list this morning of the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I we were pretty comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but Ian but I mean I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most of the time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have I have I have my good friend will with me on the show. What up, he is from Texas. Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're just going to be talking about dating and especially in the Christian world and what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic. I so I so I so just tell me a little bit about yourself to start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is sponsored by dr. David Romani for the reflection of my view on attend you who died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored anonymously in the Merit sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth karev to her proper. She look today as well as all the singles of marriageable age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo three, so in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit farhi, but the key a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack that sponsored by don't have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I Robert I Robert I rabbit a rabbit a this week splashes fascinating they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech fans? Welcome to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name is Tyrone. I'll be your host. I'm not joined by anybody today as has become custom just because of scheduling things. Like I've said today the plan is I you know, I really struggled over the course of the week to come up with things that I wanted to talk about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going I'm going I'm going to tell you guys about the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was a case suggestion by a apple podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes. So thank you so much for listening and leaving a comment for us and we're excited to share this case with you support yourselves a strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails done. Her appointment her appointment her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of murder. Sometimes it takes years to connect a Killers crimes a March 6th 1959. A man was born who would eventually be tried for the murder of a single woman. It would it would it would take years for police to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator who got the DNA he needed. So if you like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder on May 6th. 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of her, Texas Apartment. She had she had she had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the way. But first, let me tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first. It's free. That's the truth. It's free it's free it's free and there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So going so going so going to be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need. Need to make a podcast in one place. So get started today start your podcast get your voice out there download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- to get started and now a word about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists podcasts and even podcasts about artists all in one place for free. You don't even need a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to the third episode of my beach hats. How are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good day. We're using the mic this time. So you're welcome for that. Yeah, except it's on earbuds. So we got to like pass it to each other. You're some like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've got some great stuff in store for you. We have we have we have a stick listen to this. Okay. That was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Are you going to love this one? I put I put I put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought to you by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast hosting and distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aware of what it is. It's definitely one of the best apps that you can go and find out anchor will help you distribute a podcast to iTunes and the various different platforms. It also has a lot of editing tools where you can edit your podcast right from a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have a nice podcast all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor app or go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's it going? Hey, bro, hey, bro, hey, bro, I'm good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for doing this for me, man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am calling this number because I saw it on a bathroom wall. See if your Brandy greetings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell and today is going to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I with us but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I think I came up on the last. Episode saying episode saying episode saying that I don't remember what I got. My boyfriend for Valentine's Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, but I personally think I've trumped his romantic capability is because I got him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I also got him Star Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide to get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and racing we're passionate about serving run a community and we bring the most interesting and accomplished guests and speakers to inspire you and keep you entertained on those long slow runs. I'm your host. McIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition and weightlifting coach and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire. You can you can you can like us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and on Instagram and Twitter and draw stronger. You can you can you can also join our Facebook Community by clicking visit group on our page and sending us a member of West if you're enjoying the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may ask that is my best friend since the second grade when I was seven years old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had he had he had gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert Boos. Oh the oh the oh the clown the guy has all sorts of nicknames and I assure you I'm going to tell you those stories from all over. The years but the reason we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments. I'm talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times. He has a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher. We are we are we are to business owners looking for a better way in business and life this week. We're looking for a better way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you know what? I'm really I'm really I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I realized so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing since I read this book, but it kind of just there so intuitive they just kind of made their way into my routine because I was aware of a way to do things better integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even use it. I know I don't even think we get past the Faustian and right so hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you here for the title of the show some Pisco rational brought up but English on the translator is interpreter translating right or crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us who you are and who you are Nick. I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge today. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick so stick so stick around when I was a kid. Kid growing up in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 or 14 years old. I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I was a trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of Legends of runeterra. This episode is supported by listeners like you to become a supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello and hello and hello and welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The Meta and the community of the legends of runeterra. I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could not get our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. This is Optimal Health daily episode 948 the benefits of sleep for weight loss and other fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're hey, they're hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric traumatic hip dislocations are usually posterior and may occur due to low injuries sports injuries in children less than 10 years of age treatment is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or sedation open reduction may be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction. 80% of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic poster dislocations. And these injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the mechanism of injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a low energy sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The Unlucky at lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for forward Tyler did all that all of it was a leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun the leprechaun the leprechaun Lenny was the unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't he didn't he didn't have any rainbows on the island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday. For those of you who don't know. We usually shoot these shows day before and there were some major major news dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't I don't I don't know how much time you've had to think about this but this is a new story that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I think it's time you have any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette it is about the new baby. I figured I figured I figured we'd talk about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually did as much research. You looked into it to find out what her deal was and her deal is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is this is this is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most Sinister. I cannot I cannot I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money to buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't need this right here. I promise you you want the Moon just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around. Hey guys, this is Joe. He's a quick little intro on what you're about to hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's a teacher At Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development. So he asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's really good talks about core values talks about how important those are and how vital it is to know what your core values are so you can create culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have you have you have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled programming to give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We have our Flamingo correspondent Hi, how are you? This is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the American Museum of Natural History. You heard her on our do not underestimate the flamingo episode where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I don't know if you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has been a flamingo event. In the last week. Yes. I saw it. It was, you know brought to my attention by a few people. It looks like a picture from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the SVU after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm here with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she LL. Oh and you're the CEO season 21 episode 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us let us let us tell you ahead of time that if you find yourself in a situation where you need help, please reach out to rain. They are wonderful organization. Their hotline is 165 six four six seven three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic with traffic with traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore but a great car can be an adventure a getaway and a prized possession whatever your budget or family require. There's a car out there. You'll love we're here to help you find it. I'm Todd. I'm Paul I'm Paul I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am so happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports cars sports cars sports cars in the winter sort of revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I last started it the day after Christmas because I had to get it out of the garage and having some work done start start. I'm trying to wrap my head around this you started it last night started was the day after Christmas. So that's so that's so that's been like what three months as of this report. Last time. It moved was a month before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the way, where there's one thing. I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car is true. I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your hosts hard and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and Gordon believe it or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap some of the Daleks 64 our last page of rough road today. We thought that I know whoo-hoo today. We thought for today's death. We would we would we would actually just it's really just part of an unload we would just learn the dots together and see what we can glean from some of its insights will start with a murabbi oven which is Really the first topic that's on the top. I'm already I'm already I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque and such trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter. Just talking to teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA in association with the teacher development trusts and now proudly sponsored by John Kat educational. So we so we so we have a strip Back Lean podcast this week. So there is no teacher development trusts section or the usual podcast pedagogy section where it's me and Rings into music film and books. They will return next week. So it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful ormer Akbar in conversation. And the and the and the reason for this strict back podcast is that I'm recording especially early in the week this week because I have just been recording a couple of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do you like thinking? No. Well, sometimes you like thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? Of course? Well, then we've got the podcast for you. We are we are we are dude for Thought come join us as we try to find the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical. Hey, if you're listening to this, you know, how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know. We're just kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple of issues like hey, I got a couple issues with for we don't have a low blow but we don't have issues or just so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna podcast for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm Tim, this is our podcast is first time something new just you know had an idea one day like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might as well try to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going we're going we're going to talk about the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model S and plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm really really excited about from a financial perspective. So going to nerd out on this shout out to the third row podcast. I came up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and we're talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool looking new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost 60 Grand and then you pay five and a half Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads which are geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking like wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of this luxury Performance Brand to upsell all of these fancy new features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like Tesla nerds would love and the track package is one example, but what I think is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to be telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best app to use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You can you can you can use your phone computer or any other device to record it. And once you post the podcast, it doesn't just go on acre. They post they post they post it on Spotify to get your podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything you need in one place and it is the best platform to create. Any type any type any type of podcast I think this is episode 4. I don't I don't I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I don't think anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're going to talk about the combine that just happened and how the Panthers are going to get the best pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's it going? It is it is it is Friday, March 6th already 2020 time flies when you're having fun. Isn't that right? Having a blast here today shows a good one. Nice Feel Good Friday to send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have we have we have conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks down. V play vplay vplay from the New Orleans Saints playoff game that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good answer. Also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and all the other conversation that you could potentially want to hear about life. We can't we can't we can't thank you enough for choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other things with your earholes right now. A lot of the things people say you shouldn't use Q-tips and more I use them. I use Q-tips all the time. I love me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the way, though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no further. If you if you if you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have to pay to host your content. There's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want in a podcast in one place. You have you have you have something to say you want to get it out. You want to write a note just upload and turn on your anchor app on your phone and hit record and save notes to your library to upload to future episodes download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred percent free this creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the rest. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify and many more on top of that. You can actually earn money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast that allows people like you and me to invest our money in the more entertaining way. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a I'm a I'm a photographer by the day, but I make most of my money by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down with you and sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've learned and more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed I've noticed I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a mica covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley can just use our code. That's KU Z AZ and me honking honking meaning in a script to get the full code. Just listen to our full Kodak bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening to good answers. Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here with us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address. Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our it's our it's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports Kindles of the past 31 years. Today's event today's event today's event comes to us from 1992. When the when the when the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable group of youths from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world until deceptions of age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here. Day to day to day to our March Madness special listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League World Series is perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Sports and while it might evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 over your life. No virus no virus no virus can Prevail over the spirit of God plead the blood of Jesus that if the virus is a wave around and tries to even come close. The fault so don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk don't talk don't talk too much about did you hear this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming close some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come to Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that it kicked out of Hyderabad right? There is no permission to come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and everybody and everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back welcome back welcome back to the Disney College podcast. I'm here with my friend cat cat. How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on this episode we are man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of diving. All right into it. We're going we're going we're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll call it vol 1 but cat you want to so who were your roommates and what happened? Okay, so I extended so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person apartment. So I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if they were just what would that look like? Well, this well, this well, this is a very small part of what we are talking about in today's episode. So let's so let's so let's get things started. The coronavirus is the Talk of the Town right now and today I want to cover it in some detail from a bit of a different angle. All in all in all in this episode I want to talk less about masks and hand sanitizer and more about perhaps the financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want I want I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? Give me P frog. Hey guys, welcome to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no photo show. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother. I heard I heard because I played it for you. This one's for you man. I don't know not to go off topic here. Oh guys, welcome to the Moa. No photo show. We are we are we are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also gangster rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd no we'd no we'd be so don't get enough social door - yeah, you gotta be cool to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg not awkward. So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never I've never I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty I'm pretty I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I knew of it. But now I know it's also the ancestral home of two warring American factions those no-good greasers and those rotten sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your host Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it I mention it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me today is writer journalist Leslie gray Streeter. How are you today? I am really good. I'm really good. Thank you. I am so excited to have you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help conversations with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me join me join me Maria Sosa of holistically Grace as we take a deep dive into redefining and exploring Health through the mind and body. This week's guest needs no introduction. She is an author Wellness consultant and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their voice through storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She is the magic behind words for Wanderer loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite the today I affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the truth the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds is the voice of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for another edition of big fashion big bank. We got family in the building y'all nudity is on big fast, nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is just a conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of your partner and well, why don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you got to do we know you're going to do is just addition is swear that you going to tell the truth the whole truth nothing, but it was just big fast tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Okay. All right, cool. So what we left off last time we talked it was just just just talking about you and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life podcast today. I'm going to be bringing on a friend of mine this woman and I met let's see here probably close to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to believe that now we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of all of all of that kind of thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together. She's since moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in a while, but it was really great to record this episode. She has spent the last several years studying herbs. Actually, she actually, she actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met her and she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to share some of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I have to apologize that I have not figured out yet, which I need to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we truly believe that the best of you are those who benefit others so I'm a thief and here I am. And we are your hosts for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome to welcome to welcome to this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday it's Thursday it's Thursday man, Friday's tomorrow and you can smell it the weekends here and that's when you let the freaks out the weekends for the freaks. Before I get into this week's episode. I just want to tell you that this Friday March the 6th. I will be in Iowa City at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I will be in Detroit Michigan at electricity and both of those shows are on the E - a store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why it's okay to fuck up. Let's get into this week's episode. Are the podcast and the intro song this week is actually a song that a fan sent in that. I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need I need I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge hello Madge hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works hard towards Ascension. So you don't have to I'm your host Adam Simpson and I am joined by terrie Robinson. And today we are going to talk about the dream speakers in another episode of tomes of magic. But before but before but before we do, I thought it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry how you doing. I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Express podcast to talk about the woo Kang now we talked for almost two and a A half hours just about the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that for two hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I forgot that Australian summer time and North American summer time do not occur at the same time. So I'm like, let's figure out a time to record what will be good and I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and like I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal con artists episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park has Network. We've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like ideas, like ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In the last few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going up and up as of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases and over 3,000 debt and the virus has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're starting to feel it here in the US just this week the World Health Organization put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who get it worldwide. So just how worried should you be the start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day 2020. Our podcast is based on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which is a celebration of things going wrong and what we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to discuss failings in their life both in their personal life and in their career showing how much you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, my name's Beth Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the host for this episode today. I have the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm Hazel. I love tennis. I hate small talk and have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm Marky filter. What's that? Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX 93.1 and good morning, everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well Queen Hazel. And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and flex and flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks hey folks hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know the drill you sure as hell should by now sitting here episode 42 got another action-packed episode for you here today. We are rocking and rolling. That's Grace Ibrahim behind the glass on the ones and twos and the man the solution to our audio that is Tyler on the dice today rocking and rolling were excited. To have to have to have you here Tuesday after Friday Tuesday after Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right hang right hang right with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially a thing of the past. This is this is this is their third generation trimmer featuring Advanced Skin safe technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits one of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921. The criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many of them were there for Life others for death. By that by that by that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that number would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there but there but there was one man on death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old Sparky a longshoreman who is convicted of murdering one of his co-workers in a violent rage. He was granted a reprieve from the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one likes a cheater but we all seem to know one. Maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's the reason you don't talk to an old friend or one of your parents anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust and respect in some cases. It's even more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain of being cheated on maybe you've even been the cheater, but no you've never cheated and you never will. It right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of betraying your current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description below. Thank you so much for listening. Hey everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty Revenge the subreddit where people post stories of small victories over those who dared to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced. I'm out. So this happened to me years ago to the details may be a bit fuzzy in some parts when I was in Middle School. My brother my brother my brother was just graduating high school. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so Working with a recruiter and events would be organized for all the new recruits to hang out while they wait to go off to basic one. Such event such event such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is what is what is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um. What it what it what it was that again is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, Maggie. I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to welcome to welcome to after credits. My name is Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her name is Carly. Hello. Oh my gosh. Basically, this is the first episode of our And we basically the end. Oh my God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be discussing the creative like not just as individuals but also as a community will also talk about what it's like to express ourselves and share stories through our respective creative Fields. Also the time you're here from us, but will also be featuring other artists on this podcast as well. If you're interested in listening to this podcast, be sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank today. Let's talk about gold. Go touch go touch go touch an intraday high of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars per ounce in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 January 2013. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat his record high set on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 the record high of 1920 $1.17 has not Closed in his den, or at least until now. I think it is first important to understand what drove prices to those sites in 2011. Let's take let's take let's take a trip down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur every entrepreneur every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in with enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join me as I go along you're joining the words Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the business mentor? Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name is Luke. I'm with I'm with I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests on you just skipped it we have because we've done our guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why would I say this if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I thought it'd just be nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show introducing a new market today. We'll The Savage if that's me. I'm well, or will the Savage on this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty that's pretty that's pretty Savage so money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's still we're almost at five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that I think we can probably Go to the dollar store almost five round trips. Yeah, that's really awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or like a confetti Pauper like five of those not like a beef stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say we can see ya Takin darts at a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship backwards good idea. So this so this so this is the most packed episode we've ever had that's cool. It's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush all the way to the molars in the back three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped discover DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew she grew she grew up in London in the 1930s and went to one of the only schools that taught women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided she wanted to be a And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our podcast. I wanted I wanted I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this inspires you hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective to see God is moving in your life. Enjoy the message. So thankful that you're here today and I am going to go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is 19 verses today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow. God bless you. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This sermon this sermon this sermon will probably take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The Lord the Lord the Lord showed up. I thought he did till nobody said there was here last night. Yeah. To me to me to me he showed up. And so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an interactive online community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that I create and curate online for us to talk about which is why both our tagline for phenomenology club and the subtitle for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of these uploads are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're if you're if you're interested in interacting with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our club what we do and how you can become a member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually I actually I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let y'all know that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be possible without anchor anchors it easiest way to make a podcast and they give you everything you need in one place for free. That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can use right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools to allow you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast and many more. You can also make a little bit of Ching from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor that's anchor that's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and welcome to come want to start off the show by giving a fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar has in recent weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I mean kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly viable as a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say someone say someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an intro welcome back to talking backwards between Peaks podcast. I am Dave Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody and holler Mullins. I am here. This is this is this is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're going to go back to the beginning and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought I thought I thought this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the sustainable development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James and Kevin here to take you along the sdg ride. I hope you enjoyed today's STG talks podcast. Planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and probably another 10 years to actually build it. So we always have to plan 25 years in advance for a population 25 years later and you know similar to what many things happen in the world. We usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up working out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a thesis around the water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're if you're if you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes, so three years. I started I started I started listening to you and I was in a transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and I had been had that dream for about 15 years and I think it was in my vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening to you, I left a really high profile job, and I did and I started a business. And for two years, I worked hard to get it off the ground and I was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And I and I and I got so aligned and the business started and I got everything I wanted and more and it was huge and it launched in a way more than I could have ever asked for no not more than you could have ever asked for us in a way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody that you know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and y'all can t have a conversation. You know, I'm saying the only moment y'all have is because we're just here to serve each other to get this money and then we walking apart. So it's so it's so it's like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't think it was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you know, a lot of us joke the Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a bunch of idiots run wild a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina is available those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that you can work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, all right, all right, folks here. He is he is he is the big fella from the big North. We have brought him in yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power suit Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked we asked we asked Alex last week. Have you seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I think it's a good-looking suit. I it's I it's I it's like a mix of Obama's beige suit and a J.Crew model. It's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel Rob. It's little lapel, you know, it adds a little flare a little spice. So you are and are you going to work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right before my work shifts. So well, so well, so well, so what we're going to do here again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a big before anything. We got we got we got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's hey what's hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode of the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for you guys today. My name my name my name is KJ I said I'll be your host and it's actually going to be a solo pod today because the Lakers are on the schedule. Brian is in a meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're going to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot alot alot of people consider this to be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on the Lakers home turf at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. We all know what happened last time the Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer form and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers dream of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to talk about anchor our new podcast platform. The easiest way to make a podcast that is a good point and gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record and edit and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as good as my voice or you can upload a podcast that you might have recorded on another application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast for you so it can Be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can you can you can make easy money for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor right? No minimum no minimum no minimum listenership required download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- right now. Yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a warm meal with a husband and children Pearl was reaching the end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey despite the chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she peddles along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she squeezed the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came into view German soldiers coated the span like ants on a fallen Apple that bridge was the fastest route across the river a straight shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready get ready get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush in little circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines week. And today we're talking about a courageous woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene. Tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called the palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that island and tricking Nene was one of the palala people switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter of a leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast. It's going on. Well, it's the Partnerships that we've had and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are going to be under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May we're going to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he going to be a salon? Because of course we going to be there with her love Retreats. We really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth is going to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, they're going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth phase want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm so excited schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your next gig order today. Welcome to the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where we try to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't listen that's part of the sort of you know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of in the startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of it and you have to pull out boogers to get it to start recording. Right? Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy pizza and I do need to dig around in there and then I do get if I say, you know, if I cuss too much then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me and I hurts a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those have a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was justin was justin was here set up. Like actually like actually like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from the skirt and he's going to join us for the ride on the first ever episode of Melody our little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well didn't well didn't well can't complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to just come back and relax at home. All right, all right, all right, so What do you think the goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let me let me let me try to Enlighten the that a little bit. So basically it did start out as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast and stuff like that. We went we went we went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if you become a premium user you can download the episode so you can listen to them offline like I do when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also you can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said in head of sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a regular Mom. I'm a I'm a I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks for listening. I have had some shit on my mind per usual that I wanted to share of one of which is the fact that I have literally not had a job for the past. Really long time and like my adult life probably aside from like a gig here and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my bank account. I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a few reasons. One of one of one of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the in the in the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds of the unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your demise is it hand you stop and turn and see the harmless dancing shadows in your wake you let out a shaky breath almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination. Suddenly. You feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any of their victory that takes them back to the top in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last week and earlier this week. And the first thing was poor is why am I not posting the full week of workouts on Facebook a week in advance and it's simple reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so there are days that you can make it and days. You just can't make it. And that is how I want you to plan your week. I don't I don't I don't want you to plan your week to try based off of a certain workout that you're trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about the purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first it's free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? Welcome to another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome okay, welcome okay, welcome to another edition of 40th podcast on today's episode. We have we have we have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second century BCE. So how so how so how did one of the most efficient and influential combat outfits of all time vanish from the historical record? If you enjoy this episode and want to hear more Tales of Scandal murder and The Unexplained check out par cast presents March Mysteries, you'll hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Rory the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really have a thing we can actually go through but we do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think hey, why do they support Sunderland? I'm your host Tom Walsh and I'm here with Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe hello Joe hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia and today we're going to be talking about Tick Tock and it's road to success. So this app take talk has been showing up on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular app and it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be famous. One of those teams you might know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? So if he was dancing on the camera on that one, and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced by Games Workshop. This is the second ever podcast I've ever made. So I so I so I hope this isn't too horrible and still trying to find my feet. So I so I so I hope you are bear with the bad editing in places. I've done my best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections that were terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then I then I then spend the rest of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the basic building blocks of the game. I was intending to spend some time discussing how to use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing have a lot of Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the man of courses primarily from gaming perspective. This is a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the one our content plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction Mira is making a big bold promise. She's promised to give you a Year's worth of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you go all in you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've heard the quote give a man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came over a Southern state flooding most of the many counties since the water was about six feet deep outside and inside their house one family spent its time sitting on the porch roof watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice a nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream against the current. This was obviously very strange. So the so the so the lad kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream around the corner of the house and came floating back down again after a while. It came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people with Laura and Romy. It's a whole big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi. We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on this moment of Genius. Everybody did everybody did everybody did we did to there was like a sudden like hand in my shots, and he was feeding me like, you know something if it's wow, it's like the clouds open and you're on Mount Olympus and it's just the two of us. Discussing the discussing the discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people see us in their dreams now. It's probably how they see you. Don't you don't you must have a lot of scenes that open like that? You're a part of this. Oh, it's just like a myth girls like walking kind of in we're talking about those are some of my favorite scenes like, you know, the Gonzo's. Well, it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we have to sift through more often than not the level of conversation is at such a high intellectual point that we're not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We thought we might share one of them with you now, but remember if you want to be involved, don't forget. You send us a DM. Send us your questions and we'll go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I did the whole sort of winning the Florida when the Clear Water went down. I did like did Miami and then sort of come back round again and went into they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney Walsh and I have a special guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce yourself over there? My name my name my name is Katherine. I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine dances with me. I haven't said the name of our company because I mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can keep it discreet like I'll probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can edit it. I recommended that I just For like PR Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to listen to this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced at American Ballet company. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect. Can I say your full name? Yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up coming up coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the switches third birthday. And I don't think we bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone. So the Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell. We've got a good show for you. Today. We're going we're going we're going to be talking about the news from the week including a lot of news coming out of platinum games and Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda A to Z. But in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited. I also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends High cuz he hates horror movie that I do and that's why they call me the horror version. That's the that's the that's the only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons that all you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one our episodes drop on Monday. So check so check so check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. First of first of first of all, it's free. Secondly, they give you creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the flip the script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift. I'm really excited about this week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break because fitting race coming up. So angry is after you losing to this. It'll be we have week one week of classes still and then spring break is the week after that. So March, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next week. I just have a presentation for one of my classes see your husband exam for a class that I'm not in but it's just like we're really home free now, we've finished our last exam today, which is so so nice because we had like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I so I so I will say it was like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today and I'm out of the way especially because now that I feel like I still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you guys quickly about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and one place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that is great because let's face it. We are all trying to save a little bit these days. So with so with so with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you so you so you never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is actually useful. So if you haven't done so already download the Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth. Hey Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So I mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then well, we haven't talked to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that. Yeah, but they don't hear the tax that can't read that this is we're talking to these people. We're not I don't think they want to read some of the stuff that we say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, we did go to piece. That was pretty cool. We got to see some amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really cool. Music had some good beer. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to the good trouble after show and guys. We are at the season finale of the such a good season Chad Hills. I am I am I am your host Jay Jones. I've been I've been I've been rocking with you since season one. I'm so happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to the fart of my love. I have I have I have Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've yes, I've yes, I've been watching the posture since I was in high school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she brings you your news and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are how are how are you guys doing? I'm so I'm so I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you have something that you feel like you want to share? I know Brandon and I toss different ideas around for months before we found out the anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast and I'll tell you why first of all, it's free. You can record edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from your computer. It will do all of the work for you put it out on Spotify apple and all of the big names you can make money with no minimum listenership. And it's and it's and it's everything that you need for your podcast right in one place. So here's what you need to do. If you're interested Go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's ANC hor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- go check it out and get started on your podcast. Hello everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome to room 237. So for our first episode we're going to get into the movie Carrie the original old school one from 1976. So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was one of my mother's favorite. So I so I so I think it was one of the first ones she saw in the theater growing up. I was introduced to this movie when I was about nine or ten, which given the amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate. But I turned out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat let's chat let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host join me as I talk to the best and brightest and It's an economics will go beyond just Theory and discuss some of the most important real world macro questions of our time what happens next and how does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is Kate kocher today. I'm going I'm going I'm going to be celebrating the life and grieving the passing of my husband's grandmother. And it and it and it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not seen for a long time. We get to share stories about this woman that was in our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and that today I know we're going to have a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and sharing stories about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of humans and human nature. And so and so and so today I want you to kind of join me not just with the people that have passed away in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive to Spotify. It's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 slow scan television telecast during the first moon landing to hear more mini episodes like this follow gone exclusively on Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back welcome back welcome back to BFF which stands for not not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then I'll see what I'm Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and this is episode 5 were just talking about how we can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it feel like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to spending as much time with you half an hour a week. That's crazy every other week or every other week. That's insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing this you are you really leaving your hood on the entire time. Yes, I am spaghetti. Yes on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like he's like he's like got vomit on his sweater already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that I've got puke on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It doesn't really have the same scanning that does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello. Welcome to I just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why do I like this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just you're just you're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where every day we talk about a heroic woman from history today. We're talking we're talking we're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible odds, her name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in England a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was born with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she was just a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher rushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or try to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough of that going on in the world today. As a matter of fact, the inspiration behind this podcast is to speak to and in Fire regular folks through personal stories that being real being vulnerable and being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite. We believe that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow through our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that in our Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the original version on demand. So a big warm welcome to my guests on the show tonight and a Colgan and loose and Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've got a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it just straight away no first. Of all of all of all just tell us about yourselves and ye introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously people at home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah I'm Hannah I'm Hannah Colgan a second year from Hill bead studying physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's great. That's great. That's perfect. That's what you wanted and you lose it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also I'm also I'm also a second-year student from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up friends puff stuff podcast back on your listening device. We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool thing right now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give away their products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're going to do some testimonials from us. This is what you got to do go to the puff and Steph Facebook page, and it's pinned to the top of the page and just tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want you want you want to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe there's something specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless god bless god bless you Derek. I love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to welcome to welcome to soba is dull soap is dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 step program. We support we support we support people's right to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live approach to sobriety. This show is intended to highlight the benefits of a sober life. We want to encourage healing and transformation. This show this show this show is for anyone that is struggling with alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I am a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener ships. It's everything you need to make a podcast in One place, so let's try together. I remember that day like it was yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending messages to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't this isn't this isn't the third episode of the series and when you're still getting that's all right. We almost we almost we almost there today. I wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and bad memories and all that shit, but most importantly. I want I want I want to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I should talk about it. I thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing costco nothing costco nothing special but why not just talk about Mary's and all the shit that's happened in that school that made me who I am today. It's like it's like it's like now Mary's. Mary's was mary's was mary's was a school. Unfortunately got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability and empowerment to thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and you grams 7 twinsies active students in the space of friendships a less common type of relationship that's discussed. And we're here to share all that. We've learned and still learning so grab a cold brew and join us at the table. This is the girls go podcast. So Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to say hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I was little and I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just wish that you never seen. What is what is what is that is on Disney Channel and here's some for us. Yes. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll be hood forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since I made it here I can make it anywhere get a love me everywhere. I used I used I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some pretty cool stuff today. I'm very excited about you Sheriff. I am I am I am freaking pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like kind of the one of the the first like not real episode, but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts and other things going to talk about besides just you know overarching principle. So I mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all about the difference between a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into what do we mean by that? We obviously there's a difference between gold and idea like, you know, Tyler what are you talking about? So I'll break it down real quick and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing about what we came up with what we what we have found to be true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about the anchor app, let me explain a few things because it's the easiest way to make a podcast. That's exactly what we do here at running wild podcast. We use anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free. That's correct. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast. Also, there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you don't have to worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms. You can you can you can also make money from your podcast and everybody loves making more money. So go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a that's a that's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your host to read and I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to help you on your spiritual and healing journey. I am I am I am a certified yoga and meditation teacher a student of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person. I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you to grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode today. We will be doing meditation together which will ground you down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening you're listening you're listening to live an app kind of like a heart to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck. It's okay. It's the first shot. I say we roll with it and we just keep going. You're right, except it's live to neck. Yeah, that's about it. I got it live to neck live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode. This may be a train wreck. It may be like if it is we're just gonna go with the flow. That's us that's us that's us and let the train hit us - oh man. I'm just saying go with the flow of things the flow of the train. Hitting our bodies great start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I ruined the entire. I did not we can go again once I got my stirring spoon. Thank you. Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted by its most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to Harry's podcast. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them give them give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a lot of a lot of setup work that we have to do in order to make a tournament work. So I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and greetings and greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in the same team record membership number in March will we during the Australian by the end of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? What do what do what do we want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two and a fantastic win against last year's premiers the crows in the AFL. W we discuss this and more on the blue bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really good. Thank you apologies that we're releasing this a few days later than we would have liked. I actually had a bit of a vacation early early you vacation. So this is the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David Starr co-ack. Well, yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is he? All right. So how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked over the yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, obviously there's good moments and bad moments, but overall, it's been just all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed the most? I guess I guess I guess one thing that I've you know kind of felt happy about is like, you know people, you know accepting me for who I am because yeah, you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven to real estate investor here. Just want to give a shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what I'm not computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Take care. In this episode we have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire. I am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind because it's story time. Welcome to the first season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences that shape our world. If after if after if after the show you feel compelled to share a story or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire at gmail.com. This is this is this is an independently run podcast. If you like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're going with day one. The Tuesday first race of the day of the meeting is a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've got shishkin at five to two Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed to be riding him on the day. Two main Market while I was issued in a stirring for lunch. They probably deserve to be up there because they've got probably the best form of all the horses in the race. She skin very impressive as two wins. And again asking for loans and being free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've gone without a heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like I like I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We got a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking about the Desi strong game of new polls versus st. Joe's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has ended up getting the W girls going to be talking about who we think is gonna win the D3 Championship. There's four there's four there's four teams that we think that could win it. So stay tuned to find out who would might be and then we're going to end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really excited about the season coming up and we just wanted to talk about that a little bit. Bit, so I hope you guys enjoy. All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose had a long week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls on Saturday. And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably they're probably they're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside outside and chewing side each tube. It's heroines week and every day this week. We've talked about a heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari. Maathai the woman who started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a country in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon that would change. Switch or brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that I'm going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some of the sanity to the conversation about this this illness in sort of the electronic discourse that goes About it to try to just seal fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right now in the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this is David. It's me, John and it's me Alec and welcome back to another episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going to get into a bunch of topics including our first topic which is Spam calls and we got all sorts of stuff here spam calls from different parts of the country. If you know what I'm picking up, we're discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously is just messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when I got my first spam collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember I remember I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with us today. We got a great show. Look at Marathon trials review plenty of stuff to preview. But first but first but first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it on the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah. Hey guys, this is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right now. We're at track me where the track office not really supposed to be got some audience over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a hoot and a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed that so it was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie in that room was through the roof. We had just about over a hundred people in one room, which was probably a fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our number one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody could win and there were Current objects of pleasure. I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is safe for the radio. So I'm so I'm so I'm going to kind of curve that but also objects to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on the watch of Plymouth State. There's over there's over there's over a thousand dollars dropped Plymouth state funded money on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today. We're going back to 1991 when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged with the sexual assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free. Spotify or spotify or spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a Las Vegas gym on September 10th 1991 world champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his fists landed with rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are talking about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But also quarter extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance of it and where to look in a handful of different movements. So Fern first question I have for you is when were you first introduced to the concept? out of out of out of quarter extremity the book definition of it at the level 1 course, however physically introduced to it probably day one is an athlete like as a little kid. They just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type of throwing mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is probably jumping or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today in this episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian writer with British descent and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards and Padma Shri. I found the story in an old book of mine and there is something about the way he write his story. These the way he brings characters to life. I am personally a big fan of his writings and today you gonna sit back relax unwind yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you have to know today is that you have everything that you need to get to the other side of today everything that has happened up till now everything that you've experienced your values your belief everything that makes you you will get you through today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this so 2% back yourself and know that today is your day. This is your everyday positivity. My name is Kate Cocker. I'm here I'm here I'm here on volley and I'll be back with you tomorrow with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it. You got this everyday positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so much for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this episode and that you choose to listen today. I've had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll be able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social media for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back on another podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I was training for the London marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, this guy is crazy like what he has achieved. I was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & hello & hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today and today and today we have got in the studio very special. Guests welcome to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan. Karate club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's finally here. Finally where finally where finally where we mentioned. It would name dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we have and I've been up to him a couple of times going. Oh, I haven't said anything you don't like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm trying to pretend I'm not okay. We've had a lot of trouble getting this podcast episode set up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for one person and that I feel like our audio is always a little off and you guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to troubleshoot it we're probably going to have to get two separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said it with me. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This is a mother-daughter podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed to me and Miss thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was that dude? I don't know. What the fuck was that it's not like something fun was vibrant. What's up? Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to the filthy garage or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's cold as fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy as fuck what your balls are small. I mean is that because it's cold or is that just because your balls are small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's like what's up? Welcome back. My ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole it from my sister. Oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself your children and your partner. We are going to give you tips and strategies to create peace and authenticity within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four kids ages 11 9 5 & 3 we inhale a This amount of books and life tools and distill the information for you are awesome listeners. Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody. I have a high five and that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. Today's guest today's guest today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director at cnx leading a team of talented creative designers and producers. He's worked at agencies all over the world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly in New York and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host from time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from our conversation. We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he was young. And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene and we all know who he is, which is Michael Jordan and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is this is this is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're not you're not you're not a horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does that? I'm gonna go finger the icing over another company. Hello and hello and hello and welcome to another episode of officially unofficial. Hello and hello and hello and welcome back. My name is Nat and my name is Bianca and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction. Are they are they are they hot or are you just desperate? How was your day? My day my day my day was very boring. How was yours? I was I was I was also very boring but for very I assume very different reasons. So I was summoned to jury duty today. Not sure how much I can talk about but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat texting and FaceTime. We all we all we all probably have those devices on our phones. I do I do I do a lot of live videos, of course for My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you listen to them some of y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then move on or whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered Snapchat. Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for real. It's pushing it. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where we try to help with your you love with your day lemmas and try to make life a better place for you over to live in and stuff like sets and shit from dickhead boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is this is this is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain streaming live on YouTube. We are dumb money. Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm Dave I'm Dave I'm Dave Hanson joined with Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and look who just popped on. Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, how's it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all we're all we're all doing this this special broadcast. We normally we normally we normally don't do a live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk about Robin Hood. It's a company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in not as users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a shares of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage that is kind of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you know, we just want to be on the podcast. So here I am. He's helping fill in today is doing and we had to our pour one out for the homies. Yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No. No, it's no, it's no, it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is no more fried a podcast. Shout out shout out shout out weaves new job. Yeah, why yeah, why yeah, why don't I talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like we're gonna instead of carrying you into your weekend. We're going to start going to start your week off right? Hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going I'm going I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If you guys have not seen it yet Gigi just recently dropped an article on his medium page and it's another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a living organism. So let's go ahead and jump into the read and then we'll talk a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is surviving and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and hi and hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after the demo for Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that which was the one with Drew Brees on the cover. Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC Championship Game the 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was the game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you play that demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose to be a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly because I have a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang today. I'm sharing with you about the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the fat unanimously cut the federal funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change in the u.s. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will it will it will surely way on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some time. This came earlier than scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we what we what we said about the FED being cornered in to a 50 basis point cut by market. The question that remains is where will the FED go from here? If you if you if you reference the G7 meeting of Finance Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses look to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw we saw we saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan and I'm going to read Psalm 16 today. This is another Psalm of David. Preserve Me O God for in the do I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art my Lord. I have no good be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth. They are the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood. I will not offer nor take their names upon my lips. The Lord is the portion of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are Fallen unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael I'm Michael I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup winner. Saskia Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm not annoyed. I'm annoyed at things. I probably I probably I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's up? Everybody? We're actually joined by a very special guest today. We've got the Athletics goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining us all the way from Sweden. What is what is what is up dude? How are you? I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be Back, you know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to Sweden to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's your theory? Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where a person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually it usually it usually comes from a traumatic event or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed. It's one of the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there was a study they did with two mice. They had one mouse in a cage where they gave it a slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the other Mouse when they gave the shock to it. There was a lever that it could hit where it could get out of the cage. The interesting thing about that is after repeatedly doing this test. They took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening to my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me want to start a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to get this one off the ground. He know me. I had a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like how do I record an episode? How do I get my show into like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make money from my podcast? Well, I well, I well, I got the answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and distributing your podcast and you ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all free. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the app I'm using it is definitely the easiest one to use it's free and there's creation tools straight in the app that allow you to edit your podcast from your phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and many more without having to do anything which is great and you can make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You gotta you gotta you gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's so it's so it's everything you need to do all one place and to download the app go to anchor on the App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to listen to listen to my man. Everything in YG's podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing what you're doing man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea how we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use the anchor dot f m-- recording platform super easy distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out use promo code pmf 22 save 20% off your jig order. Welcome to the paddle and fin podcast Network. This is this is this is the final cash segment with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this episode. I'm going to be talking about male multiple orgasms and so stick around to hear more about this juicy stuff. Do you want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels juicy sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the sexual Kung-Fu podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual Energy to magnetize your ideal life. So there's so there's so there's a bit of a myth in our world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent of a man's sexual capacity. That's that's that's that's that's that's the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, we have The Stereotype of the man who finishes having sex this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is all about living your life with intention each week. I'll be featuring someone who inspires me and lives each day with purpose. My greatest. Hope is hope is hope is that by listening you two will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins with you. With me in the studio today and by Studio, of course, I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always say your name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like Madonna. Okay old like Madonna that's fair to like how many people really know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that because it's like mine. Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name is Sean Gerber joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? I'm getting over being sick and just getting over being sick. I'm fine. But just it's weird being sick and trying to recoup its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed the right way. I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed the right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking. I'm glad you're on. On the mend we did a couple patreon exclusive shows over the weekend or Friday night and you were sounding a little rough. But at least you know, you stuck it out for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they appreciate so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you are doing very very well. Good job, good job, good job, but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What is it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make a podcast really so well, first of all, it's completely free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are so are so are we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a ways to do things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation tools allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after you post it? Well, once well, once well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it out so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch more places. You don't you don't you don't have to do anything but post it to Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money off of it? Yeah, you can make money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can make money right away. You can start making money man. That is awesome. So what you're saying is it's everything you need to to make a podcast in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage a scary proposition last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving arranged marriage in the first experience. The two parties are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got married, but within a month my friend found out that she was still in touch with her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and asked he filed for divorce right away. Such experience has made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to be explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to become more masculine to determine your fate. And the reason why I feel that this is such an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to actually control their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way they're in control of what they would like and as a man this is important to your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness. And not and not and not only that if you want to become a man of value so that way other men or other people in general can lean on you. You're going you're going you're going to have to learn this. So here's the deal. If you don't have a very high attention span, if you're a person who cannot sit there and focus for two to five minutes, you're not going to do very well. Okay, because this video might take me a little bit to explain so grab a pen grab a paper. If you can't take five to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and Daniel fintan in the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm good feels a bit lonely to be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due respect to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill krob not quite to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest but we had our first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last week, and if you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down. So myself and Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so alright, so alright, so we got our first contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ever you ready? All right, so so it's nine to nine. 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on death row who will probably die of old age before actually seeing an execution on March second 1984 a man was convicted for a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was he was he was arrested this man wanted the death penalty. He did not not want to grow old in prison and 34 years later. He got he got he got his wish so if you like your coffee hot, but your bones chilled sit back and start your day with a morning cup of murder. Edmund zagorski edmund zagorski edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most of his life in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher conferences here at Tommy's high school. So I so I so I thought maybe I would go around and do something special a little bit different going to go around and ask random teachers if they want to answer a question that my students have written. I'm going to pull a question out of the grab bag. It's going to IAM impromptu, they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers. I'm sure in the meantime, I want to let you know that tomorrow. We have another official guest and I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on between two Blue Devils. This individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share with you is unbelievable. So you want to make sure you tune in this weekend. Make sure make sure make sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through this reading In season 4 episode 461 would reflect on C. So the film was 342 the mere fact that people endure the same pain more easily when they voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then when they suffer it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing into the Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake up in the bedroom was filled with the tangible manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the for the for the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we think teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources for their classrooms visit teach starter.com to make your classroom Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is is not for little ears if you've got kids with you save this listening goodness for later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional comedian who inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday fun. He's with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I am here with this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I agora I agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the jam cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's happening? Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You know, are we in the ether as a they were up there on the cloud as inquiry for a while? Yeah, very nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's very nice. Actually. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community. We need we need we need to actually move on and get better. And how do we do that? We do that by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can only win or learn in life. And if you're in pain, then that means you can learn something from the pain. Welcome to smog top small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature. It's the infamous Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to hear more urban legends check out our haunted places feed on Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only episodes of urban legends every Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy little Teen Wolf or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And this is understanding Edge. It's been a pretty crazy week and a half in the markets. We reached out last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as well as fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it would be beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss what he saw over the last week and a half thoughts on the FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed and what we're looking to do in this type of volatile environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you very much and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going to be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming and fucking dot moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sorry we sorry we sound a bit. Sorry. It will not sure about blur if he sounds pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay. Fuck I'm pissed off my fucking we record this from songs on the first time. It was it was it was only to the second point. So it was 14 minutes and I like to do before. Yeah, fuck your login as well. I hope it doesn't do that. I could just start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, all right, all right, so welcome to I'm gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting we're counting we're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling back to 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for intentionally losing games to pay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that would rock college basketball for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st march 1st march 1st 1995 as the final buzzer sounded the crowd at the Chrysler Center went wild the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 264. None of the Northwestern players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie Perry. I'm a I'm a I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the founder of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love helping people overcome anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and stress, please join us each week as we share real sessions with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with anxiety OCD mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest fears and find that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth for 20 years old sound He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where to take month unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary. Bro, you bro, you bro, you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to my boy yesterday for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing from a wise doctor. Why do you say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, like resolutions like structure you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do you not believe in that door? Obviously resolutions it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is how I first got started with the podcast and it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so incredibly easy so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work literally got distribute it to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading my first episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine place. If you guys want to get started making a podcast or have an amazing idea download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys. I am so excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this is your everyday positivity on Vale. I was scrolling through Facebook the other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder song as the best song on the planet. Can you can you can you beat it? And all it did for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, first of all when you come up with a song lyric like that, you've got to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in need of Love Today and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and I love sitting and listening to it the message on it. Is that is that is that Love's in Need of Love today? We need we need we need to give the love back to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle and I wanted to get you to consider that you can apply this to lots of things in your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the paper Outpost the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my gosh, we are actually making books and when you think about this, this is really a mind-blowing event because we don't teach this in school to people but this is really one of those life skills that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better off if they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly. My parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making those books. We need we need we need more books in the world. All our books are disappearing and it's all going digital and we just don't have much of a record anymore with everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up with. There's no money to put into it. So you're just doing it and if it works out great, you keep doing it at no cost but there was no money out of your pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to go with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will gE will gE will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. I have not found that any other podcast Creator and it's really everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't you won't you won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked to an interesting person at a bit of pop culture was important when they were young Our Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I wanted I wanted I wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, welcome to the show. Thanks for watching. I'm really I'm really I'm really glad you think I'm interesting like Seriously start with a compliment their jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in real life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it was super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, so yes, so yes, I'm going to talk about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money. But not but not but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology love Theology love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people as I travel the world helping. Some VIP. So this is our time for us to be together and for me to answer your questions. So here we go dear Lynn. I have I have I have been in a committed relationship for 15 years. We talked about marriage. He's actually he's actually he's actually more vocal about it than I am but it's a little frustrating when I see others getting married and starting their families. I promise I am genuinely happy for them. But I'm but I'm but I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor five of the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is Jeff Wilson by day. I invest in tech companies and at night I invest in sports car. Please. Join me on my journey to profit from the hobby we all love. Hello boards guard investors and welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have some cards to tell you about today? The sports the sports the sports card Market is on fire and there are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't I can't I can't wait to tell you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My name my name my name is Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We have a wonderful guest on the episode today to talk all things Orlando city. And of and of and of course all things RSL about the game that we just witnessed. We have Adam. How you doing today? Adam? I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday. I should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of host how to do it in general when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so much so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting started podcasting started podcasting few days ago and you must try this. If you if you if you are looking at doing a podcast yourself, why don't you try it, you know as for me I can always say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how hey, how hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget the choreography and I don't even think about it being a workout. I just listened to the songs and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in the shower when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work out. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or lyrics or stand out all these musical landmarks will come up and you don't know what that's going to be or when it will be but it just happens after you listen to it for a while and then when you actually then go right let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and you teach your already naturally in the music. So those so those so those little moments that your son or little hit movement or shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around issues related to pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can restore Health to our soil our environment our bodies and the rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's in hell. I thought I thought I thought we should start by digging into the farm crisis of the 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated. That's transparent and what its cost both farmers and consumers and there's no one better to address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been a farmer a soldier and attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri Senate before serving a term as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to just tell you a little bit about anchor it's the app that I use to record my podcasts. I absolutely love it. It's completely free. There. Are these are these are these really awesome creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor distribute your podcast for you. So you can hear it on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make money from your podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just really everything that you need to make a podcast in one place. So I find it really useful and accessible and really helpful. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for the next 30 minutes. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your host Rick Hughes. Good morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your host Rick Hughes and for the next few minutes. You have you have you have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes of motivation some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some teaching from the word of God that will help you verify and identify the plan of God for your life if you'd like to know that and if you want to orient and just to the plan then you can do so you have freedom and privacy to do that. But remember but remember but remember that God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a there's a there's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology love Theology love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin and we hear talk about something that is kind of alien to me. I am not very I'm very informed on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen tell me something. Have you watched Pokmon? Yes here on there. Yes, you washed Beyblade. Yes, and it was a culture. Where back where? I when I when I when I when we grew up so we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 let it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic moment. Yes, I yes, I yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids. They just don't realize it. So it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and Doraemon Shin-chan Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was beyblade was beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from modern-day disciples. My name my name my name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister at st. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name is Ana Fuentes. I'm the I'm the I'm the youth Minister as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance. I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode for you today. It's very special. We we haven't posted in like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure. Butts were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition of the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't have a guest this week, but we're going to talk all things lent. We're going to do some things that are a little different from what we usually do on a podcast and it switch it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode of you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual principles and ground them in modern science. My name my name my name is Chris Gardner. My name is Kevin Clarke. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side of successful with easy to understand scientific research. So you can walk away with practical tools to create radical transformations in your life. Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having a new guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who is a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens to be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun episode. Oh, yeah. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the topic of forgiveness. Do you do you do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made jeff made jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, we're live. How's everybody going after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks give thanks give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop just stop just stop doing bad shit. It's incredible it's incredible it's incredible and they need to start training your dog. Hey, guys, how are you? Chef Kelvin chef Kelvin chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in this is the what would you have to show when you do a one-hour show today? It's because I'm still sick and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean on my feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's so that's so that's wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so yep, so yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for estheticians. And those who seek to learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective. We're diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys in separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to the treatment room. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess and I am here with Lauren today. So we so we so we have gathered a few questions. We would love to answer for you guys so we can ensure we're answering the questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So today we are going to be having a very special guest on which is Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not the first my daughter Carly will be on later on talking to us today because we have stumbled. On this on this on this article that I received through a Facebook message and this article was on America's kids belong and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to episode 36 36. Yes. What makes you podcast? This episode were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and the video as well as the falling music video which came out today as we're recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're just gonna talk about nylon Harry because that's our favorite thing to do and we have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians that I think are doing really cool things right now and ask them questions about all the really cool things. They're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen to the music that we do welcome back to we live in a music Society. I am so so excited for this episode. So I'm going to get to call one of my favorite musicians. He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello and hello and hello and welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I'm joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman and Roger has the floor. Best day for Holiday to be during the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day weekend is an inferior option to just having a random holiday in the middle of the week for Roger at the government. The government has thrusted all of our holidays on to Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about starting your very own podcast? What now? You can with this really cool app called anchor FM best part of this app is that it's totally free. There's a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need in a podcast in one place. So make sure you guys check it out because anchor FM is what type in hat. Get ready, get ready, get ready, you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagram.com. / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on Twitter by at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a black suit with the green and gold that is a dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that was circulating not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll be seeing a kid Loki as well as both a child and Lady versions of loci or straight out of the comics. In fact, he's changed his form quite a few times after being brought back to them dead. And it looks like we're getting at least two versions so will be fun to see what else we might see in the upcoming Loki. Are you excited about the upcoming series? Let us know what you'd like to see in the comments and be sure to hit that like button and subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over to Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here on the popcorn talk and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little circles with your brush around each to the ring. It's heroines it's heroines it's heroines week where every day we talk about heroic women who changed history tonight. We have the story of the warrior Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was part of the royal family that ruled over the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti the Ashanti the Ashanti people had many riches but there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to the valley. Yo, what's up with your boy Anthony? It's going on and show Paul took one sec. Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its Eli and Welcome to our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying to get it started the podcast came about with just an idea one night and decided that fuck it. We'll give we'll give we'll give it a shot and now here we are. So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every weekend, but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our group you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community huge shout out to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm already over night. Yes. We're basically famous. Right? Well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's but there's but there's there's Matthew McConaughey and then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders. It's a cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want to listen to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today and True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in True Crime. On Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We are we are we are back with back baby after a lengthy break there by eight about two minutes. We've been going to be a Christmas break. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get one back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know. I'm gonna be completely honest with you. We promote we promote we promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we felt a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which is what we all wanted by the end of it. I think my jock lighter is in danger. He dies. I die. Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy day podcast what is going on? I need I need I need a fam we're back for another day another week some more than 90 so welcome back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes and episode like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell you really Sonu. I know and I know there's some I love okay so off the top as usual Betsy has given Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the news news, I got some things on the top. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live with. Hope in Jesus. Second Corinthians Chapter 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is being renewed day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things that are seeing but to the things that are unseen for the things that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want I want I want to tell you about something that I like. It's anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, it can make you money. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have been completely made on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would download a podcast. This one's huge. You don't need a minimum listenership in order to Make money from your podcast anger will sell the ads for you you record the ones that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you've always wanted to start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you do download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode on episode on episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the where the where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All right, this is free. Okay, first and foremost, not only that but their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an I'm an I'm an anchor acres are really cool tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to help make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you to make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything that you need to make a podcast all in one place. So if you're interested in doing something like this, you know, go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to Started and and with that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA Galaxy. I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right here. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, so what up? What up? And Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like them. Anyway, when anyway, when anyway, when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on top and Blake all good. So today we are recording the first episode of the podcast that we've been talking about recording for at least two or three months. He has smelt a long story short may not going to be in touch for a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help a few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into action. And if and if and if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct of our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is a very valuable form to do. So, so first of all, we're just going to basically introduce ourselves so you can get to know us that more about who you actually listened to and then down the line move very much want to delve into some of those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower here. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We find lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call them modern-day Parables. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or some high quality water and join us for this week's episode. Us Odes us Odes us Odes our stories are shared mostly by Casey and some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're part of our family. Now, you're now, you're now, you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our family now, right? Hi KC hi KC hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes. Hello. I have I have I have two questions that I'm pretty much already know the answer to but I'm going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better than to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it just to hear it. Sometimes they call it your name and my thoughts. Do you ever hear me every time? Now that's funny you got in it that far. My question my question my question was sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of Optimal Health daily. It's another it's another it's another Q&A edition of Optimal Health daily episode 950 and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show. Welcome back to another special Friday edition of Optimal Health daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, I have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my coach because I had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting and how hard it can be sometimes and I realized I had allowed myself to fall into this pattern of just beating myself up in a really unhelpful. A way, which I know better than to do but I just kind of got caught in a loop and it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me so very profound and the shift that it has created since then has been so powerful that he just knew that I had to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm Parker link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies and brainstorming title ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy too. As we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have some kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along with us with we got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what we're rocking as the beverage of the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually we usually we usually watch a Lego Masters on this night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Masters. So background on Lego Masters, it was we watching the Super Bowl. It was the Chief versus the And this one might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart they're smart they're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader. Nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bank and for cheating the Singapore exchange. He would subsequently be remembered as the man who single-handedly caused the collapse of one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't have time to study for boards, but you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr. Bradley is here to help on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor at a Medical University covers one to two board relevant microorganisms each day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover all the important facts for an infectious agent and at least one original board style question for the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart my heart my heart was like it's scary but you need to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm your hearts Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life coach and I hope women to harness the power of their period and connected FM has blood in this episode. We'll be we'll be we'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and drink bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the shit that people are thinking cook too afraid to say so if you didn't already see basically I had to leave my apartment in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but basically what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and then they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only one that is allowed to talk and that's why I do stand-up. Yeah. I had a first exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she just like got right and did not try to get to know me at all was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got 48 minutes. Let's do this. Okay, there okay, there okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly. Yes got right down to business and I was like, I don't know. I guess I guess I guess I feel like I always need to be in control and she's like, is that what you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess so, I don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk let's talk let's talk and learn about God's word life purpose values and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply on things that matter most this way. We can we can we can experience a life full of meaning and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really I really I really actually want you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast form. So please so please so please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and just put hashtag garyvee podcast with the W in there as well so I can see your feedback on weekly B7. Please hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you like listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience everybody really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's put in your phone numbers. We're going to call somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your question and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super handsome wildly accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes right? I think so. I don't I don't I don't want to just let it sit here if I'm not using it, but what's happening today why I'm talking to you today is because it's warm out. I think it's in the 50s to me. This is this is this is warm when outside was still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with me as most New Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking out the trash. Too warm too warm too warm All right. Someone's actually letting me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got almost got almost got killed by someone before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was too hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm if I'm if I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money comes into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than I feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like if it's let's just say like I was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why I don't know how to put that stupid. Why do I feel that way? Why because you're comparing yourself to the lifestyle of people that are way outside of our means. Yeah. Welcome to the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz love and I am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this is Clem and this is gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how it goes. It's been a long time coming. We've been saying we're going to do it for a while now, but now we're starting so Gary if you want to say the thing the thing is is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get into this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks of it all it's going to be a long and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying to figure it out. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you but you but you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, move it down to Denver here soon. So excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but I would always date white guys until me until I'm at hartge until you saw this all of this and I gave all of my family a sigh of relief. What's up RG Jazz. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, I woke up super early got a lot of work done one for a walk worked out did some fun stuff and now we're filming the podcast. I woke up late. I like what am I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I just been sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you doing today? - oh for sure. You know how we were talking. Am I meeting right now? I just got home from the gym. So I so I so I apologize for any background noises munching on some food. So I had to clear my throat kind of getting over sickness at the Miller. But yeah, okay. So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people so people so people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must you must you must be so tech-savvy how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and I crack up because I am not tech savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I highly recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a podcast just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that anchor ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast to welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good sign with me your host honest him in Tove. Thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode. I am I am I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't we thought of a name yet? I was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last name kind of lame. But but then I was told that people may think that breakfast at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you know, the actual restaurant program, so I might do breakfast with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how we doing? How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help kind of supplement my thoughts that I have on other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat Facebook Instagram. What have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy let's copy let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick coffee and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine. We tape here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, but also is also a co-working space where people can come and even record here. We have a number of people who record here as well. Now if you are enjoying the content, Not that we're putting out whether it be about four games or let's coffee, which is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like this video click the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a lot. If you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, please also do leave a comment if you can we would love to hear from you, but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you own a business or have you been thinking about starting one? If so, we're excited to share our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful entrepreneurs are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's www.soffc.org forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want I want I want to stop being so nervous. Hi. I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me let me let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over for over for over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's fabled treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller the youngest son of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on a catamaran off the southwestern coast of what is now New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim to shore, but he was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to an uncertain fate. These all have one thing in common, they're gone, but we're looking for them. And now we're working twice as hard as gone is now a weekly show in addition to our regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am your host pain Rosales and thank you for joining me again on an episode of Inside the Mind the show where we interview local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger acts in the future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a local band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? My name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig it. Yeah, what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life is not that easy. You need to keep her Smiles on but whether in your bed more targeted a good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just got done watching the 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena and man it was windy. It was super cold. We're going to get more into detail about that here soon. But first a beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our guests Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? Doing pretty good. How are you? Good good, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I thanks for having me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is the podcast. I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's so it's so it's really cool. Nice little nice little nice little full-circle moment for the three of us to finally be able to do this and on such a such a high note. Note. So for those of you listening at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll both be playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports basketball so Connor, why don't you just tell us a little bit about growing up and playing for the blues with Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it back on my first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to listen to you taking the time to listen to me. And so I am grateful and I do not take the opportunity lightly. This podcast is actually airing a year to the day after a really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was in a hard place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it really took that moment to Humble me and for me to take a few steps back and really realize what are the gifts that God has given me what has God given me to impact to make an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this passion for politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's so here's so here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for you. So it could be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the anchor app. For your for your for your phone or go to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, howdy there internet people let's bow again. So tonight we're going to talk about President Reagan fear love and a science-fiction cliche. There's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am joined by Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David you have before. I know I know I know that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason but what this country needs is a king. Oh my oh my oh my God now listen. Listen, I'm listen, I'm listen, I'm not saying we need a monarch with absolute power. I'm not saying we need to go to some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system. But look at England right now how much better would our political discourse be if we would just elect the king for every like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king. But we have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime minister is actually making the decision, right? So he's so he's so he's have a guy who's a guy or a gal whose job is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and set off. The first the first the first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you if you if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download so download so download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal what scans to watch out for and much more here's your host and one of the foremost Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain it's free. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast in one place. You start you start you start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome to our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called. Was it good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in Victoria BC our theme song that you just heard is by a local. Band named band named band named Elvis freshly you can check out their new release. Y'all ain't y'all ain't y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th. Our theme our theme our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place I can't tell you how easy it was for me to start my podcast and get it up and running. Thanks to Anchor with a couple clicks of the button. I had my podcast out ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from my computer. It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a better place to start a podcast for a beginner for a pro. It doesn't matter again. So download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started again download the app today. It's free, or you can go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit of an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose here. Thought I'd give you a bit of a rundown of what this podcast is going to be about. Each week and give you a chance to subscribe and get yourself set up for the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher about seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening to everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I thought why don't I give you my thoughts and try and give you some tips and tactics to players who might be just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs and you're listening to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management follow him on Twitter at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where you can record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can find the Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast platforms Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for this thing to get launching. So hey, so hey, so hey, if we have not met, my name is Adam Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb. We are a fitness based community in North Spokane that does coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to go. So here we go with episode. I want to talk a little bit about why we're doing this and what to expect and who it's for. So let's get right into it. The why honestly it's because one of our values that we've always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half years old is to always be improving. So I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am I am I am your host Sam and this is urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities a podcast about urban legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as well. Hey guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and I'm your host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow it on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes out, you know? Yeah, just yeah, just yeah, just saying, I'm not gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept I kept I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina to talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world that are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly this week in American markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys are gonna like it quick one always bullish bullish as always with our good friend Tina. This episode this episode this episode is brought to you by the cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a friend reach out to me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday. He was like, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you told me download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said. It's the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He had to be refreshed his memory had to be refreshed yesterday did a little video on my cell phone showing them how to buy Bitcoin. I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how to Hardscape podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business and on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we are releasing an episode about marketing. We're going to be covering SEO for landscapers starting a an SEO optimized website for your business and what you need to do to be able to track and Target keywords to show up as a Top of search engine results. So without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into creating a website. That is that is that is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something that I've been working on for the past 5 years at least now with creating websites and how two hearts keep was the next one in a series of websites that I've created and it's it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really I really I really do want to talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will admit. So if so if so if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast apodcast apodcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Hey guys, welcome back to the podcast is the boys again. We got been your host Ethan Patrick. And of course me. We're all the hosts. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so good and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that let you record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor distributes your podcast everywhere to Spotify Apple podcasts and many many more. So if so if so if you're looking to start your own podcast look no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today. Oh my God. Oh my God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain my West Coast time. So I thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? It's it's Colton Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, this is a podcast where we just talk about things that are kind of cool to us or relevant. What's on the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to thank you all. Listening and how much we appreciate it. We've gotten up to around 70 listeners. So it was pretty crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai nahi Hai nahi Hai Zindagi Ki Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake make the honey covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental yields in Parnell. Now, you now, you now, you might be wondering why are we talking about Parnell given that which is an affluent suburb in Auckland given that it is probably not likely an investor suburb or a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a couple of weeks ago. I got the call-up from Westpac one of the large banks in New Zealand and they said can you comment on an article that we're writing for our website where they were showing by the latest core logic data that the the median gross rental yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas a one-bedroom apartment and Parnell the gross yield for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky Ward where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank you thank you thank you for joining us for our first ever episode of doing quarterly podcast. And this week. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, so we thought it'd be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Amy what could stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so I know in a moment you're going to be talking about a really huge piece of news that was covered in the media last week. So I so I so I thought it might be nice for me to start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people haven't necessarily heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across an article about hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of that stuff. I am I am I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to me. Let me let me let me know how you liked this show and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon with Slayer you're watching top 10 internet. And in and in and in the video today. We're looking at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different most of us go through life and not knowing who we are or what we want to do at least until a few decades in we go through many false starts and travel through many dead and paths until we find the one that's truly right for us many companies are the same often times the most successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're if you're if you're listening to our podcast on able podcasts. Could you please take a minute and give us a five star rating? This would this would this would really help us to move forward. Hello everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we are the hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March the 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this is the unique time when you can see Rory and myself our pretty faces and Rory will be doing a full ayats speaking test. He'll crack he'll crack he'll crack jokes on his feet. So no preparation whatsoever. It'll be fun. So please so please so please do join in we do need everyone to join in. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart. And today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and Jenna ushkowitz you might remember them from a little show called Glee or from their current phenomenal hit podcast showmance. We are going to be talking about being in our 30s or newly 30 learning how to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about cupping enjoy you guys. I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but I feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to this was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here for 30 minutes. I said I said I said to all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing I hate more than when you show up to somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight say thank you. Jesus lift jesus lift jesus lift your hands and bless the Lord for his goodness and mercy in your life. What a what a what a God we have to worship. What a son we have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may you may you may be seated in his presence. I'm not sure if you are aware of what is on our Facebook page official Facebook page. There's a message for you from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says he says he says you should get ready. For the for the for the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Starts Now. What's going on guys? Welcome to all business bodybuilding. My name is Luke. I'm here with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it going guys? I'm doing good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome to the Riverdale after show. What a crazy episode that is what are some good stuff to talk about tonight. And so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged 30 drama mystery. There's so much going on. It's Tony's are up to their normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some of the other little things at the end and then of course at the end. And we'll be doing our class clown class president. So if you guys have a class clown class present for this episode, please start sending them in in the live chat. I am Katie. I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please so please so please join me in the chat if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut you as you guys as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So first off what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we kick this episode off. I want to take a second to talk about Brandon bills. They gave us a great opportunity. And honestly, we could have done it without you guys. So thanks for everything and like my new front tooth. We also have a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into this episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix it? Hi guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from ACC media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and athlete Gemma route joining us and we going to talk about All Things New Zealand CrossFit and how they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So welcome guys Luke. I might start with you if that's okay. We've been chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about you guys. Me across me across me across to cover this event. Tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, so I was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then I then I then I moved over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me let me let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each episode. We are we are we are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn tools that you can apply to your life to provide hope and help for you or a loved one with BPD. I have I have I have been working as a licensed professional counselor and nutrition and mindset coach for many years. I am the CBO of an online counseling and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful couples and disconnected families navigate through tough times. I love the work that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are we are we are from Tata Institute of social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch go to the podcast where we plan to discuss issues in and around our campus from current social concerns to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also plan on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch. Wide range of topics we have something for our listeners as well. We will be having fun contest for our listeners as well as a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope you're well today. Do you do you do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I had a moment this week with my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really good at that and then someone asks you a question and you go always like that. I think I'm good at that or the time actually good at that so I have been challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through those challenges. It feels uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around your heart and you your instinct says right. I need to move away from this. I don't want to go there t harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life gets easy when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about doing the hard stuff. So something is really challenging you at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super I'm super I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I said last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments people are kind of like sit down like TV watching style throwing it on the smart TVs and things that nature. I'm super flattered super excited about it. This weekly this weekly this weekly be a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, then there's a really epic. A meeting ameeting ameeting I had with the Minnesota rocker. That is the team that I own in the Call of Duty League the minority owner along with the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about business and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some there's some there's some Vayner Sports Action at the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did with an incredibly credibly fresh fashion brand called mad happy that's in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got we got we got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good at procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted to make this podcast forever ago. And finally I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is it is it is free totally free. Its creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more platforms you can make money from your podcast right away with no minimum listenership guys. It's that good. Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place, please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, welcome back to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and hi and hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host me to me. If you if you if you follow me on Instagram at knowing better doing better. Then you then you then you will know that I post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God. And that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking at real life scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using and speaking very specific scriptures that we can use in those challenges. My heart behind this is that as we go through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but we will our mindset that we would go through it will be different. I am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's the big man? I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected of mind has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off social media. What's their apart? You're going you're going you're going straight into it. It's a whole bunch of things. But I think for me the most important thing is just to like get focused packable and I thought in the beginning I thought I'll take it back. But then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat your because life has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend I spend I spend the weekend there to do a keynote talk also was a part of a panel and yeah had a good time in general so good to be back right now and let's start off with a brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman and he says it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the second I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records. But yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give you a quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to make the podcast tonight. I was stuck in Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, but there was a boot on my car because if you've ever watched a any Parking Wars, they're not operating on Sundays. So I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I just got free this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So like I said, I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a have a have a good time guys and man. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative podcasters out there. Anchor makes anchor makes anchor makes it easier than ever to make a podcast. It's free to use and has all the creation tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you connect with sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the perfect choice for podcasters. So make sure to check it out download the free anchor a poor. Go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. That's a that's a that's a and C hor dot f m-- back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees Rocks. They were that dude is no I didn't see them. I saw him do a feature on a cutting ties song. He's the he's the he's the best frontman. He was so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw like it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his yeah, his yeah, his like stage presence is fucking Amazing. Yeah, like wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just always like people you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was like have like a sin a coat on and like the first note of the first song He's already got the mic out of the mics and it has got the mic stand up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content. There's over there's over there's over tick like you can listen to me once a day for 10 straight years and not have to pay nothing. But guess what happened in those 10 years Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he went to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went to the pros and told the coach. I got I got I got to speak after all these kids in the hood who didn't have fathers. I became their father on Instagram. So when they went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the NFL. They took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start a church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been to the station. The senior the last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on sensor with Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today. Got a special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and I really mean that from the bottom of my heart and I can't say thank you enough on today's episode. We're joined by former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to go to go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of best job ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick read narrated by Jim D Johnston introduction when people ask you what you do for a living do you joyfully say I have the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd be best so ahead of my time. You can't you can't you can't see me yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me be stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's nice to be back again. It is it is it is coming up on spring time and I'm excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like to say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm every now and then and there's some big changes that are coming up for me. I can't quite sure. I mean I mean I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, you'll understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, but I'm definitely making a little change. I would say little I guess but pretty big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those for those for those of you who have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Keegan Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of working in the field of adult development. And if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening to this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview of the 5 stage model that he created and that has been studied empirically for the last 40 years. And the and the and the reason why I wanted to talk to Bob Keegan isn't just because you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for you. And today I want to talk about something called as Legacy. Now. What do we mean by Legacy? Now? What I know for sure is that people like us, you know, when I say us I mean all of us medicos, I mean people like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting for something which is a tough profession. We all had our you know, older brother or brother's friend or a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go home. We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode was insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll see her back next week and I'm here with my lovely co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot of things are up on this episode of Siesta Key up and down up and down literally honestly, okay. So who so many things happened on this episode that we need to unravel, but this episode opened up with ish and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is back in town. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go out to Canada for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is that? You need me to help you relax. Hmm I always kept telling you you have to really focus on. Not trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's good to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when merits are accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful to welcome you to another episode of the real you a podcast about finding your true self for strengthening your mind taking care of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your spirit. My name is Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the real you. And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be helping each other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power of why why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just I just I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host Simon Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on YouTube. If you if you if you want to go look it up there and see the video version of these you can do that. If you're if you're if you're enjoying this show. Please do head over to Apple podcasts or ever you get your podcasts and leave us a review. It would be kind of you and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the mafia in America organized crime has become almost synonymous with the mafia. Thanks to thanks to thanks to a combination of Pop Culture a few standout celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise the best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are they are they are far from the only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue of the other person. Welcome to the university Catholic. Welcome back welcome back welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the kind of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality and last week we talked about it. Chastity and this week we're talking about friendships and next week. We're talking we're talking we're talking about a surprise. But before we get into all that Kylie, I believe you have a joke for us, right? That's the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain of salt nutrition podcast with your host me Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for tuning in in today's episode. I want to mainly jump into the who what why when and how of this podcast. So before you decide to listen to me, let me at least help you understand who I am. I've been an RD for about 5 years now. I've worked in many different places. I started off at a nursing home from there. I was I was I was able to go into a clinic Uncle setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to the Private Practice World, which is really where I wanted to be I was able to sit with people for longer periods of time we set realistic goals, we had follow-ups and we were able to see each other for a bit more than five or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze in a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients the patients the patients are really tired at this point because they've been here for a while and then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's over. This is this is this is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host a one of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let you guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host and one of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the other co-host. Matthew couldn't make it so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here buddy one just four of us. Yes could yes could yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and hi and hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about why reading and friendship matter for women and how to make space in our lives for it. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and founder of well-read mom. My passion is to help women read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and Nicole co-directors of well-read Mom. Thank you thank you thank you so much for joining us on today's podcast. We're excited to delve into some of the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders asked so we'll get started right away. The first the first the first question that came from our members this year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand the membership terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your hosts Pooja and bhavana. We're both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best friends and although we share a lot of experiences. We still have our own take on every situation and we're here coming at you live from poojas basement. We're not live. Okay. We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door. Reflect on these situations with you. We hope you enjoy this episode of tv and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey everyone. Happy March happy March happy March Welcome to our third episode of PB and chill in this episode. We are we are we are going to be talking about the necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do this particular episode is because I had a dream I literally had a had a dream where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first episode in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who love them to better understand the complexities that drive us the gifts and the challenges the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a multicultural Ministry focused and complicated environment. Ain't there ain't there ain't there was a time when I wasn't aware of the differences that came from growing up between worlds and of the push and pull of the happy and the hard then I went to a school for missionaries kids in Germany when I was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not just in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of and of and of course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. And in today's video. I'm going to be talking to you about am I dating an avoidant? Okay, so I know there are lots of new people that discover my channel every day and every week and so the information can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee of the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just filmed one podcast with one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from taking from taking sides from Simply on purpose - we should ever on this podcast. So that's going to be on big little life right now. We have all of your emails. We're just going to go through them answer them with our heart. I'm really trying to answer these well for you guys down and I are just two normal people. Or and or and or and we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you what we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would hope that we would do and will also tell you what we have done which was probably what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined with some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and books and all that good stuff. So without further Ado, let's get started by do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand new episode next week. But if you need something to tide you over until then there's another show that I think you'll really like. It's called it's called it's called love letters and it's one of my favorite podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice columnist for the Boston Globe on every episode of the show Meredith asked a complicated question about relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling with the same question in the episode? You're about you're about you're about to hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom trying to figure out how to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's dating if you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects strategies at ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering FX topics in ocbc insights on a regular basis. Now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot escape from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round to hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the after the after the covid-19 situation spread Beyond China into different parts of the world. If you look at our effect sentiment index it now stands at extreme risk of level and three interesting things about how risk sentiment has evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're if you're if you're tuning in and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means I'm getting out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the fifth. So I look forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going to be my home gym ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the streets to kind of group grew up a lot about them, but I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's episode 1 so let's get this together and do it. All right, if you're listening, thank you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G show number one episode one starring season one starring German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm just fucking a guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your host and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your I'm your I'm your favorite meme stir. Let's be real what a joke. Look listen, look listen, look listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk let's talk let's talk about funny. It's let's talk to the best in the industry. Let's ask let's ask let's ask him some stuff. See what see what see what makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today. Today's gas is going to take you back to school. So take so take so take out a pen and paper take some notes because I had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door solar Savage. Fellas and ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with her. Short story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a self-loathing woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to decisions that I didn't make because of my fear was all because of this 18 months of my life. Welcome everyone. My name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in to the finding perspective podcast where we share stories and get into deep conversation with the intent of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of course New Perspectives. So today so today so today I have a very special guest with me. Her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for thanks for thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed by podcast participants are solely their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on this podcast or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential. Pets and listeners are reminded that managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative Investments are complex and carry a risk of substantial losses as such they are not suitable for all investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we dive into what makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund managers and chat with interesting guests from across the investment World. Alpha is alpha is alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is it is it is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the past Chief Operating Officer of Haven and chief strategy officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and others across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have Jack join us today. Jacques is a senior operating leader with over two decades of experience applying technology data science people and design thinking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have you have you have had an impressive career transfer me healthcare companies. Can you can you can you give us a brief summary of your career path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's well, it's well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great it's great it's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is a safe space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and encourage Rita join me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold and freedom with Adrian Dwight that so this podcast will be all about all kinds of love. The love the love the love we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we have for friends and the love we have for a significant other and all the things that could mean love for anyone. So let's so let's so let's not forget anything from dogs parents families friends, whatever. We want love to be and you would also be talking about any kind of growth for me a career to a physical state to your Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry speech was tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either an anglo-french or Italian term. ERM translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance are impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a point of Paramount significance. However, both tantamount and Paramount can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to have some chat members on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is e versus Romero. It's going down soon. You know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got a couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves real quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on. It's a Garret everything UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful. Hey, this is early stoppage MMA AKA Jack AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you for showing up today, sir. Thank you thank you thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what was the first task you remember because of the heart of it is to test their daring and their bravery. They're not going to get a chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is one of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke up on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is what is what is up guys? This is this is this is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I made a post the other day about the you know, I even made a podcast it was probably one or two podcast back now from here maybe but about you know, your gym not being the best our today, you know, I think it should be more of a pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post and I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, obviously you can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this Rob he owns a gym. I believe I believe I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize Rob if I'm fucking that up. You know, he shot me a DM and you just like bro. I don't I don't agree. I think I think I think this argument is pointless. I don't I don't I don't get it. You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree with it which was but he reached out to me and show me a DM and I do what I typically do when I hit him with an audio message and explain my position and you know next thing, you know, we're back and forth with a few audio messages and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today. You're going to find him. I believe in you at Sea find your father and we'll be a family again. All right. Close your eyes and reach. Who am who am who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating your own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor anchor is your One Stop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It also it also it also distributes your podcast to most major podcast platforms. And finally, it gives you an opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if podcast or something you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So been a couple days since I did my last podcast as well as my last, you know update on this kind of coronavirus and all the things kind of surrounding that that's you know, this this this podcast this YouTube channel could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central and it has been that way since you know, January 21st, when I kind of first started talking about it and so and for good reason obviously, I think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode today's episode today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and to promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off your entire order use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out the link in the show notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this Lent we can't recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your own pace and you can find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and 19. Total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is the easiest way to make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, it's free second of all, there is a creation tool that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you can easily make money with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one place. Thank you. I've always been sure capitalists get their money for any small business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized and raise the funds many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch even one episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have nobody on this podcast and there's a good reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that is because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and I'm in the middle of a hotel because I also started a new job last week. And yeah, it's all decided to come at once. But the reason I actually chose to do this podcast and do this by myself is because it's something that I want to talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once to a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my hello, my hello, my name is Finola and welcome to the language assistance podcast this episode. We'll explore gender equality and balance in regards to our program and Beyond today. I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are all British Council colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments. We are all linked to the language assistance program through previously taking part as an assistant or currently working on the team. So to start with can you all introduce yourselves where your base and what team you are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey there, I'm Kina. I'm based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if world is supported by our sponsors and by listeners like you on patreon? Folks at home. I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on anchor which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and tons of other places and when you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor Make it easy with minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your host Danny Lopez for the on the gun line podcast and you're listening to the midweek memo for March for 2020. I'm dropping the kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked up this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night last night and this morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have enough time to do it in the morning. Like I used to kind of ran out of time. So now so now so now I'm doing it on my motherfucking lunch break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night and I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going to be talking about 2/3 Capital maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an existing property you buy it today and then in 10 years it requires a new row for Is significant expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant expense or rewiring the house and we know that this happens it's not something we necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs to happen if every couple of months, so I not months every couple of decades and this is actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it is nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that is not on account of laziness that is actually on account of the fact that I have been working really really hard today been editing some stuff right now sweet bear and I we are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down here to meet. Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good friends. It's her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most of Thursday and some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on a Wednesday. And so today was like my big day to kind of get ahead on everything so that I can unplug a little bit and be fully present with sweet bear and our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think I think I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making for years. I have truly wanted to do this. God has put it down in my spirit to do it. But to but to but to be completely honest with you. I allow I allow I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four key areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships. And of course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to be talking about soul mates. So some of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of you don't some of you guys have this idea of like a twin flame some of you don't but today we're going to look at soul mates and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast this episode number 29 and this episode we're going to do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then we're going to do a little bit of challenging our view on luck. So I hope you guys are doing well. Hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are just moments before coming into my garage to record this for y'all. I was I was I was out in the sun just baking in it. Just loving it. Feels so good and it's actually kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So I'm so I'm so I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best right after the winter time. Right? Like right when you've endured like those freezing cold days freezing cold snow ice hail winds you're out doing those runs. They're just miserable and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course you do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own horror podcast, whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into the world. There's a new all-in-one platform for you. It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast and it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better Anchor will Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on Apple or Spotify or everywhere else. You can find podcasts. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So what are you waiting for download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and buckle up because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't always pretty welcome to the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Smith. Today. We're going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden and how the other Dem candidates are falling in line because they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that we talk about the significance of the Boogaloo. And for the third segment, we're going to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians all just lost to no preference shocking. By the way. There's ever anything that you want to hear on an episode of break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam. How are you? All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so far. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's been a good day. I'm recording I'm recording I'm recording this from Hawaii. But actually but actually but actually I'm going to schedule this episode. So I'll record it and then I'll save it to come out later because I will be traveling back to Japan. So yeah, if you were listening before then you'll remember that that I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still am when I'm recording this and yet going back to Japan. So this so this so this one will you'll be listening to this while I'll be probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest and environment trees trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one just one just one request someone treat and so on Essentials biodiversity. Those are what some people think about Forest, but do we really know about it? You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and get your hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph. When we when we when we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by looking at the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true stories real life experience and communities we aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were all together in one place suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues as the spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it really took me by surprise when I found out that they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, like I always thought that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I wonder exactly me. Amantha. We pull up beside you. I'm fucking ready for it. Dude. I'm in Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls amount of times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along with that shit and guess what? I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben it was french fries. They are they are they are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and I don't appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to the UPC. I youth I youth I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is it is it is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your remember your remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th entitled the blessing of submission today will be reading from number 17 verses 8 through 10. Then Moses then Moses then Moses sent to Cora here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that the god of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you did you did you know the average Americans behind on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save and invest enough to become financially independent. I'm here I'm here I'm here to show you through my own experience exactly how you can get on the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or before the age of 65 from age 90. In 228 Kayla and I have been married for nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined with no student loan debt and have taken our household income from zero to over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars a year. We both want to invite you to fire the family.com where we have free tools and resources that you can use to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The creative agency accounting Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising media publishing technology education and more the ideation process can be a little bit of a black box to those of us who aren't designated creatives in organizations. We hope these conversations can shed some light on that as work becomes more D industrialized and more service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative as part of our jobs. Our hope is that by talking to people who work daily with incorporate constraints and still managed to be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to tap into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can be your new welcome everybody to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy. You are you are you are of course listening in with the big man the force and I'm so glad to finally I feel like I tell you what, I feel like the flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel like I've caught the white whale and I finally got every in the in the podcast with us. So well, thank you. So good so good so good to finally have you alone? How many times should we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this so this so this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say that we need more voices in the church talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy one is to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great podcast hosting platform. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually make some money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and I'm having a good time doing these because my goal is to put the truth out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance to first timers or those who were in The Game of competing and or Fitness a better idea on how to handle things. And simply to make it an easier process for you. Today is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, but just laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as you enter a diet or if you are in the middle of a diet or even a contest prep and as the title says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first I'm first I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here I'm here I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me explain number one. It's free. It's free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go on there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can so can so can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's seriously, there's seriously, there's places my podcast is on. I've never heard of thanks. Anchor you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need to make a podcast in one place. I get asked a lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm telling you start that podcast with anchor download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started today. The following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for joining us. We can't wait to share the details of this wild episode with you. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, there's many things but one of the one of them that bothers me that the kids do would be standing or walking on the couch. There's six of us in this household and this couch is falling apart. You're supposed you're supposed you're supposed to sit on a couch not walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance on it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for sitting that's it. So when you catch them doing it because they know they're not supposed to but they just can't help themselves, but do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when you catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell I'll tell I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was I was I was by your boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we are near appreciate everybody for taking the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we shared everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out here trying to teach people knowledge and wake them up on the deception. You already know. No, we no, we no, we have a few subject we go get into today and talk about it discussion. You know, you know, you know, first we go talk about the so-called coronavirus one that they got right now with a pandemic on the whole wide world. Just not too long ago. I see a new strip came out from California. They so-called they so-called they so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called sister-in-law, which is a platform dedicated to empowering women through legal education. Thank you for joining me for the first ever episode of sisters and conversation. I have with me or a leotard ceiling Milo. She's a corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment and Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding she's abiding she's abiding social entrepreneur co-founder of the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your hosts. I'm Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going to be telling you about The Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso and let's Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our story in 1980. Dorothy is dorothy is dorothy is 32 and her son Sean is for Sean's father. Dennis is dennis is dennis is not in the picture and he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was dorothy was dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we ask all our guest speakers. So number one, what are three words that you would use to describe yourself three and I have to just narrow it down to three strategic organized and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us a dad joke I wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if I responded that way but here's my try. So why so why so why did the dad know that? His baby daughter would be a great marketer. Her first word was Data I tried. And what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that almost anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted I wanted I wanted to give you guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now and you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if you are a premium user you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of which let's see what we've got on The Ledger today. This is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and shame good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, 60-minute IP's, 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican favorite album for me would be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome to welcome to welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats the podcast I am your host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the table each week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor Marvin Reese posing the questions that really matter to Brazilians and the City of Bristol from transport to safety and housing to the harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot seat. My name my name my name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying media and journalism at you as well. And I'm in the second year. What is the impact of the withdrawal from the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what I understand from for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching I'm reaching I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm a I'm a I'm a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all about Hope and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing with you a conversation. I had with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were we were we were talking about relationships and when we're in relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand what we're going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we move on to some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we should talk about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? I'm Kate. I know you were I thought you want to tell us a bit about us. Oh, yeah, so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two days. Days, Friday days, Friday days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it was very successful and un conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they also our country Canada got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was very great at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was it was it was really good. Have you have you have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston. I also served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking we're talking we're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial titled oseltamivir for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has contributed several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you thank you thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast that I that I have. Um, I'm here with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you oh, you oh, you know, it was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I had to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask me to remember? We're about people's birthdays, you know, I Grew up with the kid whose dad his birthday was that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only like 14 or whatever. I literally I literally I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought wow could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the 28th or today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's it's really weird. I know. Do you know how leap year started? No, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey well, hey well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty good, man. I thought I thought I thought you were leaving for the night. I know I'd stick around a little bit. I know you did too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll guess we can use it like well as well we got a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, let's use that. Yeah, what's yeah, what's yeah, what's the name of this podcast again? Just the tea podcast just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like tea. Yeah, I like coffee. So it's that I'm a big tea. I don't like coffee that much. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey. Yeah. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think I think I think it's pretty good. What about you for coffee or tea or coffee for coffee? I truly I truly I truly like espresso espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you made this podcast if it's just called just the tea, why don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't know I do call coffee. I was like why not we can call it just the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, good morning, good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans is jam-packed with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic. Ders that people quote all the time and Romans chapter 1 is really no different and Romans 1 we're dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing with idolatry. We're dealing we're dealing we're dealing with the question of is the law of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at. No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock was there and I am also here we are three and one after a decisive victory over the Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened up looking like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I would agree. We all know about that line and how it moved over the past past few days before the game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself out of taking the dragons spread of the plus 11 and a half and I shouldn't have done that. You know, you know, you know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's nope, that's nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the nope. That's not that's not that's not what it says show. I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few episodes with you. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And we're talking mental health. This is something that we both have discussed often in our friendship as we talk about other crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt we felt we felt like it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health the culture of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something so something so something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session. It was computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened and we couldn't agree listen to it on the speakers on here. So we put it onto my laptop to see what it sounded like and there's these little better at things like clicks. Yeah, and so we don't know if this is recording actually has any so we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you still enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world where two boys talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't so don't so don't miss out on your chance of getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you just lack the tools and the tactics how to make your light shine bright enough to be hired. I am one of the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey. So I so I so I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast. I'm going to share with you what I've learned in 10 years of McKinsey and 10 years as a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience and my learnings go in here and once you've listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people are putting the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are they are they are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems to be our day where we really try to get our act together before the work week. It includes the kids because we really enjoy our time off on Saturdays and Sundays as a family and we just got a lotta things that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but Sunday, especially given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you do you do you have any homework what needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your get your get your clothes out clean your rooms. Let's start packing lunches. Etc it's etc it's etc it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get back to work and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this time because it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite. You guys can't even wait to go back and like know I hate school. I don't think they really do like I think they like to see their friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the definite article in this video. Now. If you guys did not watch my other video about the indefinite articles, you can always go back and watch that video as well in English. We have three articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian. I want to say Japanese that do not have any. Any articles at all. So sometimes so sometimes so sometimes English articles are very confusing and then there are languages like German that has I think three different kinds not just like articles but kinds and for myself as an English speaker, that seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard about anchor. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. We use it for casual poor and we absolutely love love love it. Love it Robert tell the people I anchor so great one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you can only record and edit your podcast or you can upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll also distribute your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will be short and on top of that you can even make money off of this app. So it's free and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to get started. Just go to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome to the summer house after show we're looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I am your girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot to cover tonight? Lots of lots of lots of relationship stuff. Lots of new Jordan stuff to talk about and we're just gonna go straight through and talk about all the relationships and I've got some fun engagement news. You guys you'll have to wait to the end for that and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then we'll end it off with some predictions for what's going to happen next week and maybe the rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We are going to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 NFL draft class and what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will be joined every week but Ali my co-host and we will go through talk about what matters at each position where the Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be going into free agency a little bit. And then and then and then also what's important that position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft class has to offer we will be going Each position group one by one in the Box. The draft has that it looks to be a major part of how the Panthers go about this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway. I hope you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try. We're quite we're quite we're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is that is that is at 3 a.m. On October 27th some night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were transfixed by a woman wandering their campus. What is she doing? What if she sees us watching we should close the blinds too late. He's coming he's coming he's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my daughter Betty Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you the police were just here. I know I know I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and Mental Illness listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 year old Nathaniel should have been asleep by now. His mother had warned him. His sister's his sister's his sister's nursemaid had warned him, but it was too late the Sandman was already on his way. Hey Nathaniel pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the Sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing stay very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our yeah, I know did you know that when milk is start again when milk has come out of the cow. They died a white because there's pus and blood in it and your stroke still drinking cow's milk. Your mom will join to do that is disgusting. I've tried like almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk. What breasts do you squeeze? Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a thing. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut milk coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can I was absolutely vile? And I don't know why people eat it. So drink is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know what the problem is what you I don't think I'm a problem. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your own podcast. You can have fun. You can you can you can talk about whatever you want to talk about on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to make it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, once again, once again, go to the get the anchor app. I'll go to Anchor dot f m-- in you on your way. Good morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from nothing from nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will discuss Florida's loss at Tennessee get into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to 19 and 11 ahead of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty. Louis could be the last game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to graduate with honors High honors, I think in In the spring which is fantastic really happy for him or take some listener questions. It's a fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it. You know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport. This is March. Now we're now we're now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball. Our this week is brought to you by anchor that's the platform. We use to bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth I youth I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is it is it is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your remember your remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd march 2nd march 2nd entitled debtors to all today will be reading from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 have mercy on me O Lord for I am in trouble my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul and my body for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks as always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you never listen to the show before hold on to your floppy hats and get ready for the team and I to bring you the story. Is affecting young people and your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina Sakamoto who has brought you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets from 2010 that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist ever 97 who goes deep to bring you stories like is God real? Well, it turns out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, all right, all right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you doing, my friend? Brett I'm doing great. Thank you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the time. It's been it's been it's been a little while since we've chatted. So what have you been up to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty but Patty but Patty and I my wife decided probably when I had a year left in Colorado Springs at my position that we would move back to Tucson. And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're getting a little better at life. I am I am I am your host Corey mascara and in today's episode. I'm going to share a few thoughts on the idea of finding meaning more to come on that in a moment. But first but first but first let's settle in with the sound of the Bells. Finding your life's meaning is one of those things that can feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that some people have a seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to welcome to welcome to the take it or leave it podcast. I'm one of your hosts Egan for our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This is Brady Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't I get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right all right all right with my co-host. Jordan Reese, here we go. What's up? Its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our first episode of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked about a bunch of random stuff. We're probably we're probably we're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated while we're doing this. Actually, let's start with that. So to begin with we will ask our good old friend Siri to pick a number between one and five. She's a she's a she's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely so definitely so definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of business where we talk about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I hope you like it. Thank you guys for joining into the art of this is today. My guess my guess my guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to this right now. Thank you for joining us really? So I so I so I let me give our listeners are little bit of context or of what I'm doing. So I so I so I was browsing LinkedIn the other day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to college back in 2012. Soccer together so we known each other for a few years back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host Travis Likens. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here for episode 16. But first we want to say thank you to our sponsors first up sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us and they want to do the same for you. So if you want to check them out, make sure to head over to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if and if and if you use the code Urban robot cat at checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That is that is that is no love city.com. And then and then and then also SD prints there are screen printing company that can make you some wonderful products for your booth tables website, whatever you got they can make a product for you. You can check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to something to something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive research, but ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members themselves for every kernel of truth. There's a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each group to protect their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed by legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to talk a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have a script I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast, let me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple music. A podcast apodcast apodcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Anyways, let's get this rolling. Like a record record right now and I can just cut it. Okay. So like so like so like you ready, but you got it closer. It's just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're back hello and welcome back Sue's of time. I have a special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea. This is my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've known the birdie I live. Oh, yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really old bird. He's gay. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is this is already Turning off as a disaster sweet peas fucking Violet and I am actually kind of scared of him. I love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's a little he's a budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's very tiny his little arthritic feet and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel boivin senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy commissioner for British Columbia. And this is part of our privacy right educational series privacy, right? Aims to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA to the everyday work of the more than 1 million organizations that collect use or Close personal information in this province. We want organizations to think more about the sheer volume of personal information. They collect they collect they collect and process everyday their legal obligations to safeguarded under pipa and how our office can help. It's about getting privacy right to build and maintain Trust. Today, we're today, we're today, we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride podcast. I'm your host Michael Ward. That was little Foo Fighters. We had go in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and today it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because Valentine's Day and we are recording two and one day and we are so excited for our guest today. So he is our special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where to find us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitches.com. Go ahead leave us a 5-star review. We literally we literally we literally live for that shit leave that review and if you have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it at all. Thanks. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I well, I well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which included her reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans of the show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username saying how the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the show taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines week on Choppers. Every day we'll be talking about a different awesome woman from history a heroin heroines are women who do great things and a remembered for their bravery and achievements. But first, let's get brushing the way. Our first heroic woman lived a long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of saying a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over ancient China with her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by her own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task for police resulting in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this episode on the shocking murder of Betty Gale Brown and want to hear more like it check out our series unsolved murders every Tuesday follow the clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's most bewildering murders follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is it is it is me and Christian here with our very good buddy Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce it, right that was pretty good. Actually. Yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that was pretty good. It was pretty good history of New Zealand podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what you've been working on and what we're going to be talking about today. Sure. So Kilda, so Kilda, so Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as you've just heard I'm the bloke behind the history of altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much a does what it says on the tin podcast. It's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a podcast where we explore how the chakra system can help you change your mind to change your body to change your life. Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on a Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm confused as to what day it is because I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday. Does that does that does that ever happen to you? I think I think I think it's so funny. You know like you think like all day. It's Tuesday it's Tuesday it's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are we are we are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK podcasts. You have you have you have Chris with you today. We said that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing through the offseason and that we're definitely starting with a very very good special on first off. So we all like to get a bit of an insight into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to those day our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the City of Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you if you if you want to learn a little bit about my firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a huge fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the office all day long as you might know Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now. You can listen to all of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users can download episodes to listen to offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with your friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is this is this is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly with a point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday night the mood in the camp must be a good one. Yeah to be fair. It's been good for months really pleased with the performance. And I kind of knew it was going to be a bit like that. But until we sort of broken down loss or often our second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight was Jeb. What have what have what have you made of him so far? Capital K JP will get better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls that were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they were asking me how we do it how we get it out there how we record it. And you know, thankfully I was able to tell them about anchor which if we would have had when we first started out this would have been way way easier and it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, so anchor is by far the easiest way to make a podcast it gives you everything you need. In one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any fancy recording equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it on your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it so it so it gives you all the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good which you know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, it's the easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Nelson. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Jackson the ball, you know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put you put you put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are you doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you appreciate you appreciate you coming on you've got an amazing story and I love for you to share it with a lot of people. Yeah, thank you. I'm so excited that you're doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue and you know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got to where you are and what drives you and what motivates you and all those sorts of things. I think is so important to share and I've had great conversations with a lot of really good coaches. And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of Steel media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet. Of course, we didn't expect to die out here. You know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by our app to help companies get control of their email for this episode really excited to have one of our one of the biggest names in construction Judith, please introduce yourself. Thank you thank you thank you very much. That's an interesting way to describe me. One of the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used a lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So I'm Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations on fire safety in the wake of the Granville fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back welcome back welcome back to the deluded podcast and I'm happy to be doing this. I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 subscribers. So if so if so if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel you feel like you've accomplished something with me because without you like it's impossible. So I'd so I'd so I'd like to first and foremost say a big thank you to look for a line it to be possible if you haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff in on YouTube. Then you then you then you might as well start. Do I need to spell out to you why you need to start listening to that YouTube content come on now but away from all of that as you look normal. I wouldn't I wouldn't I wouldn't say a lots happened in football, but a lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep our band for eight games and get a fine. I believe due to allegedly calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry oh, sorry oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be digital. It's simply has to put another way. HR must become more digital and analytical to deliver greater business value. This episode is a break from our usual format. It features it features it features a panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work conference in San Francisco. The discussion the discussion the discussion was titled HR skills of the future and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people analytics at UC Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head of people strategy analytics learning and operations of judicial RJ Milner who is a global head of people analytics boober and is a previous guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of my HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is how do we take control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There are there are there are multiple ways that can kick you down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important points right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science of life. It is the branch of the biology that deals with the normal functions of a living organism and its parts. But in this sense, what we're going to be talking about is how refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You feel emotions are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness anger and fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have our first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered podcast is stencil plus. So I use stencil plus with my business. They made a handicap logo for me amongst other custom logos and different things for me as well. They have the lowest price guaranteed guaranteed. They have free shipping on all orders over $50. You can you can you can have a free company logo stencil made free and they have lots of cool Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's thousands of stencils to choose from and they can create anything if they don't have it already. So if so if so if you have something very custom you want made they will work with you and they listen to their customers needs of what they want what they need to work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode number 20 coming your way. And thanks again last week to Lugosi. We had a great chat and I really enjoyed that show and I hope you all did too and usurping, you know, my numbers are good. Thank you very much and were small but we're we're good. We're happy we're happy we're happy and as I always say to people I do this because I love the band. Of talking to the bonds and having a chat with them and seeing how to do see if we are kind of similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that. So it's awesome. So thanks for that. So today we have a different. Well, no, well, no, well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me explain it's free their creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. They'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. So download the free acre app or go to Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want to join in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you if you if you can't make it check out your favourite podcasting platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our sponsors the ones who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting site. Anchor anchor is basically this free podcasting app that allows you to edit upload and create your own podcast all in one convenient app. Anchor basically anchor basically anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once you upload your podcast to Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to Spotify your podcast and instantly be everywhere at once you upload it to Anchor or if you want to create your own podcast download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what I have to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen to what I ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad that everyone is on board and I'm excited for this little journey this little educational Journey that we are going to go on together. I've done a little eye. Like organizing and like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've done list of how I want it to pan out whether or not it pans out like that is another story because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we shall see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening. Please unless you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It is it is it is Thursday, March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this evening. It's a little pregame combo for you Michael. We didn't we didn't we didn't get a chance to talk after the Leafs loss in San Jose. But hey, but hey, but hey, that's okay. They had won three in a row prior The Beat Goes On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have to sort of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road that we're key games against teams that were at least on par with them Florida a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver who was battling for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come up against the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they got outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other words. What are the things? What are the triggers? What are the things that women like about us guys? So what kind of behavior is it that they like so we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women. Well first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want to be in a love story. They want they want they want to just randomly run into some dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make eye contact and there's just obviously it happens in such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called speaking for the bag. And the reason why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty self-explanatory. Obviously, we in our bag we in the bag we got the bags of cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing I'm doing I'm doing this for my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy with my voice Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here is in it for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, good morning, good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say thank you was the voice of someone stealing bed at 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes or yes or yes or no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app you just woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her ready and that's it. Are we are we are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we choose a subject but we don't use the position where you're going. Wait the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, but most of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on my head. Here we go. We all live I welcome all welcome everybody doing welcome to the debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your now your now your host the man taking your health to a whole new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're going we're going we're going to talk about the seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This is really about something called cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a crowd chamber for just a very small amount of time because it's a very very cold to me. Maybe three maybe three maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept is really based on this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that that is a situation where you're adding a low dose dress or a moderate amount of stress to create a beneficial effect. There's a lot of things that can create this effect. This is called hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around for eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck fan analysis podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks official entities. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever possible feel free to read along with us. If you have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive disabilities or disorders, we suggest you stick to the audio. We have free audio transcriptions for this podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read instead of listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're so we're so we're going to have some opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions may be different from yours, but we're not attacking the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe for work. And if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast. I'm wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be talking about Dan for sure. Basically cycle for the club. She don't know me. You don't know me as your own cloud. She might she might she might say this for the cloud money days we could dance for the cloud bitch don't so today we have done for sure. He is he is he is the big talker. He is the hitter. He is the cringer. He is he is he is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines week where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight. We're talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my mom. No, your no, your no, your mom's cool, but we're actually talking about an athlete named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a super talented athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal gold medal gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon the Apollo 11 moon landing was being filmed live from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made camera transferring its signal back to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different Studios one in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes for safekeeping. They sent they sent they sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you are you are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording hosting in distributing your podcast. Best of all, it's a hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now anger can match you with great spot. So you so you so you want to advertise on your podcast. That means you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, that's what I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it before but you know, we love using incre you can hit record start talking. It stopped save the audio. It's very easy to you know, Trim the starting and end points if you want to cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and make money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start that's anchored FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an hour race, Binghamton. We don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's right. If you're if you're if you're looking to host your own podcast. This is this is this is the easiest free way to get started this got a Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging part, you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and get it right on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any other place podcast or founds And you know what, you can monetize it to make a little cash for sharing your great content with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all in one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started. If you're ready to launch your podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek. This is wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome to experience share. Its a Pokemon podcast starring me donphan or smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - Josh Val said is your actual name. Do you do you do you remember what the actual name of that? Pokemon is ho ho no. Oh, she'll oh, she'll oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different names you called ho over the course of the season because there's been at least ho ho ho Joe. I think you had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember it because now it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network. Join Rabbi join Rabbi join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching and practice and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to experiencing the divine. I want to start by sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla that's very close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means you were kind of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act first act first act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on today on today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to take care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a runtime. There's some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos and we're going to do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after that. Let's just call it a rumor all that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring movie discussion news and interview. We talk moving and here's pop corn stalks Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome our welcome our welcome our movie news. We are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one later. Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is a podcast all about spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk about things like the shift from 3D divide D Consciousness the nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful being welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank you so much for being here with me today. I'm really excited to have you before we get started. If you if you if you want to create me. Go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is podcast is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it but today it's me back is run out of ways to introduce we can just talk to yourself about yourself in the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome. Honestly, we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking we're talking we're talking about how to plan a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going to cover off planning a wedding when you've got small children and a some elements of planning a wedding when you're pregnant as well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we are recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events that we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that you're good. It's the intro song inches on the addressing. It's the intro song intro song We're not in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked it. Yeah, welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you thank you thank you for listening. So thankful that you make us a part of your week. It's so it's so it's so humbling to know that I'm always so grateful Brooke less so but me because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are we are we are this episode's gonna be a little different. I might I might I might sound a little different Brooks coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we are in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this begin this begin this Thursday, March 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast on Friday, March 6th. And as we go through the spring, there's going to be a break again after that first practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit as many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to the media how many we have Tim we have five open by Focus and the Beauties. They're all they're all they're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in the new facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better vantage point. I think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours to get a or an hour to get her practice report out afterwards either because you can do a little bit on your computer, right? Yeah, actually, yeah, actually, yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and can actually work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many football fans. Favorite pastime favorite pastime favorite pastime will be analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end there invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week for the second time. This season is gold head of news and features Peter Staunton. Last time you came on your above Dave despite not touching your team since game week one. Yeah, how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 3.7 million. In the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think out of you know, all the people that are still interested. I used to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from the fact you have a lot of players on your team you are playing. Well the well the well the problem there was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted to talk about a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days since the finale and couple things we want to talk about before the reunions show just in case that It gets wild and we don't want to you know, take up too much time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the internet is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so we just want to talk about what we found out since the show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to Abercrombie.com and click Fierce to learn more those singers back. Then I mean like you had they were they all came from church, you know, I mean and church was you know, and I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you know, the the death of the black church in the black community. E in the role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you know, you don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few here but every now and again probably last one is its is it Fantasia? You can't you can't you can't definitely fantastic. It's like - that's the last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, but just those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and truth and truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to another installment of Truth and fire the podcast which picks up or truth and fire the block leaves off. I'm your host vetiver and you can find me at the ER ite etfe you on all social media platforms. Have you have you have you already given up on your fitness goals for 2020 on today's episode? We're discussing the biblical approach to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for godly encouragement to stay the course to get back on track or to Simply begin your fitness journey all of this. More when more when more when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me let me let me say a few things about the mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom of a mentor to help us focus on what matters and avoid costly mistakes yet, too often finding that person. We trust and whose experienced is impossible. And then if we do find them then on the other side of the world or is too expensive or they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring people now for over 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at the start of this year. I've been I've been I've been thinking a lot about how I can mentor more people how I can help more people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here. You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions. You can ask me questions anything you like whatever you are in the world for a fraction of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and on behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and reading and reading and listening to our show. We hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review the podcast. Woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your hosts are Dana husband here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today. We will be discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on today's death. I just I just I just want to share our excitement about our attempt to doing a virtual sium. We really looked at this as an opportunity to hear from everyone who's been learning along with us over the past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related anything related anything related to the death or something that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page or Whatsapp group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm your host Simon and in today's episode. This is this is this is the audio version of video that we originally published on YouTube here for your listening convenience. If you like this show, please do consider leaving us a review or ever get your podcasts. That would that would that would be awesome and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a waiter in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Massacre of Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing to do with the terrorist attack. And the and the and the murder was just another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games over the years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the list. I will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go so go so go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra. He also he also he also hosts the long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism and ambition the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what art is thanks so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy that you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's been many years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very long time. So thank so thank so thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is a podcast from expat International today. We will be talking about child sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred in Turkey after the proposal of a Bill, that would have disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their victims in response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the government to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly podcast and I want to thank you for listening liking and subscribing as so far and want to touch another thing that I did last week. I made a mistake on the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it that I said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not a big difference, but You know my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to do the top 10 that we did for my birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do it for a week as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say let's say let's say somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this and this and this is the big fat snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of my conversation with Dan Bailey where we discuss five things to avoid when working on a session for an artist Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently he recently he recently released his video series that Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his own Studio track land in Orange County in part. One Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and ultimately recording a drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part two Dives little deeper into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications. You can check those out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a IL e why.com and check them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you hello you hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry deal. My name is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one glass of you know, Verde. I'm two I'm two I'm two glasses vinho verde in if you don't know what vinho Verde is going to Trader Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always on the bottom shelf. It always takes me a really long time to But it's delicious. Yeah, and if there's no section for it, it's not like you can be like, excuse me. Where's the vinho Verde sections like one bottle if you know Verde white wine is green wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide section which is the best. This is this is this is one type of woman alone, which is why they don't put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank you. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker. She joins me to share her emotional story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful for this opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three year Journey. I just I just I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was always smiling. She had the best sense of humor and was just so fun to be around even to this day. She is still full of life and so are her kids. I love her energy her philanthropy her love for people and her love for Life. Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank you so much for joining episode 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is this is this is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting down with actor on my heart for a long time. You know him from these various parts. Probably the probably the probably the first part you would Norm for is the power of methadone Mac on still game since then, he's been in a lots of things like car. Of a of a of a rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with a few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really good guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was hey was hey was that you're looking at and y'all love this so much we had to you know, bring it back and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this hey, this hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 movie with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman every day on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You download you download you download distro TV stir TV Zumo TV and soon the electric now app and you just have to pick one. You don't have to have all your not them all of them, but it helps and you can watch us on the Electric now channel don't miss us as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie. And if you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick up my new book Nobody Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of James Bond and spy Mania. It's a it's a it's a hefty Tom and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is Mike Rankin. I will I will I will be your host this time around and boy. Do we have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in the basement podcast. You can follow them on Twitter at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going to be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally interview other people. So I'm going to completely screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me on the show. And yeah, and yeah, and yeah, we're excited over at Saks in the basement right now where we've been doing this now for almost two years and it really is like a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event of cork and Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're going to be trying out a live broadcast from there through the Pod be nap and we're going to be going to two shows a week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss both the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, and I want to help you buy sell and trade your way into a collection you'll love. Hello everybody and thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want I want I want to ask you a question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the whole card industry went away. Do you do you do you think your life would be better or worse? I think if you really stop and think about it and honest answer for some of you would be yes, I'd be better off if it all went away and for others you. Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done they'll distribute your podcast for you on Spotify. I will podcast in many other places. So download so download so download the free anchor app or go to Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so we are going to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up what's up what's up podcast on this one? I chat I chat I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni. This is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby league podcast. Fans who fans who fans who are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right, ladies and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got I've got I've got a very special guest with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the new website life and football.com. Once again, the website is life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams. Plus it is Heath roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are behind with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a bowl game against Georgia State. This kid is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling y'all hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I love what they have going on over there. I love I love I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship listen ship listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get I get I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with professionalism and an intense customer focus. They provide a top-notch user experience and have a great selection of pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in October. So be sure to go and check them out. We are incredibly grateful that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the show going into 2020. We would we would we would love it if you as listeners would support the show by Ting them you can find them online at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best crypto mining podcast in the history of the world on today's episode mean hash and I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk about building communities around proof of work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about Prague pal and mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you if you if you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 acts 3 acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple at the time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now a man who was lame from birth was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he saw Peter and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter looks That him as did John then Peter said look at us. So the man gave them his attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York City in the aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode 71 episode 71 episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997. There was a sharp decline in wall Street's interest in the region and in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless. Japan was mired in Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon row of empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a bit of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when no one else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started to bloom it my fund we already had FX in the region but back in those days. It was almost like the trading job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how was the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got to sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in Florida. I know it is rough being back here in PA, but it was all right. I can't complain man, you know on Friday. We had we had we had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm playing hide and seek and they have internal and oh, I don't know if you should go back to Florida. It is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney and sunshine and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First of all going to look at a summary of what happens in seems one and two of act three scene one begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King Banquo speaks to himself. He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the crown. He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He calls he calls he calls bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like his best friend. Of course that's out on a horse ride with fails. Macbeth and speaks in another city liquid. He says that having the crown is not enough. He must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to his crown saying there is none but he whose being I do fear Macbeth noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I want it put this one behind me too. So, I'm right. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you don't want to be like I don't be drowsy heat alert, right? Here we go. Welcome back welcome back welcome back to question the self you've reached episode to my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake the sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a beloved one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life and my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up trouble but just because she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her life and saved her life and those beliefs Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of the perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could be changed by embracing. The simple the simple the simple fact that we all only have one life and that none of us are promised another day on this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of our current health status after all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make you happy and you certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views and opinions and expertise you would like to share with the world? Well anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. That's all making this podcast. Anchor gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can easily download it onto your mobile device or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit so your podcast sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast apple podcast apple podcast Google podcast and so many more and the best part you can easily make money with your podcast with no minimum listenership. So go so go so go download the app anchor or go to ANC hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name is Kelly Scheib. For those for those for those of you guys that are first-time listeners. I'm here joined by my co-host Steve now we are so we had a plan for today and as is typical with my life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant to have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, California. Yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where the clock is Coronavirus is originated. I think that we need no well, like have you been watching United States? I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad we've got the experts we have here today to talk to us. So today we are joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What kind what kind what kind of interesting email here from a guy who writes in thanking me for my work and telling me how just in a short period of time. He's in a situation where I guess his he's been married. And he's in the process of getting a divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He found out she was having an emotional affair with some other guy apparently. So the interesting thing is he's completely changed his approach. He still moving forward with the divorce, but the interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and hooking up with his wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of health and Hospital podcast with only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are David's Alibi was engaged those things, but if man were here episode the first episode really looking forward to getting some contest Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we first said it was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and four weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now and telling the last year so but interesting how we actually got go to my I don't remember that day like yesterday device right here is a kind of weird one were both jumping on the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already you already you already know the world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how tough you are. It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently. If you if you if you let it you me or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain't about how hard you hit it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if well, if well, if you know what you're worth then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him or her or anybody cowards do that. And that ain't you you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We know it's Ryan crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it. And we're and we're and we're I think timed it perfectly. All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three days. Yeah four days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will be releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here week Monday here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday. Oh, yeah, I don't know what that means. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not super Tuesday. Oh, whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your four-day? How's your how's your how's your past four days been? Oh, well oh, well oh, well three words. They were they were they were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to join this week because he is on spring break. He's living it up in Spain. What up Christian are you doing? But this week we have three very special guests from Lehigh University. Number one, number one, number one, Matt Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky. She was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra one man confessed to the crime but was never convicted what really happened to Betty Gale Brown that night to hear more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or Wherever you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't something wasn't something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast this podcast this podcast is in conjunction with the layer Aid conference which is happening for the third year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a conference is the first one to solely focus on social engineering and open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators always seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings us here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves. No interviews. No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes some may even go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice from Vice from Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today we're looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th century. It's a it's a it's a story about for men and for women who are locked inside this enormous glass dome for two years just to see what would happen. And as you'd imagine it all went a little bit Lord of the Flies. I think things started to get a bit uncomfortable rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think we all knew instinctively that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello and welcome to I want to be your Canary. There's a final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you from multiple States. Got it and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I yes, I yes, I love that when you say it. You sound you sound you sound like you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back to another episode of I don't want to put my microphone. We're not in the new studio yet because we had a little bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog that we posted at by the time you listen to this a few weeks ago we found Mice in our basement. So we so we so we had to put our project on hold for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in three different places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all of them so high so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't seen you in like a week and a half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this episode is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 episode 8 and it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys stick around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups. Our best moments are best lines of the episode. So be sure to stick around for that. We also have our contest going on right now for a chance to win a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter to enter to enter just written comments on our iTunes page and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending we're extending we're extending this contest to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of time as always to or containing listeners in a brand new ones. Thank you thank you thank you for joining us. Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get into the episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you think? It was it was good? It was really good. They're a couple things that I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters Alex and Sarah Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect on their own Journey with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get eliminated and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to due to due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised. This episode this episode this episode includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the mid-1960s at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader. Our 30 our 30 our 30 year old Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of the Oakland Charter. He was he was he was a legend in his own right at least. That's what he'd say. As Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It featured a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity and other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of Satanism and order to reinvent religion for myself. Okay story time. I was I was I was driving to visit a friend while listening to to the excellent album hearts of No Light by shamash, which I highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in particular and blew out one of the speakers in my car. My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So instead of Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's only coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the best way to download and record your podcast best platform out there. You can put it out on Spotify put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's by it's by it's by far the best platform I've used. I've used other platforms, and I'm so happy I stuck with anchor. So make sure you sign up with anchor if you're interested in doing podcast. Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's up, man? How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a partner, and that partner has another partner that person by the way, for those of you don't know has a special term. It's called metamour. That is that is that is the special word for your partner's partner. So your partner's dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in a relationship with your partner. And so and so and so you have a metamour and you want to know this person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe you're really into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be on such good terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit down in someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and hang out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang up on your partner from time to time or have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked that you're joining me this morning for today's in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode this episode this episode is all things travel during chasing an action taking I'm excited to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to find out what creative plans he is. Currently he currently he currently he currently has Brewing you may have previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds amazing to me. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met at Sanda coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot of people these days. Yeah, you should Park ourselves off when our laptops and a lot of people come through and sort of asked what we're doing and get Chapman figure out. You got you got you got a few things in common. And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're if you're if you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and I opened it. I was reading it through and it said if anyone ever comes to you saying all is well. They're from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind of have that habit of of of telling us all is well and your own words. And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there good angels and bad angels and we want to remind you that that there is a stream of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what we've noticed about any who for whatever reason are standing in a place where they are not allowing their alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in vibrational alignment with the well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful place. That's always that's always that's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be introducing waking youth. How did I come up with this idea? And what waking youth is all about so over the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I was thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I was also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and very anxious and I realized that a lot of my friends were also feeling like this because we're obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement. I wanted to let you all know that we have joined the Frolic podcast Network front leg is a podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you know, I am both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of many kinds of genre. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes romance knows the value of self-care. So we're really excited to be a part of this community. If you're into romance in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have been on it a couple of times. We love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering we're offering we're offering our listeners some additional content about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal Crimes of Passion episode. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected we've collected we've collected short clips from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we so we so we hope you guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here at 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong with us. We literally we literally we literally literally make the goal every morning to wake up at 5:00. Like this like this like this is some sight. It was it was it was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do it everyday though. Sometimes eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're glad to have you with us again. And it's the whole crew here today and we're going to do this ourselves in a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've been at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 or something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need we need we need the fact Checkers out there to correct us, you know, occasionally we do say things that are not correct often speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct each other in the course of the show, but that just has because we do is almost zero prep. We just kind of come from wherever we are and we sit down and and I think most of the time we do catch each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to Glenn. I'm glad you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've not I've not I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week late. I was supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week I came to New Orleans my hometown and it was mighty grind. It was just a lot of stuff going on and I could have recorded like the days after but I had so much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had I had I had to go get my pap. Smear I have errands to run I was linking with people that I see in a while. Basically, I really didn't have time and then I'm staying in New Orleans and my mom house and then my brother's over here and nephews and it be loud like I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and no one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are you are you are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name my name my name is Donna and my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk about scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful of before blasting this episode on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample known truth because I said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at Massaquoi lastly. Views and views and views and opinions expressed by our guests. Should there be any are not automatically endorsed by us? Okay now that's weird. It's time it's time it's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips episode 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker. I was right. Yeah. Boom one boom one boom one for one. Love it. Justin Anderson here already typed in there wait for your intro on the snap. It's there it's there it's there wait for your intro next time. That's extremely that's extremely that's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining us via Skype in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's going great. It's starting to warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, but you can tell it's like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used to being known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like that. Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. There's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home for the holidays the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the snow-covered World feels like a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's fun to have a friendsgiving with your roommate you swap stories about your Traditions eat junk food and stay up late late enough that the idea of a walk to the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like seems like seems like a bad choice, but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we after we after we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a straight line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and then moving I came back with hot dogs for everyone. Oh, those hot dogs were so good man that day at the space amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of us. And Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might you might you might want to cool with that funnel cake. We all know are you get what you have to watch funnel cake typically. Yeah, I definitely remember that because you're the only person I know who loves funnel cake more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's episode we go back to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's criminal trial where he was acquitted on two counts of murder, but he also had another trial two years later if you enjoyed the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for more shocking sports events from history on our March. Edna special as always you can listen free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of viewers had gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy. My name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm your alarm your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the last few precious minutes of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes unavoidable it blares again and again when you can no longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep you drag your aching body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through ooh your data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as you dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed voice responds with the exact percentage chance it will rain and the precise temperature you don't remember exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you remember it was cold yesterday and dress accordingly you check your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr. Brian Havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr. Carve Ellis and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo to discuss glial cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future of neuromodulation. Now if you guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo Vallejo he Is the man the myth the legend behind stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for stem Jackson Millennium Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic for the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 of the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is all about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent in by an underscore Austin in do thank you so much for this idea because he noticed that most of my Programs and pretty much all the workouts. I put out our mixed in some form of a circuit. So you want to know why that is. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is it just my style? What is that? So we're going to break down the science and we're also going to break down some reality because you know, all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around real life factors. I think so, we'll talk about both and then really why I choose to do them and why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists. As always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as you can see, my energy is on such a different level than it was for episode 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many great compliments on episode 1. I'm so I'm so I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio this audio this audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the Fine Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class. It was when her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her birthday party that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting your own podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor is the way to do it. That's actually what we use to host this podcast. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that was made on anchor we just download our audio upload it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of All it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile app on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio. We appreciate each and every one of you guys listening to the show. We couldn't we couldn't we couldn't do this without you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all the pertinent Links at the bottom. So today's so today's so today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get arted Penis, hello everybody and welcome to the speaking for the bag podcast today on our show. We have we it's called speaking for the bag. We have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you have you have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you if you if you struggle to get your workouts in if you want to do some workouts at home, if you are a mom with kids and you really really struggle to find the time or if you travel a lot then you need this plan. Now, I've now, I've now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again. Been Ogden been Ogden been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week plan which consists of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You also get access to the audio trainer app. Which has all video tutorials of how to do every single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa you might get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment and stuff that you can find around the house. And so if you answered yes to any of them questions at the start go and get the planet is also 50% off at the moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but here we go. So today came across something pretty special. Let's just make this one on. Becoming extraterrestrial becoming extraterrestrial becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable. So this last week I decided you know, hey, I'll take a break. I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you know. Oh, here we go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie out. Hell, yeah, hell, yeah, hell, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler since a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living and while we watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character to my life, right? So he's so he's so he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think it's kind of funny actually to be honest with you, but I'm one of my last Whatever you want to call it one of my last pump and dumps that I dealt with before I went Monk. And a and a and a father to a woman about my age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one of the dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio. We're up to episode 17 which has been a lot of fun and we're certainly getting through these episodes but we get to meet and interact with a lot of different people. And today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle of grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank you for having me. No worries at all. It's it's a pleasure. Come and talk to us. What a what a what a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end. Oh, no. Oh no find yourself Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving Grace Lord and repent of sins. All right, all right, all right, you know what? Today's episode today's episode today's episode is about it's about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the beginning of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There will there will there will be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a in a in a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following that way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, you know where else far far away where it takes us months to create new merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here it's here it's here Teespring.com and it's popping / stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it. You guys are super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, Mi L. We finally got our shit together. We got we got we got that shit together with the help of Jackie for Designing it. Thank you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you Jackie. Love you. There's so many different types of designs. There is an optimal 2.0 simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? Can we get ours now? You can you can you can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess vigeland the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can stay ahead of the curve the first episode of the think with Google podcast drops on March 5th. You can listen on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma is reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember but maybe don't know the details of okay, so last spring I went to a therapist because I was having hard time with a bunch of stuff and I was complaining to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did I say to ya penitential good stuff Episode 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends the podcast for a talk to people much more interesting than myself. I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll listen. So how this one she's got a mortgage. I'm on the first amount of often the focus. Thank you very much for having me alone. We were just discussing how this is a test of your own medicine because you run around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go on. Give us a call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be somebody that answers questions. But here but here but here we are. So I'll give it give it my best real lovely. I also feel bad as well because obviously this morning you were on the road. It was on a phone in or do you have to go to Studio ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and I was on really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is this is this is Mack Wilds from the guys next door and I'm here to tell you about our family what you guys the reason why you are listening to the guys next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice heard out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest way to make a podcast. So let so let so let me explain it's free. There's Creation there's Creation there's Creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer anchor will also distribute your podcast for you. So you so you so you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and you can make money like I'm not even pushing you could really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you need to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm so I'm so I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our ideas come from today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is founder and CEO of the gradient a creative recruiting platform before that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the brand side at companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also she's Also she's Also working on a masters at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World. They joined they joined they joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient in the coming weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our conversation. Love told us why she wanted to start the gradient. And what and what and what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't it's doesn't it's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good cool. I started I started I started I started I don't give a fuck. I started sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have to admit that without the Clones it would not have been a victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory the shroud of the dark side Has Fallen Begun the Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions. This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your host Madison and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two three two three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very very excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean paddlers in the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand champion and probably one of the best foilers in the world. He does a bit of everything. But the reason we wanted to chat with him today is not just because he's a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things off the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to welcome to welcome to Studio, mate. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So you'd In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit of wind coming on the weekend 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so good about seven days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here today. We have Rebecca. We have AC and we have myself. So we um, this is an interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because we so I was sick two weeks ago. I was sick two weeks ago. So it didn't do one then and last week we did a podcast and you always have to have that one podcast where you don't hit record. And so and so and so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from traveling from traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing it in a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 1805. The men of Lewis and Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the Missouri River. It was it was it was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the sleeping men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder was in their midst. Under the cover of Darkness a grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that had been hung up to dry. If it if it if it decided it wanted to snack on some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 coming at you. We're hitting you with a combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this year did in Indianapolis what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is this is this is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast where we talk to you about how you can start and grow your hardscaping business in this week. We are going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day this week. You are likely going to get an episode based on the topic of marketing. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this week is starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime friend of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here to talk with us about acquiring the right type of Clients for your business not just any clients, but the best clients into your business. How do how do how do I identify them and how to get them into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado here is our interview with Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison. He is a business development manager for intrigued media a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many other platforms. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum and our listenership is everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Base download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the node or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler at a player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? I don't have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to the podcast. So a so a so a big question that I get either via email or over on our YouTube channel is from people that are just getting started with their online store and they want to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So kind of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to pick a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all that stuff. You can learn more about on my free training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a link to that in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once you know all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the business then the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done before you make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before you get your first sale? So I so I so I want to cover a business checklist in this podcast go over a couple different options you have and then let you know what I do and what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording we're recording we're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were doing. I did two very much so good. Yes good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi everyone. We are back with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys. Hi Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because you had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just a quick pause here during our lesson on English to tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is actually the tool. I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if so if so if you are listening to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is anchor anchor is a free free podcast tool that you can use to create and record and edit. Build your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor distributes your podcast for you. So I don't have to track down apple and Spotify and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just kind of click the button and it goes all by itself. You can you can you can make money from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing right now is an ad that I've written for them so that I can make a little bit of money off of this podcast. That's why it's free, right? I can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last the last the last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to talk Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Denver at Notre Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at Maryland. Yell at Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse to sneak into this show here before I get into it as always be sure to like subscribe hit the notification Bell and then go to lacks factor.com. You can get yourself some swag t-shirts. We have all sorts of t-shirts and we're building on that every single day and then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more like hahaha. They literally they literally they literally named it. The deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey everybody. Welcome back welcome back welcome back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better spaced apart my words because Nick was saying I was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this is my little kind of I guess you could say pod the caste. So I so I so I would say if there is anyone listening thank you for tuning in. We just need tuning in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this podcast about well, let me tell you as you can. See the name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk about a statement from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship whether it's an open relationship with that. I don't know how it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the quickie and first before we get into the show, if you haven't heard about anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make a podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's free. It's free to download is free to be chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations. Anyway, why not record it and make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before we talk about like life. So last episode we both talked about how we were reading the Jessica Simpson book open book Shay. My question is no spoilers. We don't have to say anything in case you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell me if you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under a rock right now. I even I even I even went to his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to see if people were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his Instagram because I don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out was podcast. I'm here I'm here I'm here with Hannah burner from summer house. I'm super I'm super I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think I think I think you guys will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and I can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein mr. Epstein mr. Epstein thank you so much for having me feels like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel like you're what I would be if I moved to LA like you're an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if I stop being such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode This is actually going to be the heroes for Life show that we do once a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So I'm just about to go live with him right now. And this is what you're going to be hearing. So if you missed the live, this is your opportunity to listen back on it. So here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able to get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not connecting and there is what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up an embargo episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks this month. So yeah, March Madness nothing going basketball fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look similar Tayo with PLC. So premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all previous Lisa is on a separate video. So quick so quick so quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate Channel 1993. I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on so on so on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr. Brian McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment. We know we know we know that in the United States the death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know that those cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle. Most have occurred. The number of infections in the United States overall have climbed past a hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in Washington state alone. As I mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not the only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in North Carolina and Wake County resident who had visited the Washington State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You know, no rush. Here we go. Get into it. Here we go. Talk about some things today we go get into it. And basically we go talk about the system the system that's running the whole game around us right now. That's why that's why that's why you have a Mac bitter truth to break it down and I'm going to get into it because a lot of people said, oh my God, you break down this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't you don't you don't get into certain things, but I get into what I know about. You know what I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff that I get into is what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is actually talk about but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast. Oh, yes, he came up with that. He came up with a word awkward in our acronyms. So very proud of that. Okay. Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm studying Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you are you are you from I'm from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served I served I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 in 1964 in 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport with an air of confidence. He nodded he nodded he nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses as he passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of his security badge. He was a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by all the flight Personnel. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to Miami. This wasn't unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was he was he was quickly assured aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located next to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take please take please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the passing shot Novak Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the top in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and welcome to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans with your host Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're going to be digesting the last couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a look. Was been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Professor Aldo Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of CJ of Texas in Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and eventually down to me in the deep is my weekly podcast that I named to pay homage to the my God. Choice, but choice, but choice, but also to cover some topics rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect just to name a few join me each week as I dive into these topics and much more now stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs Beauty. It's not just lipstick its business. We will we will we will share a thought provoking conversations with business and Beauty professionals. Our goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take your business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Deepa teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from Toronto Canada and she works on a variety of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She also does weddings and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's a full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional real professional real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before this episode starts. I just want to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast is called catch open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought I thought I thought you know, what like catching up with friends. Just talking about random stuff, you know catch up with me sounds like a good title. But then as I recorded the past few episodes, I've noticed something I started to figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So if you know notice a lot of the things that we covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing up and things we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult. So with that said the new title of the podcast will be basically growing up. I finally figure out what the theme of this podcast should be. So basically growing up is going to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and I'm your boy Brett and the boys are back in town baby episode 4. So we've got a little bit of news nothing crazy. And then we're going to get into our AL East and at least predictions and stats and all that stuff. So the only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are you are you are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel. Let me lay him down. So he's so he's so he's I'm staring at him. He's there on the floor and he's giggling every once in a while and hopefully going to let me do this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I am going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house some of the questions that I get about buying an old house and some of the safety concerns and what to look for if you are thinking about purchasing an old house and then make sure to stay all the way to the end because I just started a new segment. This is the first episode that I'm doing it where I answer a random question from Instagram. My name my name my name is Lisa mom of six and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me as I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this and this and this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic of today's newsletter is going to be struggling with my purpose in life. This is something that I think pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is you're not going to stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going to feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really great and you're going to be full of passion and feel inspired. And other and other and other days it's going to feel hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just a ridiculous hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and your life telling you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or that business you want to build or that career you want to have is just unrealistic for you. So I've got an email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is just March. This is March. This is stopped episode 4 and like we have described in the last couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the show. And this is the first show that we are doing in the greatest month that we have on the calendar and as I've always stated it is the goal of this show to give the college basketball fan the best coverage that he or she can get on a regular basis and you think about the idea of transcending a space and you think about the great speeches that we have had in our great country. History President Kennedy being sworn into office some of the great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable life and that brought me on the ride over to the studio today to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't I don't I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the wife to a motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and one princess Addison also known as her a team and I wonder with all those a names do you get them all mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree in criminal justice. She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the beach coffee with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and her husband served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California. However, she feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am not dead. This is this is this is Bryson and I'm here with Alonzo my first love. How are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in your room or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your first love is always like you never forget your first right? I feel I feel I feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium and together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of tough choices in it. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't we haven't we haven't discussed the subject of payment, but I don't have I'm not asking much just a token really a trifle what I want from you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I have your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there ah, there ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are we are we are friends from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you are here with us today, and we hope you enjoyed this podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally we are together today and feeling so excited to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking are true too. True. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're going to talk about our story for a minute. Yeah, so we were thinking I don't care. How do we express this? How do we what do we think of what we title this? And so and so and so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is this is this is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Todd FM to get started on this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post and anchor will do all the job for me. It will it will it will publish it in all the major podcast sides. You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else. So this is just too awesome guys. You also you also you also need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram everyone. Welcome to buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted my uncle more than a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really hope you enjoy this one. If you if you if you do make sure to screenshot it and share it on social media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four three two, if it's Facebook, it's Olivia Towers dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you think of it. Welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with Towers. This one is with the lovely Danny Morgan. I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network. Balala power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict on but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know I know I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why behind what keeps Runners running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt. I've been running for a few years now and have the privilege of meeting many incredible Runners on my travels all across the country. This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back. I am I am I am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining today. It's a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's so let's so let's start with let's start with an intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you what you what you know, you can't explain. But you but you but you feel it. You felt it your entire life. That there's something wrong with this world. You don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my best buddy, my best friend good friends of ours and both of them - yeah, so we want to talk to them because they are the key ingredients to this major event coming up in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's official title. Basically like a whole weekend. Yeah. It's important it's important it's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy Deluxe 20 along with D4. And today we brought in a special guest from way back in the day. So stay tuned with us and find out who it is. All right. So our special guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss heart attack? How are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long time no see yeah, it's been it's been a minute, right? It has been a hot minute like nine years. I know it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you every once in a while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff like that. So not as much I guess for you and I but as far as playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's been it's been it's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch. I'm always amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed with your hosting skills. I mean, I mean, I mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I was tuning you out. I've already listened to you enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of stuff to go over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams play for the last five weeks, but we got hero pools now. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the ends. The fuck do I was listening back to the companion stream and you were like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan. So now you're actually targeting me during the podcast when I saw you live say I did not that bad. But what I'm doing is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities about picking Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring happy with my selections about you. You were the worst I couldn't think of to like, I woke up this morning. I thought about it. I was I was I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together on this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the creator of your own reality and it would be fair to say to you blessed beans that you are you are in the process of creating most of you two realities contrast is causing you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source. In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as the eternal. Well being that you are and you are also in the process of creating the reality of how you feel right now this red hot minute and we want those realities to merge and the only way that those realities can merge is for you to come with us in other words because we're not going with you. We are not going to complain with you about the injustices of your world because we see them not we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to due to due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old Alia ta was searching through her closet looking for something to wear to a graduation party when she heard her phone buzzed with the text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what she was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well. They had just started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but Ali didn't want to be rude. So she so she so she replied to Michelle's message telling her she was about to head out to a party Ali thought that would be the end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, hi there. Hi. We were we were we were Union Yes reuniting here. Here. We are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It has. Hi guys. So good to see you guys. Again Nate again Nate again Nate would and Candice Helm with blind. I Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta is that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the family all back together. So good so good so good to see everyone and seeing Nick and Vanessa actually talk with the contestants and be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed we've mixed we've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any reference to artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in nature and is not intended to offend or defame as such all reporting is based on the sequence of events reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion statement or recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites have been recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion is advised. Hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its heroines week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the outside in the chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we talk about heroic women from history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a brave hero who may have helped save America. We don't know exactly what happened. But this is the story that people have told about what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America was called the United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode this episode this episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart they're smart they're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill blew through the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening indoors inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city 52 year-old. Joanna South Kant was locked in a battle with a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt an evil presence enter the room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of life through the lens of the good the true and the Beautiful. I'm your host Dustin Kensrue and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can we can we can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a yes they did to do to live and to act but certainty the things most of us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about them. We don't we're not certain about exactly the same things today. The world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you from the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you doing? Oh watching oh watching oh watching some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know I cannot believe you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's G-rated. Well, maybe our but definitely not accept it is what it is. Why or why or why or how was your day? It was good. Just gonna just gonna just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode of Beyond reality has been divided into two parts. This is part 2 in which we talk about Tim Cohen's book The Antichrist in a cup of tea and which Tim not only claims. The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually he actually he actually identifies him both are fascinating discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support. The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go let's go let's go beyond reality Our Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in a cup of tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But before we do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day. This is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining me on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come together and pray this one on this morning. I'm just going to pray for your week. I'm just going to pray for you on this morning and leave my South out of it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% but I wanted to make sure that I got on the prayer call before I went back to bed. So today I'm going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by considered by considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of Malaysia Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have tried to stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell we tell we tell the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals spotify Originals spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by Schrute Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna be her tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry ruzicka here. Hello and hello and hello and welcome my hoodie. And how job my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki baat Karu to yeah, he shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid joab case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night may be long and the dark maybe deep but the answers are there to be found whether it's the normal the abnormal or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go beyond reality. We got a great show tonight. I'm really excited to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest also a renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of awareness if they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands in their way of achieving this Kelly. Welcome back welcome back welcome back to be on reality great to have you here tonight. Thank you for having me back hug daughter of mine. You sound you sound you sound like you might be getting over something you doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, spoiler alert, spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported I reported I reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight. Maddie was maddie was maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been I've been I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah. We are getting ready for the word of God and it is my honor to introduce our next speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of Brine and the mother to Brielle and Ashland. She works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in suburban Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She serves on the committee. That would that would that would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for ladies conferences and events. She has she has she has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam classy. He's a he's a he's a CO chair person of the Irish primary physical education Association, and on this podcast, we've had some prior episodes about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura Alfre. That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also talked to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Canada Canadian physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen to our podcast seem to be interested in curriculum from different areas of the world. So we're going to keep finding people who know them well to explain them on the pad podcast. So here we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons. I'm one of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie - man. That's right. And this week we are going to be talking about creating character hooks as well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again because we don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So send those into difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do it next time but before all that Ali are you games this week? So since so since so since the first time since we started playing doing this podcast, I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft but aside from that. No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to incurred on FM to get started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on health and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and Pain Management physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to help you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart they're smart they're smart and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is today is today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa. California was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more working on my Saturday night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still doing the history series and also Snow ending with other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned the other day. I'd only I'd only I'd only time I ever write anything down is Is there something going to shop a super work for husbands or also for Purim believe it or not? Because they always write a five or six or seven page Arturo whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, you know know, you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have a text in front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my son from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to talk about a little bit of how we started with here on anchor and one of the best things about anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or the computer. It's as easy as that. So download the free anchor up or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started check it out. It's going to be Great. Hey, we're hey, we're hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's to talk about their story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have to be a CEO doesn't mean you have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate visit our website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's talk. Let me let me let me just ask you how many of you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my 19 to 27? Oh good. You how about those who do not want to admit their age 30 above so that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like don't allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce you? Okay, what's up guys? My name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already know who I am. I'm in I'm in I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's it going? Okay, so Logan's my little from McMurray, but we're not going to mention McMurray the rest of this podcast because we we went to tank. It's all about the only school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to back to back to Abilene for alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have any other excuse. Yeah. I don't I don't I don't know why we going. All right guys before we jump into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick about anchor if you haven't heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest way to make a podcast because everything you need is in one place. There's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing you here today. I am with Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind of like dating preferences. So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I don't really know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school with a Brielle. That's how we met and I study social work and I consider myself a polyamorous person or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle. So and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the ability to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production crew Link in the description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead because Claire Crawley was announced as next season's leading woman. So let so let so let me get this straight. Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there is there is there any other reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right now I see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let me know your thoughts down in the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if but if but if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier today. So check so check so check that out on this channel and make sure you check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been I've been I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes you happy every time every time it goes on. It's just like I don't know what it is. Like the power of music is a real real thing. You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met a lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what is that and home pod? And he will point to it. I'll pick him up. He'll touch it. It'll play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He loved music so much to the point where if he can't touch it like he will start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as like, I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're going to how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little peeved right now. We just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye open. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we are once again calling in because we will not we can't see each other at the moment. Yeah, we have a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the other. Yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello. We're here. We're here today talking to each other to discuss are both of ours top to worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and I not soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so you can play soccer baseball and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage want me to start off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in chronological order. So my first injury from way back when I was in eighth grade. It's written soccer and this one. This wife this wife this wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could just keep doing what you're doing pull up a chair in your heart come chat with us about Jesus prayer community and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi Beth. So good so good so good to see you my friend. It's been too long. Tell me about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right Jenna. I'm excited to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister. Thank you thank you thank you so much Beth. It's a it's a it's a delight to be with you. I mean, I mean, I mean, it's a delight for me. I'm just I'm just I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland sisters. She just raving about you. I almost thought I'd be replaced and her best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, all right, all right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the only thing spreading faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes that LeBron James and Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and Lakers Nation because believe it or not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let me know if it and I are not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just discovered that in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of modern spirituality with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast this podcast this podcast is a place where people wanting to discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts mediumship psychics aliens religion New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling philosophy. And even dating some of the shows will be just me rambling about my mystical experiences and new discoveries. In other shows will have guests to open up New Perspectives and Views. I hope you'll join me on this journey as we discuss in open up about what spirituality in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have customers you don't have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have expenses. If you don't have customers you will quickly lose money and eventually have to close up shop. Here's what to do. If you're not getting bookings 8 strategies to revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in search results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price point taking you from the red into the black with your air B&B. This is this is this is Sean Rocky GH with Airbnb automated and let's talk about how to get get you more bookings. Welcome back are being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're just they're just they're just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will require some deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment and this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this episode contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. 18 year-old 18 year-old 18 year-old Lisa Connolly was irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged her to this cramped office. The whole thing was a major drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff. What was what was what was the big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy the Liturgy the Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to himself. He is he is he is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile catechesis. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a little too hot. Sorry be more that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of 2 of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello everybody Welcome to Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name is Father Andrew Strobel. This is not a podcast about cats. It is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today and today and today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is this is this is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen. It's called a mind all those who promise to pray for Hope is the theological virtue by which we desire the kingdom of heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing all our trust in Christ promises and relying not on our own strength, but on the help of the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive for Holiness we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but not yet guaranteed. And there are three conditions needed for the virtue of Hope first and active pursuit of God Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into this. If you haven't heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make a podcast. So let so let so let me go ahead and explain a little bit to you. It's completely free to do there's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. So it's really really easy to do. Do anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so many more you can also make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast and one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at evolve church. And this and this and this is our podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I prayed I prayed I prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your relationship with God through Christ. Jesus our lord be blessed. I can't go I can't go with this one. Can you is it possible? I know maybe stretching it here. Is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I just quoted second chronicles 7 and 14. We're going we're going we're going to finish this series the series next time next Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I got to teach this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which I really really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast on the first of the month because I think it's a whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are here. There are so many people that didn't see out last month and you've got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and you can make a difference and I want you to see that as something Really really really serious and really something to be so grateful for because sometimes we just take things for granted. We stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for to find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here. Yes, I am. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now that we're in a new setting which you'll Be announcing shortly. We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah for the good week. We've been busy lots to talk about. Yeah, it's and say, you know already mentioned we are in our new home. So first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Manson and his followers made sure this era of counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer of 69 is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to killer knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time to learn some true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode. We cover a new topic like the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who gunned their way to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety this week. We're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast. My name my name my name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of the things that I wanted to do when I started this podcast is explore topics that I am interested in and I want to learn more about and one of those things is Ecommerce businesses. How do how do how do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get the necessary licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the things that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before starting their business which is why I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of creative nine seven one agency created nine seven one is the leading Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here in the Middle East they work with local and international brands in the Middle East some of which include the names of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas will learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life with less cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes with age. Not always not always not always the case. Do you say that? I don't know who said that I heard it in the song one time. I think Bobby Joe and I have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit. Amen was called a mind all those we promise to pray for. I think I think I think the most exhilarating truth is that before the world was created God already had you and I in mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no other person can or ever will take we were designed for this role and only we can fulfill it and if we don't no one will Father favor and his spiritual conferences rights. No two of us are alike. God saw a specialty in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting to introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an idea that we had talked about in the past and we're just wanting to make it a reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby to the world. So here we are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what made us start this podcast and how we know each other and who we are individually and kind of what we want this podcast to be about and so yeah, it's an introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know us. I'm so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, so, um, so, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard. Elmer old is back Venice episode and we have a special guest one. I think you guys are going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the house Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really good. So I'll so I'll so I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good. Now you called me you have a little bit of a gripe about the results of the presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake was so here again back with my channel Festival selections going today free now, which is the first day starting off with grade 1 action in the marsh novices Chase. Give me some prices on now, we've currently got itchy feet at 9:00 to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at 9:00 to 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed and seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one to one to one for he later won. But I but I but I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band Now by Willie Mullins easy game black art for teens reserve tank for teens melons 16 and so on so forth. I think it's not really a race. I've looked into much myself personally as in going for a horse to the back, but if I was going to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your technical difficulties? So I apologize. I know we had so many people hit us up saying where is the after show? So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having an episode. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up. Have a have a have a good night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name my name my name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, we've filmed first podcast of the of the app speaking for the bag. Yeah, in other words Natalie deleted all the footage for the first one. It was it was it was an accident. I didn't I didn't I didn't know how to work anchor the app. It was it was it was an accident. I thought I was just editing the video cuz I heard is editing the video as you press the trash can which deletes everything that we just did and set up for the past. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm let me give you a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're wondering why you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in no way shape or form in any. Any circle any circle any circle of any group of people and popular I'm not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney movies would put it. I'm your run-of-the-mill average high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell that devil who you are today. I woke up and I told the devil who I am in Christ. I am complete in him who is the head of all principality and power. I am I am I am alive in Christ. I am free from the law of sin and death. I am far from oppression and the enemy cannot come near me. I am I am I am born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I Am I Am I Am Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right standing with the father. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of God that surpasses all understanding greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. I have received the power of the Holy Spirit. I have put up the old and put on the new I have been given and it's been given to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply all my needs. According to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like I like I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple weeks. This will not be one of those. This is going to be a nice long discussion because we're going to look back at Lamar Jackson, which means it's probably To be more than one episode at least two episodes for us to get through all this chemicals. Like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? I'm good. I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's going to make every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks for having me on Nam im here to tell everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius. Rosenberg's Espionage trial began in New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after the trial the rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today and today and today I'm covering the 1951 Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the US were considered. So heinous so heinous so heinous FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the Rosenberg case the crime of the century before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This podcast is about business Behavior. And the Brain on this show. I do a few things. I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview authors of books. I enjoy and from time to time. I devote episodes to answering your questions. If you if you if you want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on iTunes go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode. So please ask me anything now enjoy the episode and for more you can always visit me at near and far.com. How to trigger product usage that sticks by Janet Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy habit takes repetition to stick but while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook your Facebook your Facebook conversions might be much lower than you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At least. I think they have YouTube launches a very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their competitors and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes. Minster blam. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what a good digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your reporting and your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social platforms like Facebook and everything is within your control. So imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we unpack everything from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and Chrome OS so that you can be more informed on all the latest updates changes and devices. This episode is brought to you by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to figure out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they give you everything you need in one place for free and you can use it from your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really like about anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. They'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute your podcast for you so that you'll be heard everywhere and they have some ways for you to make money on your podcast with no minimum listenership. So if you want to give it a try and make your very own podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up what's up what's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against children. Listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to note. The Story You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any single myth about leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient Greek Legends stories and lure to give you the most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the misogi OC gentle waves lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a child named many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise squeezed in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm good. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay I'm okay I'm okay the last couple of days my back was much better. But now it's really bad again might have been because I try to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not that's not that's not a smart idea. I mean are you I didn't even do that before I hurt my back you're as you see you're one of these people who actually huzzah An excuse not to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that. I've definitely not as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the same thing, but I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So fingers so fingers so fingers crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal now if you don't be a good good start First question. Okay is okay is okay is quite a long one. And normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And we have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale. What's your what's your Vibe right now brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a long day at work. Now. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future and Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British. Pop star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome to today and True Crime app are cast original due to the graphic nature of today's crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today. We're covering the sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa. Let's go let's go let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, hello starseeds, hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time what a time to be alive. So happy New Year. It's officially March and if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a lot of us witches. Really do really do really do celebrate the beginning of the new year in Spring and spring is coming up. Can you believe winter is almost over? You know, it's funny because winter I was just writing this in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Brown and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh character. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond here in South University of South Carolina amongst a lot of things. Would you like to tell us some of those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess but I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first thing I want to go over today is a fortnight hype night and height night plus in Chapter 2 season 2. This is this is this is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team calling all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me let me let me tell you a little bit about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the download the download the free anchor up or go to Anchor FM to get started. Welcome back. It is episode or of the game chat pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme the Supreme the Supreme Court of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber. Welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the Supreme Court's decision not to hear an appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber. Let's go back to the morning of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney Richard Burr in Texas. Richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by smoke Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an effort to combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Service had relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were overworked and understaffed. But many members of the service still believe the situation was under control but Pulaski worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those of the company and its management for their more the views and opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and programming and and strict on but no by at go by in a module on my adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got you've got you've got something to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you. So break that mold from the couch grab a mic and download anchor for free anchor has simplified the podcast World in three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing. They do all the work for you. It's the it's the it's the only opt out there that lets you create and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So what are you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel how Jesus after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in the following day he gets up and he goes to the mountain to pray to be with God to be with the father in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the father in prayer, he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him and he says to him we've been looking for you and Jesus says while I needed to be with the father but also need to go somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting that I would like us to unpack. It is it is it is the attitude of Jesus in picking the day. He begins it by being with God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would be your host for the session. So let's get started. What is what is what is programmatic advertising? You might have heard this term. If not, very likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is in automated buying and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been I've been I've been tracking Sasquatches for 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War II American artificial intelligence American. Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir. Mr. Tree a steal. What's going on? Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on buddy? It's going on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I got on Instagram live last night. We have some issues got on their hopped on had a couple of I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't I don't I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is this is this is your Checkmate your Bohemian guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything today. I suppose, you know critical thinking the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I trust the source? I wanted to say Force but Source critical thinking to me. So actually so actually so actually thinking not just critically about the things that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's so let's so let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In the history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, I ah, I ah, I mean give me a better song title than that. That's poetic. It's from PJ Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city stories from the sea. It's also a number for 31. One out one out one out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig the 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you guys for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are times that I look over this list to see what's coming up and I get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a I'm a I'm a little boy models podcaster starting real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick a poo pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if I missed any please write me if I did. Thank you for joining us on a new episode. Sorry about last week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and hello and hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast with me David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and you Grizzly. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate even a Dave. Hey them very well. What an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 week, one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Park. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb filled with nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. July 27th 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had concluded and the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about the division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel. I do division stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream at twitch.tv slash on diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of the day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark over the eat despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know the meaning of this word. Even if you haven't heard it before that's because it sounds like and is related to a handful of other common words in English, including habitual habituate and have it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a place as in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue is often used for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or Amusement such as pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you are you are you a habitual way of word of the day? We hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and hello and hello and welcome to read book club. Today. We are discussing communism in the family A really important work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to get into this work. But first of all, we'll go through and do our names and pronouns and And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My name is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon from the 60s. You know, the one where they've got the main employees like pointing at himself. It's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of fun. My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name my name my name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 at a cabbie. They choose and everybody get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at a matter of a dock on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original peasants. They tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders by the transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little boy Rider, but today's topic is going to be titled the poison in your pocket. As always as always as always this information on this podcast is not designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition. It's for information purposes only and a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek advice from your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay tuned because the alpha babes podcast is about to go live in 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of tv top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to the after Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days. I'm your host Alex Bowers and I would like to introduce you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda ants we There's a lot so prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy has a question for us later on our special segment and Ashley. We just gone we're vibing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a lot of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and hello, and hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Graham with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants and we're here today on the 5th episode and we're really excited to speak today and have this conversation and you know, just like we always do this is a very fluid open conversation and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for us to speak about and so my question for you just to get right into it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings is my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on here and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using anchor for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one. It's totally free. Number two. There are there are there are creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or your computer number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you can make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad and Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he come from? It's a crossover episode. Yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother listen to our podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's good. That's good. So we're here to talk about atrs the movie but before we get into Addresses when I get this out of the way a quick plug or big plug we are now on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to hear from you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just I just I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance rather than from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at the end of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of everything right. It just has to be full full trust full full surrender and know that you will be legio be guided to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when did disability become so taboo? So I so I so I speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer and also a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled or to have a disability. And also the way that the World perhaps disables us more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born with may do which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's basically the idea of ableism and how the world is set up for people who are able-bodied as opposed to those of us who perhaps can't function in a very specific way. It was so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think it's a really interesting conversation. I really I really I really hope you enjoy it as always. Please do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome to a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian father to Bay Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently sitting in a hotel room in just on the outskirts of Manchester star, which is obviously very Snappy that I've been in Manchester a lot of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels within a small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy needed by every living cell. If there is not enough glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood glucose levels are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows through the pancreas. The body the body the body can detect if there is a high concentration. Enough blood glucose if the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas releases the hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence of insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this process continues until the pancreas detects a normal blood glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is this is this is a bit of a different episode today. This is actually an interview that I did with cave on Divani on his total Bitcoin show. So I was a guest on his show and cave-ins super nice guy been putting out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great people on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with them. So I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to note the first half there was I think we had some bandwidth issues. So the so the so the the audio was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to follow cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter handle is at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets surged in the morning. Hoping that the RBA would come to the table with a rate cut the bank of Japan announced early in the data. They would be starting a new round of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the market expectations and cut the cash rates by half a percent. Oh for the big Banks quickly passed on the right cut with Westpac coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump tweeted shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems it seems it seems they have the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis points. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a Sleepytime podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is the secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon and then written by. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January 19 2006. So we are back in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me, but I guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on my personal experiences guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case at page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not do not do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said these salmon covid is it Brittany American humor then he Cortina mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your I'm your I'm your host Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor here to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point home victory over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the again, the again, the South Carolina absolutely unequivocally had to have and they did and it wasn't the easiest road to victory for South. Carolina they got up big early and then they squandered almost every single ounce of that lead going into halftime and then by the second half things kind of evened out in South Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they only won by 12 and most of the time they were up by like six or something like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a lot of different areas and as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick aquick aquick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may it may it may not be suitable for everyone discretion is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up something about sex with an adult. It's not usually even in their experience unless it's happened to them. This is a public service announcement from 1984. It was made by activists on a mission to make public the secret scourge of child abuse and this PSA was one way they were doing it. It features social workers therapists doctors popular TV actors like the Fonz Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter I'm smarter I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have myself Joakim at Crescent Adam Telfer in the news. We will we will we will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry dot Biz and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz now valued at four billion dollars by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right can't complain. You're good. I think I think I think we're going to rush through this one, right? I'm you got a hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and I've got three quick updates. First of all got to give a shout out to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm Natalie and I'm Jessica this week. We are talking about what we I like to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of view and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week. We will we will we will also of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali A's and this week we're going with something a little bit more aggressive a little bit Bolder just like exfoliation. I would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just it's just it's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her family out of their Fortune. Welcome to welcome to welcome to today and true-crime a par cast original today. We're covering the abduction and forced marriage of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of a salon owner. My name is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie from number 27 salon, and we run UK salon owners today. We're here to give you a first episode of Secrets of a salon owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of us have heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are going to bring to you all of the funny stories you guys Us so if you've got any funny stories, please do email us and we'll give you the email address at the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I will start with my first two because these are the these are the ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to bring them home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed with our three boys, and this is Journey so I decided to do this podcast mostly because Every day almost every day. I get a text message from somebody that says hey, I have a friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you care if I send them your way or I'll get some from somebody that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name my name my name is Christine Rodriguez. And this segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and please keep in mind. I do I do I do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western astrology. If you were born in a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so and so and so if you simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a wealth of information on the internet. And so if You were to nakshatras a way to put it simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin ups, but I'm joined by as always League to go machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad boys of football autobiography analysis the one and only John Smith and mr. D'andr Alpha. All right. But this story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all know Lori mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah big-time manager in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager / comedy sidekick on or near the do I not like that that documentary but yeah goal all-around good guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and it's about celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and brush a little circles around each T3. It's heroines week where every day we tell you the story of a heroic woman from history. Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers be treated fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father his father his father worked on a farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but Dolores was a smart hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his cattle nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do not interpret them as referring to unchastity or theft because these are sufficiently forbidden above they also thought that they had kept all those when they had done or not done. The external act. Therefore God has added these two Commandments in order that it be esteemed as Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie I'm Charlie I'm Charlie and where the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb to the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters setting conflict in irony in the short story lamb to the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald Dahl. He was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most famously known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has sold over 250 million copies worldwide. What a what a what a legend now, let's talk about the plot Expedition begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her house for her husband turned from work. It seemed to be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just I just I just wanted to say that you guys have been awesome. Everyone has everyone has everyone has been amazing with the comments with the reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of Creepypasta myths so I wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story to send it off, but I wanted to thank everyone again and all the people who commented like grumpy girl. 1081 the 1081 the 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, hey they have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali 93 and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have been amazing. I've been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So a good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone. It's me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr. Munsch. Hey everybody and we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move dirt that they don't make Bulls go to sleep to monster trucks buried so scary Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, folks enjoy this episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Munch. Mmm. How did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might have been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're hope you're hope you're doing well. Brother. There is Sean Stephenson. That's a that's a that's a bit silly talk sports. Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back. Once again. We're on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should you should you should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob Thomason. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey want to give a shout out to all you listening to the podcast. Thanks. We actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we it's we it's we started this and we were like Hey, we're gonna just make a thing for ourselves for Creative outlet and we've actually had a lot of people we don't know listen to it and people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing Elvis things for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send us an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if guys, if guys, if you have any thoughts so far if you want to critique us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose its rose its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell you about anchor what's anchor well, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple. Podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and hello and hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast. I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more important aspects are actually having a service to host and distribute the show as well as software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only not only not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty interesting topic. We're going we're going we're going to be talking about cheating in bass fishing and meters cheater cheater pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's on it's on it's on fire Patrick. No, it's / higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are. Welcome back to another live stream / podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I want to thank you. As if you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back to the all in entrepreneurs podcast. This is this is this is episode 48 baby. We're almost we're almost we're almost about to hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so so blessed to be here to be an instrument of service to all of you. We're instruments we're instruments we're instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and today's subject is growth or Comfort. This is one of his favorite subjects. You can't have both you have to make a choice. So I so I so I can't wait to get started. This is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at the age of 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other businesses along with Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to be on this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google podcast and many more you can also make money from your podcast. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM to get started at every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them 10 times the value that they expect will comes to mind is my book The Five AM Club. I spent I spent I spent four years on the five am Club. I rewrote it over 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is your first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American money management, and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth strategy. I thought this episode was going to be about our investment in United Technologies, but a bunch of things that happened this week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode. Obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio to talk about We've got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we also have into its seven billion dollar purchase of credit card, but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed in this podcast for those of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of American Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as a portfolio manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known as in the house. Are those guys just follow up. They said that when Lee was running very fast and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to start running after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. I don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We believe that there is this life we can live that that's just a little bit further than where we are that if we get enough power we can we can live this life that is extraordinary. And and and so Way we think about this as we kind of got if I can give all of myself and be disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of life. Then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary. It's kind of its wild into us it was widened to you. I think I think I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This podcast series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is our desire at youth Ministries to see you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th march 6th march 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter 14 verses 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and cried and the people wept that night in all the children of Israel complained against Moses and Aaron and the whole congregation said to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I evidently, I evidently, I can't talk. It's everything you need to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a treat for episode 96 today over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content the good old boy from Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you are you are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories on the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some humor and a little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're looking for. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of it show. I'm your host Louise Clark a certified parent coach known to many as your parenting partner as a mom to three teenagers you can bet. I've probably been there done that and heard it all trust me, they'll be few things that I haven't experienced firsthand. I created this podcast because I just love to help moms like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes after they get out of school about how they couldn't do their taxes and how they wish school and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody teach them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called basic math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how to add and subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line them up in a column you add some together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were taught how to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You were supposed to read them. You read you read you read those directions and you follow them. So you were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that in school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more wella more wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some listeners may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13. The small wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the coastal storm screams reverberated from within and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds was in labor with her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived nearby whispered that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs of eyes that watched on in horror from the corners of the room. She couldn't provide for another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back welcome back welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since I must mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story right last weekend. I went back home to dinner right then. My mom asked me a son you are doing this. Ian, what ian, what ian, what is this? Hahaha, so I'm clearly a very bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're doing this podcast bro. 31 episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 able Way episode 31 3 a dress, you know we Chinese people and we don't like the number for all neighs now today. We have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot of you who've been listening. I've been wondering when in this season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting ready to do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java have and had a had a thought want to get out of my brain. Working on some you know functioning on fumes these days, but I wanted to get this out there. Had someone message me on one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision. They wanted they wanted they wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not ideal. They were they were they were going to have to travel. A couple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't do that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor from Sydney and I'm kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And yeah, hi. So I'm Andre and with bedre, I am an actor. And I would say I'm I would classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an emerging artist. We are all about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we can confirm. Yes, so I am an actor but I also delve into Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast video series. It's your it's your it's your boy Sasha. I appreciate I appreciate I appreciate you guys tuning in today. First off. Wow. What a crazy week in the sports card market and World. It has been it seems like all cards in general have gone up and a lot of the specific cars that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone up significantly. So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's actually really interesting last week on the episode. I was I was I was talking about how Luca don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going for 272 $280. Now, this was February 27th. Currently the currently the currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright it's Alright it's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm fucking pumped right now dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me. We have a we have g hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and he got Phillips. Hey, what's up? And then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now and until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran. I'm a Bailey. I'm playing Tucson and he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's at Aaron and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's literally, he's literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our sponsor. Anchor if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets for you can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not there yet. And we definitely just want to thank everybody for the support and for showing us so much love. It was really appreciated and it motivated us even more to talk about today's topic. Which is which is which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why I asking like what in the world does not even know like what is my insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics that go under insecurities and I feel like a lot of people kind of take that in just one way which is like how you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with thoughts and insights for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here with me this week. This episode this episode this episode is sponsored by anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses to make this podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way to start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will also distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more podcast platforms. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place. Don't free anchor app or go to a Pratap FM to get started this week's lesson is entitled. This is this is this is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're going to be going through a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for this meditation is to be laying down on your back with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can also do this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to make sure that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if you have your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair have your feet Flat on the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So once you find either you're sitting or you're laying position with your hands, I want you to find your navel. So with your thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN app TV top now let the buzz. What is what is what is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back welcome back welcome back to our dare me after show. Today. We're going we're going we're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of War. This is the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real and we have so much to talk about. I'm your host Taylor grades and I am joined by two amazing panelists tonight to my left. We have Ashman what's up guys and to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited to do the adding to my bathroom. You're glad you're glad you're glad I guess okay. I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle right guys, what did you think of this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy chat. Mmm. Amen. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I am Laura and today you get the pleasure of getting to know cat more. Oh cat is so great. I just want to let you know that she's one of the most loving and complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her with anything. I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like Laura knows. My number one. Love language is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures the best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you okay, you okay, you know like to keep it real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't I didn't I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice that real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like you that much yet. Are you are you are you reading the same know you always you always you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with Sean and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things they go through we are excited for today's episode. We've been getting a lot of requests for people to clarify what it is. When we when we when we ask the other couples. We interview what Their Love Languages So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, what ours are and why we think they're important. But before we get into it, if you guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it on whatever platform you're listening that really helps us out and We love hearing your feedback as well. So the idea for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and hey and hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How are you? I'm good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good. It's been it's been a pretty eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we recorded this coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is actually hints to everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this little Snippets recorded after your episode. Halftime, so we actually did have our guests on a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when he was here because of the way that you know, this Gus could make it around but you know, we're recording the intro after we record the actual episode. Typically. We like to record the intro this this snippet part without the guest even being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works. So usually so usually so usually we recorded before the guest shows up this last step the set this guess we didn't have time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop when it comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast. You name it? They've got a way to distribute to it on top of that. They have editing tools baked right into the website makes life so much simpler back when I started podcasting. It was an entire to do you had to know how to record it where to record it how to upload it pay for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will hook you up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening you're listening you're listening to the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network support this and other shows at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive new podcast patreon only if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there hello there hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a short favor. If you're interested in either of the two books that I have written and I'm about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truth.com books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free and you can get on my mailing list to be notified when each book is released and how you can get it. I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to episode. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to get to a hundred. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be on the hundredth episode. I don't I don't I don't know if it's going to work out but I'm trying but that's good. It's going it's going it's going to be in a couple of weeks. So I'm going to rant a little Bit and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy ideas. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand new episode of fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting next to me is producer Vlad. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes you were sick last for the last episode. That's right. Yeah, because in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually been a while since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice little break in between and now we have to catch up and record one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay though. I love this show. I love I love I love this show. I want this show. I hope everyone in the world listens to that's a little bit extreme, but, you know, I hope a lot of people enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide. This is episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm here to give you the scoop on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests writing me this week to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to introduce yourselves. My name is Caleb. I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So just an hour east of Campus. I'm on the exec board for Outlook our LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator as well Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with my friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph today is Brock Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with myself apricot. It's so hard for me to believe. I'm so glad you've all joined us on this journey. It has become grown beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could have imagined from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go any further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of our virtual CM on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is it is it is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership of your personal development one tip at a time today. I'm featuring a special individual who also is our next self-improvement sit down guest. His name his name his name is Alex Sheen and he is the founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the charity is to give people the resources and accountability. They need to live with courage and honor. I'll get into more detail about because I said it would in the interview, but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are serious, and they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only when we mean them have a listen. So if you look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something or something will certainly happen in the future you touched on something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't I don't I don't really get surprised. I guess there was a time. I think it was my 18th birthday that that I had a surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed it out a little bit the day up. But for the most part very few things surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples must. Have felt here towards the end of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting in verse 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of the week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of the Jews. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the Belfast Giants for Kingdom of the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to gives it home for the Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss in overtime but a little bit of a better return to what we used to last number of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn around We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am I am I am Massimo pigliucci a professor of philosophy at the City College of New York, and I will guide you through this reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero de finibus 331 The chief got consists in applying to the conduct of life and knowledge of the working of natural causes choosing what is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is contrary to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going to do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has the ability to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light and positive thoughts to a body of water by healing the water. We also we also we also receive this healing ourselves as our guy. These consist mostly out of water. People who are connected with his water will also receive the healing. Now. I've been I've been I've been guided to create this meditation to help people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week this week. Okay, we're okay, we're okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't watch the show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this okay, this okay, this has nothing to do with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know about it because she just happened to walk in and the very last episode. But anyways, but anyways, but anyways, I've been watching Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, yeah. I don't give a fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and my girlfriend had been watching it for the past two days. We were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren. I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just she just spilled her drink her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I do think Cameron. He gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but he loves her very much. However today we made it to the last episode. We have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for the session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's talk about the coffee first and then then let's do a little talk about you and finance and where we are. So I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a Friday and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're in this little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of a bar called Holly house in Melbourne self American flavor to it. So it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take some time out of your day to join us as we connect with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to hear about valuable advice different career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please note that this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided in this series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the degroote School of Business or our partners all career and investment risk is undertaken by the individual and we are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me tell you why first of all, it's because it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it could be heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher or any pod catcher out there. Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and there's no minimum. Ownership required ownership required ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all in one place? So check out anchor download the anchor app or check out anchor dot f m-- they have all the information there for you right there. So do it, you know, when you do the little like clip or whatever just do talk about that for like that like mid break part where you put like an ad. Okay. Yeah. Well I well I well I can add and then you do the thing and then we get back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11. What's your name Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood book that this time with added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should drink cocktails because yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You can you can you can drink it with her. Yeah do that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is Eric. I'm Sarah. If you are joining us from last week's episode. We completed the first half of the New York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love and Soon into it. We realized we realized we realized that it was going to take a long time. So we split it up into two episodes and here we are back for part 2. All right. So check so check so check out that one first. We give a little bit more context and I think what we've determined is that the questions are getting more and more intense as they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely and we're in the middle of set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to dude, dude. To duty. I don't know like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, it sounds like bopper and yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mouthing the lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs is that yeah, that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's anyway, what's anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all how y'all how y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did a call-in show. Hello. This is Josh. This is Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today. We'll hear a pitch the likes of which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch sound like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder has is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could turn into a big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds like when all you have are a few scratches on the back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch. I'm Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper and join with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes in on after an Alabama win and seems to duck out on me when Alabama loses so glad to have you back here Matt. How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely sometimes but especially after losses. But today we're glad to be joined by Blake level who's the host of walked on a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night and it's very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job of covering SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing boy? Well, it's funny you guys. Talking about talking about talking about getting the record after a win. What about me? I've got a record after a loss here. So I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this week has been very interesting for me. I also like I've been dealing with some issues one can say towards in terms of anger in terms of when people would say like Darkness. And just trying to find the ways for me to be able to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the positivity that I also have inside. We all go through that I guess so how deep it does the rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's something that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus and to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and passionate. And the memory verse is taken from John 7 verse 37. And it says on the last and greatest day of the festival Jesus stood and said in a loud voice let anyone who is thirsty come to me and drink when we view the invitation to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for Saturday mornings. There's no sleeping in my house because we have a puppy and he likes to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep I keep I keep thinking about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know I know I know her story is going to resonate with so many of you out there. I want you to listen. This one all the way through. If you if you if you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty well at the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes by fast. Now. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug but it isn't please share the episode people need to hear her story. They need to hear about her resiliency. They need to hear about how she weather's so many different storms that have taken place in her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk to you about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so missing out. Anchor is anchor is anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not only that it's free. There are creation tools that will allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. And the and the and the best thing is Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to make a podcast all in one place, so don't If we anchor up today or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Alright now, let's go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up you guys? Welcome back to what's on your mind podcast. This is episode number four and it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for four weeks. I guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun. It's true, or at least it's true for me. I hope it's true for you too. So I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks socks rocks socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the music Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the music for the guest right now. Is this the show this is where in the show now usually might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then the music plays. Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going to introduce him and let's go. That's right there now and now should I play the music? Yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you if you if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place. Hello everyone and welcome to my podcast called condiment morning handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed welcome back to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy to be here with you all. Whoo. Now the Thursday another podcast. So we finally got the lovely lady back. Yes. It's been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm glad to be back. Thank you guys for all your support for listening to all the podcast so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as far as what podcast you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd like us to discuss. So we are in mind that if you are sending suggestions that there that you are not the only person right sending suggestion. So please don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna Just Wanna praise you. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of strategy. So their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, many people come up with great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every year they spent countless hours countless efforts of prepare. During creating recreating the till business plan or even set of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do so, but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why because they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first my first my first of all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah. So anyway, Mike I'm gonna ask you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question. Okay. Do you do you do you think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove the Earth is flat. He said he spent his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said I happen when the rocket took off the parachute went off of it. Like here's the rocket the pair she fell out class as we could have been a fucking idiot. That's what you get for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket bro. That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today I'm interviewing had girl Izzie Wilson about time management and how she does it. So is he do you find it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you have to learn especially when doing gcses and a-levels. So I have some days where I meant to be in three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I do need to have ways of getting around that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down. So happy to be here with you today the music in the background, you know, it's from our good buddy. Mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a copy of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to thank you for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this week continue to send your love prayers. And if you would like to donate to help them it's again at pray for Jill.com. They on the show is one of my favorite the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last week if called on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped right in we haven't caught up in a little bit and I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode 7. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these are two very close friends of mine as of recent. I met them in college and we're all very different people but we get along like great and the thing is what's interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have different ideas. But the thing is were very close friends. And if anything that like makes our friendship what it is. So anyway nollie. If you could go ahead and please tell me about your background how which like of course Walter My Religion because I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, in fact, in fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't know why I made there be so many words in explaining what it is, but I think I've explained it properly in every episode so far. So in season one, we were looking at women who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of like also not Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season we're looking at women leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
6xLwW7EE4j0Mtk0kqs6ksl.txt: Hey there, welcome back. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show uh uh uh um start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side, but don't brush uh well well well too hard. Do we? It's heroines week and every day will be talking um um um I mean about different heroic women from history tonight. We've got the story of kuti Yoon, Yoon, Yoon, one like uh of the most powerful female warriors in ancient times. In ancient times there there there was a uh you know kingdom in Asia called the Mongol Empire. The Mongol Mongol Mongol Empire was ruled by leaders okay um called the cons and could a union was was was the daughter of the great Khan. Kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't kaidu couldn't Yoon was strong and smart and brave and an excellent Warrior.
2laK2KWhOwEHHZma4o2mmp.txt: The Brian the Brian the Brian Golf Show for presented by Cobra Puma Puma Puma golf actual truck. Yeah, real good form okay okay before we get to talking talking talking about anything and everything to do with golf shafts. I got you know okay to to to give a big thank you to the man on the phone. His name is is is Don like like Brown. He is the senior director of marketing Innovation for True Sports is is is golf division I mean so up true Sports encompasses a lot. I know Don that that that you have a lot okay I mean of product not just in the Gulf side, side, side, but true also has what okay okay a Baseball division a Hockey division lacrosse. Am Am Am I am I correct on all I mean you know this before? Before we before we we we before we get going. Yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that is correct. So true Sports, so so so okay okay we were formerly known as True Timber Sports until about the middle middle middle of last well uh year and then you know, we have a hockey Division Division Division. I lacrosse I lacrosse I lacrosse division are Baseball you know um division and they they they are all branded true. So it made sense for the parent like uh company company company recalled to sports as opposed to True Temper sports or to Templars were well um really really really just our golf division. So yeah, we make a wide range of a cross product and hockey we dress players from the states to the helm.
07oEna1kHeEeoZ0JkJUMCp.txt: Hello and welcome back to the jewels fine course. I'm joined by two thousand thousand thousand nine playoff so so winner and former General Captain Josh, right? Welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast been so um a while. Yep, a lots changed since the few years our last Co-op Co-op Co-op view you've gone okay I mean from 3/4 it goes to, you know been very very very rare. You're not been on well so the scoresheet what's changed for you and your career career career since In a few ways ready you know well to biggest is my position on the role that I've been asked to play in the.
0XEvLxcGyInZrvC2NwnW0H.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're We're We're counting we're counting we're counting okay I mean down the top 31 Sports scandals of of of the past 31 years today. We're looking I mean okay back to April 30th 1993 when when when 19 year old tennis. Phenom. Monica seles was only two games okay well away from from from clinching a spot in the semi-finals of the Hamburg open or opponent so like like like. Steffi. Graf would be the least of her problems as a crazed fan with a knife knife knife well um would successfully halt the game. Celes is career for more shocking sports events events events okay okay from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special. Listen Listen Listen I mean uh free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. April 30th 30th 30th april 30th april 30th 1993 the quarterfinals I mean like of the Hamburg open 19 year year year old tennis star Monica seles was only two games from clinching a spot in the semi-finals despite her young age.
0oypCK0pVtH8tjfnl4upld.txt: I'm ready to drink some wine. Okay? All right. Welcome to pardon my snark the the the podcast I mean well where a girlfriend. Gossips to her boyfriend about Caroline Calloway, and and and for some reason um okay he listens. I'm Shay I'm Ryan. And and and and and and and and today we are shifting a little bit. We well we well we well well well I mean are going to obviously still be talking about Caroline, but we're going to to to shift a okay like little bit into some Taylor Lorenz snark and for that we have a special guest today.
7ssR4KyjPBcmZtXXygtdiH.txt: Tripod episode 3 episode 13 I think of the nest so we're rolling with pumping pumping pumping them out um uh at the moment boys thing you don't know about about about this episode is I've opened well well up the line. So at any stage, stage, stage, you may get a call from a listener, um uh even though this this this isn't life and we must stop what we're doing answer well like the question and and and then we'll just continue to roll on. So you guys are I mean mean mean like swept that is this If is this the quad point is this this this or we getting well okay cold. I feel like this - I think this has the makings makings makings of like okay a stitch-up. Do you always wanted to louder into the mind? It's just just just a chapel um uh just as you just smack it down six months months months because I it's been nagging uh like us for the last two weeks weeks weeks. Let's get them a segment on let's get uh I mean enough signal and and and like be sure he does Beauty Show the Blob really wants to talk about it. So I've given him a two-minute.
7rFkj9L0485jt8RQUJYZFw.txt: You guys are the best I do prong collar place for extending time uh uh before before before structured walks. It has helped. My dog's anxiety tremendously good. Yeah, I think I I I uh uh think duration work in general helps dogs anxiety. I think teaching a dog dog dog how to do nothing uh well for long periods of time helps with with with anxiety. Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge um um advocate of exercise like we we we never usually talk about exercise on the show, but it's okay like like I'm I'm I'm a huge advocate of exercise. I'm a huge advocate of proper diet. We like well well well feed raw you don't have to feed raw, but there's not too well uh uh uh many good. Good commercial grade Kibbles available. In fact, in fact, in fact, we've got got got a great how okay so to start your dog on Raw e-book on on on our website that you can buy like so. It's like 1999 and you can can can download it and and then we're big okay you know on engagement games or or or big on training, but we're really big as pet dog. Remember we're remember we're remember we're we're we're pet uh um dog trainers. So as a pet dog trainer most of the time the dogs dogs dogs that we've got five dogs here all lying down doing nothing and they're not tired.
4oFsHnI2XAVTF5DFVxXkUd.txt: You must you must you must tell me all your secrets. Remember we must must must share everything together. Ladies you know so and gentlemen, go go for a wild wild wild wild ride with the want to see cats, but so you know beware the sweetest sweetest sweetest kittens have the sharpest claws. For your for your for your own safety safety safety seen Faster Pussycat so so kill kill wild women Wild Wheels race the fastest Pussycats and they'll beat you to death so far woman Falcon voted.
7xtTe8nQgZHvvRzZnaPDQm.txt: On this on this on this week's episode of the show. We have a 3 3 3 Rojas Anthony is well you know someone who is heavily influenced. Today's yo-yo scene. He He He has been on the podium I mean like. Odium at the national yo-yo contest is is is always exciting to watch be sure uh you know to pick up the signature model. Yo the Dubai CL y w enjoy the episode.
5TjWDszrrWhrXWSXMO0eoH.txt: I'm spouting off. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to be funny. I'm going going going back and forth. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to like so think of topics. I'm I'm I'm gonna from time to time talk about beating a wife like okay on on on Yeah. Well, yeah, well, yeah, well, yeah, it's not because I do beat my wife wife wife. It's because it's because it's because well you know I don't have a wife to to to beat. Yep, you heard it here water pouring in so uh a glass. What's up up up mother fucking motherfuckers. This is this is this is how we're going to start um like like like this pod with water dripping and 2f words. That was dank. We we just just just you know like started. It's actually been rolling. Alright, how art thou bitch-ass bitch-ass bitch-ass motherfuckers? I'm on one. Yeah um well. That's a that's hot. That's hot. It's good stuff. How you started podcast hot. Are you good? Are your.
0jySwAiUIrzjYwKQl4zmrp.txt: Due to due to due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion discretion discretion is advised this episode includes well well discussions of murder necrophilia and assault that that that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme you know um Caution for children under under under 13, Saturday, May 10th 1969. It was it was it was a good day for for for I mean um fishing though. The sky was grey and pregnant with forthcoming rain snow snow snow melt from the mountain so you know swell. ELD Oregon's long Tom River River River with oxygen-rich water. It was the perfect condition well okay for fish right for the catch catch catch. Alone angler stood in the cold muddy water searching I mean well for a spot spot spot to drop his line as his gaze traveled down the river his I caught caught caught okay well something unusual a shadow just beneath the surface something large bigger than a a a fish too bright to be a log or a rock. It bombed it bombed it bombed and twisted in the.
0K28aoL9zxb0TQDqdRKJPA.txt: Welcome to this tutorial project podcast where we talk about human child trafficking uh I I I mean this episode is going to be about adrenochrome. And if that has actually actually actually you know well played a huge part in the human trafficking that we we we see in America today. So um so we're actually going to be be be speaking about how we have evidence and different theories uh uh about how adrenochrome adrenochrome adrenochrome has infiltrated the United States as a huge industry. Especially with in so well well well Hollywood. We are we are we are going to give you some facts about this whole whole whole situation after these uh uh sponsored messages. Here's where we give our shout out out out to Anchor if you have heard like well about anchor is the easiest way to to to make a podcast. I'll explain I'll explain I'll explain real quick and so like let you you you know that it's completely free. There's these creation tools that allow you uh I mean to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer. It's super easy and anchor.
0sdiTdxV9YADcBp1A8hQsl.txt: Welcome to salvage our I'm your host LC along with two of my my my closest I mean you know friends Jay and Sarah. Yes, I'm gonna leave here. We're We're We're going to feel better and um um that are to do right fucking Savage. This is is is sad, but shower a podcast uh um where we sit with ourselves each other and special special special guests to share the Journey so well of going from said, bitch. That bitch bitch bitch in this first episode Jay uh um and I roll around the ideas. We We We have about relationship to others and relationship to sell uh you know for six years years years. Yeah. It's kind of like being divorced when you kind of uh you know have have have to go through and learn things over again. It's the world is uh well because you you you kind of lived in that incubator for a while. Yeah, that's um I I I mean not really the real life. It's just it's just it's just like like like you build with someone. Yeah, well you know and it's yeah, it's just different part going along exactly like being being a.
4a3trVeENcM3dLnVJMntlc.txt: A single sardine cannot do much on its own accord. However, it has been um um um um told I have read that back in the day a massive School of sardines sardines sardines um well underneath the Golden Gate Bridge was powerful enough. Enough a school of sardines sardines sardines was uh well powerful enough together to force a large boat to stop in its tracks and and and push it I mean I mean the other way tile friends. If you want to to to change for better in this industry, uh like if you want higher prices, if you wish wish wish people respected you more as a tile contractor, we have got to band together and unitedly turn this ship around.
7qPPLigaXeKDzE9lUyNY91.txt: Fitness mantra Hello, those two guess haplogroup. Met Javi our job subsea up like well well well. Next podcast is really puts fastest and Mandy Patinkin eiu media apps active active active be active Navajo okay uh may be both active but healthy honking. Hi. Well a a a well a well a big question mark on well uh that hair Chirac Chirac Chirac are necessarily magnitude introduction dating. Maybe sickly a teacher who showed a well I mean mean mean total Bachchan Cooper hottie who was a bad joke is Audrina before the trial actually actually actually you know well opco and they say he'll get it it revived franciotti has on me. So now so now so now you know my lifestyle I.
2oc3ofJDxmI2nLlNYhJHvN.txt: Hey guys, my name is Lydia and I love love and everything to do you know know know okay with self-discovery self-development and empowering positivity and healthy living welcome to unplug a a a podcast okay um series were a child with interesting people about their careers and their their their I mean you know life and their families. I'll be your host every every every Fortnight. So make so make so make sure that you you know like stay stay stay tuned and follow me on Instagram at Lydia know where Lola with like you know three-eighths three-eighths three-eighths of the end and follow as well unplugged artificial. We will behold posting every week week week I mean um. So if you miss a week Weak don't worry. You can always come come come back I mean like. So make sure that you subscribe that you shared this video video video this episode to your friends uh I mean your family to anyone who who who has a need to listen send it to them and I'll um uh be more more more than happy to send you a gift of more podcasting. So I mean you you you know let's get into the podcast. Hey guys, welcome back to unplug. And today I have Katie Katie has actually been on this journey with me.
6e6LyN7z8yusnDrqnE6Hm5.txt: Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 13 of the more, you know know know podcast. This uh okay is no l am speaking. And today. I'm going to talk talk talk about giving like so up Perfection or this idea of perfection for progress. And for for for peace. I think I think I think I think that okay so it's it's it's it's where we find peace when we accept that. We are we are we we we are imperfect like Just okay okay it's The Human Condition. I want you to to to know that every single person on planet Earth you know well is not getting it it it. All right, they may look like they're getting it right uh like like like because there's maybe one facet of their life that they're really focused on and really really really well like paying a lot of attention to but I'm gonna guarantee like seriously, seriously, seriously, I'm gonna like so guarantee that there's other parts of their lives that are sacrificing because of it, right I look at life now is.
5CccnoO1WGVrT8YSiv3UnP.txt: I know what you're thinking. It must be so hard to start a um um um you know podcast. Well, actually it's not not when you use anchor anchor is is is a free I mean like app that allows you to create a podcast from scratch. All All All you need is an idea like so. They've got they've got they've got all the the the creation tools the recording the editing and everything you need you know um including music music music to help you make a professional quality sounding podcast right from your phone um you you you know or computer download the anchor app today or it over to Anchor FM FM FM to get started um uh. In this episode we look at very simple things. You You You can do in 5 um well minutes per day to start changing your life life life get excited because this is Tiny leaps big. Welcome to another episode of Tiny leaps big changes where I share.
1qAGHwgltpTv4igU996HBg.txt: Today's episode today's episode today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cream cream cheese made with well so only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's That's That's perfect for spreading on you know um your morning Bagel. Now where you get get get that big ol should be the only subject you know okay for debate the cream cheese cheese cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since 1872 I mean mean mean like Philadelphia schmear perfection. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the hottest take I'm Juliet lime lime lime. And today and today and today I'm um I mean joined by Craig gains Mallory Mallory Mallory Rubin and Amanda Dobbins and Mallory you have floor. Blast like okay the handwritten. Thank Thank Thank you note into the fucking Sun not just don't send him you know well send send send him off the Earth. What is your problem with a handwritten? Thank you like uh uh uh note. I'm at a hard disagree. Whatever you say cuz I love them like so a a a lot of this is about my personal anxiety about being beholden to other people. Mmm. Okay. Yeah. I just don't.
01D58jn9qXZ01y8pRQX0KZ.txt: What's up, y'all? It's the host of from Mount Olympus your boys do see like like like uh Triple do see you want to shoot podcasts. You want to talk about some things things things you I mean you know want to tell some stories. You want to to to crack jokes and be a comedian. You uh you uh you uh like just just just want to broadcast some stuff download anchor podcast to your mobile device is free free free okay okay and it's easy to use. You can record while you're at home. You You You can record uh you know on the go. Some of some of some of of of you you travel for work and you travel far distances, okay well you can can can record while on the road you don't have to do it at like like like uh home and it's easy to use you just recorded episode you publish publish publish it. It like it like it like like uploads all the platforms that you you you want to use it to and boom. You've got uh you know a podcast in your your your voices out there. So download anchor podcasts. Like I like I like I said, it's free and it's easy to use.
6iiXb9jtiFQZCkX8PWiENL.txt: Hey there. Are you ready to get heroic? Yes good because it's time for for for I mean like Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Start brushing start brushing brushing brushing start brushing on the top of your mouth you know so on one side, but don't don't don't brush too hard. It's heroines week where we talk well well about heroic women from history history history today. We have we have we have the story of two heroines Helen Keller Keller Keller so okay and Annie Sullivan who spent their lives helping people who are blind blind blind and deaf. Helen so well Keller and Annie Sullivan lived a little more than 100 100 100 years ago. Helen was blind well well and deaf which means she couldn't see see see or hear her world was dark and quiet so okay Helen's parents wanted to communicate with her, her, her, but they couldn't figure out how she like uh couldn't learn to speak because she couldn't hear people talk. She had a hard time expressing what she.
01lJEcrZTGWPcH2lPMbxDS.txt: So eventually video video recordings will will come along for this podcast in like like like you know case we need the visual house is trying to demonstrate demonstrate demonstrate jerking off or something like like well that. Yes that specific reason Lots of eye eye eye contact it's really too bad. We couldn't uh I mean have we we we we can't publish the video of what I'm telling the lotion story uh you know because because because It's part of it is like the visual is at least you know, 30% 30% 30% okay you know of it. Yeah, same goes for the football story that I want to to to tell ya uh well but the the it was still funny. I got I got got got I got some messages about that. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I did too people thought that was pretty funny. Yeah, we must I guess.
6cZTRnMg7cFeQcGoEvrpyB.txt: Hello and welcome to the optional podcast episode number 197 for the week well well well I mean of March 2nd 2020. The optional podcast is a show all about about about the latest in uh um video games and entertainment recorded each. Week from week week week from week from New York City and bounce around cables well I mean and and and satellites all around the world and right into a listening device of choice. As As As well well always. I'm Paula to my oh and this week we got to change change change the so well copy but what my one and only co-host is back. Yeah brizard brizard brizard like Chase you know okay Carter in the house. Yeah, you know, they could could could Chase for being here - well you know out to chase you guys guys guys that was a really good episode. Yeah, man. Thanks to so I mean chase again for for for yeah step in there. It was it was it was it was dope to hear hear hear the okay you know show and just like listen, enjoy. Nice. Yeah. He didn't fuck up too bad now.
4EsLbL223DAr05RO3ocEsT.txt: Grand Prince Vasily the third ruler of Muscovy raced toward his wife's bed chamber the the the okay like fateful day had finally arrived. His first child was about to be be be born as uh like he rushed past the Windows. He heard the crack crack crack of thunder and a deluge like um of rain spattering against the glass. He stopped stopped stopped in his tracks like so the weather reminding him of a prophecy. He'd heard heard heard years before if you do um I mean. Do this do this this this do this evil thing you shall have an evil son your nation shall become um um um like prey to Terrors and tears rivers of blood will flow. The heads the heads heads heads the heads of the mighty you know okay will fall your cities will will will be devoured by Flames. He shook he shook he shook his head. He couldn't think think think uh I mean about those words now his sin had already been committed now, he must must must be beside his wife in greet his child in the midst of the Wind and Rain.
2WhmTkmk6Pf3MzOOfGShdx.txt: Before we get jumped into this first episode just want to shout out. Thank you thank thank thank you thank you so much so um for tuning in listening. We hope we hope hope hope we hope you like it. We hope you enjoy it you know you know know know. If you do, please leave a five-star rating subscribe to our podcast that will okay you you you know really help us out especially here in the beginning. We're trying to grow well well well so this thing. This first one really is just us talking about some stories going going going to like well get you, you know a feel for what we're going to to to be doing with um like this. We hope we hope we hope you like it it it. Also a big shout out to Eric case you know so dude. Thank you you you so much for the software that you've recommended gotten us um uh past our our our first couple of weeks of difficulties, but I think we're on the um I I I mean right track now also forgive us for the sound quality at the moment moment moment. That's something I mean I mean we're working on. We're we're learning. We're trying trying trying to figure out how to edit well um it and smooth everything out that's that's that's best for your ear holes so that so well you can enjoy the the the podcast as much as we do. Thanks for hanging out with us again. Like the podcast subscribe to.
5IGfqI45we6zLqP3SdKYPV.txt: This episode this episode this episode of bricks and buckets podcast has been brought to to to you by anchor um so the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain explain explain guys. So it's so it's so it's free so like their creation tools that allow allow allow you to record and edit the podcast right from your phone well I I I mean or computer through their app. They will they will they will distribute distribute distribute your podcast on anchor so that you know uh it can be heard on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and any other streaming service you so like can really imagine you you you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and like so it's it's it's everything you need to make a podcast. In one place just on their okay okay okay so app. So guys go download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor dot so you know f m-- to get started. What's up, everybody? Welcome to bricks bricks bricks and buckets podcast. We are we are we are okay okay glad and and and excited to be back for episode 2 we out here recording uh uh just having a a a good time. We first off on our Instagram we decided that we were going to shout out our 100th follower. Yes, sir. We very quickly.
2uH1NtNsmwrCPaEVKCy0zG.txt: Hello, this is Mars lover in the all-new all-british basketball podcast BBL lab today you you you know you know. My my guest is Kyle Curry who formerly played for the the the now folded London so you know City Royals and we are we talked talked talked about who he thinks is going to win um uh the BBL Championship his toughest toughest toughest opponents and how it was playing for the uh uh Royals and more. It's It's It's another it's another it's another short one. It's going it's going it's going to be be be about five minutes. No, I mean like well that's segment is going to be about about about five minutes, but the whole thing's you know you know a whole show. Hit Hit Hit when you'll see how long it is about not listening to it well um um um. But before we get into that, I'm just going to cover. The oh, the the the oh, the oh, I'm just okay okay going to run give you a rundown of the the the all the games this weekend and I I mean um will I'm going to to to talk about something else as well. So first game and okay okay the Wolves beat beat beat the flyers in an overtime game 80 to 85 and that was the first of a doubleheader for Bristol flyers and.
12U3BJjMENejs7ljdo3Jz0.txt: Hey everyone, before we continue with the show. I wanted to take a okay okay okay okay quick minute and talk about one of our sponsors. Anchor. If you haven't haven't haven't heard um like about anger, it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast why you ask let you know I mean me explain it's free. There's creation tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um you know right from from from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it um okay okay okay can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more apps. You can also you you you know like make money from your podcast with no minimum. Starship which starship which which which starship which is pretty huge you you know I mean guys it's everything you you you need to make a podcast in one place download the free like like like like anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started back to to to the you know um show. Hey there, how are you? I hope you you you are having an amazing wonderful day or evening depending on when you're listening super quick update.
5KNJcwdo2eSDR5Est1Jw2l.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen to to to well uh all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without without without like like a premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on on on every imaginable topic so well plus you can follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss miss miss an episode I mean so premium users can download episodes to listen to offline offline offline wherever and whenever and easily you know like share what you're listening to with with with your friends on Instagram, so if you well I mean haven't done so already already already Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal well uh Health daily daily daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure uh so to to to follow me. So you so you so you never miss an episode of Optimal Health Health Health daily. This is so I mean Optimal Health daily episode 949 mechanical advantage drop sets sets sets the smart way to build muscle uh okay fast by John. Romanello of Roman Fitness Fitness Fitness systems.com. And I'm dr. Neal Malik reading you some of the most popular health and fitness.
0GnqEbMTBQyOGk7SCgBnFR.txt: A visualization this week will take place in Venice, Italy. Before we begin, begin, begin, please okay so find your most comfortable space. Take a few moments to focus on your breathing. To feel to feel to feel grounded and centered.
6YZ4j1CHuUBFZeyT7W6gez.txt: Being an being an being an expert sucks as a teacher of spiritual spiritual spiritual intelligence and emotional health. I get um so cornered into being the guy who has has has all the answers. I'd like I'd like I'd like to take this so okay opportunity opportunity opportunity to make a confession. I don't what I do have our convictions. I I I have theories um okay. I have questions. I find myself looking around and I'm like, we we we can't stay here like okay. Stop setting up your tent. We can't stay here here here through my journey. It's become evident like I mean that A participant is no longer longer longer enough. It's time to become reformers. These are my uh so confessions. To get get get deeper in this conversation visit Mike Myers show.com Hello and welcome to so you know know know today's episode. I'm your host Mike. My Shero. We're going to talk you know you know know know about Prosperity today you guys before we get into it though. I want to just mention that the weather and reading is nice and sunny.
4aGheKe4V1m8yLnCgCVv4S.txt: Hello. Hello my True Crime people. Welcome to Mommy's crime time. It's Jenni and and and um uh I am ready to talk about some crazy shit. And that and that that that and that is Leticia stop who well um has just been arrested this week week week for the murder of Gannon. Now, if you like um follow me at all then then then you know, I have said since day one the like like beginning that that that she was guilty get. T they tthey tthey call RT guilty, yes, we we we all um you know knew she did it. We have been waiting patiently and impatiently impatiently impatiently for her to finally so well be brought to justice for what she has has has done and be arrested and it has finally well well happened and although we are rejoicing the fact that this psycho batshit crazy woman has finally.
0aLId9QzbNH11JlTjnySlf.txt: When Marnie when Marnie when Marnie and I force are doing our podcast we we we had nothing to do with uploading uh like it and putting it online. But But But now we do it was kind of complicated so um and confusing it was was was nice to have it all done for us and we well uh went through a few different different different platforms, but eventually we found anchor dot f m which uh well is awesome and who who who we currently use now it's free. It's got creation tools I mean uh that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or well you know computer. Anchor will also distribute your podcast for you so so so it can be heard on you know you know Spotify apple pie. Podcasts all over the the the place and you can make money from your podcast well you know with no no no minimum listenership. So if so if so if you have a hundred listeners a a a month, guess what you know okay you can so make a couple of bucks from from from that and I think it's worth it well I mean all the other sites make make make you pay to upload your podcast and do not get I mean I mean mean mean you money in the process. So it's everything that you need to make a a a podcast I mean well in one place download the free anchor app or go to to to Anchor dot f you know so m-- to get started. So my brother and I have been having this little Feud back and.
4Ip6tumAJ6VL26bojRxQVl.txt: Hello everyone. This is this is this is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt disrupt disrupt Meister. Welcome to the one okay you know Bitcoin show. Today is March the first first first 2020 strong hand golden age of okay um the 2020s baby had. Height we're we're we're going to talk about that some 80 percenters were okay okay talking about about about it in motion value your wealth in Bitcoin be a unique beast on um um um like confiscated Bible low my Elite friends marches here. Oh my hey this week in Bitcoin. The last one in February or was legendary.
6qzBY3QlFYDFeoVOa5qTZ3.txt: Yeah, the fucking mushrooms are for Koozies. I need that. Well don't well don't well well well don't literally have so um Koozies in my nightstand in my dresser. Send me me me the Koozie send me the you know I mean Koozies know send me yours yours yours that I stole McDonald's. Oh, yeah. I've like I so so stole that from Krista, so so so don't take it there. She'll take she'll take she'll take it back. I know know know make uh like sure you give me a Mardi Gras. Kuzey, please kuzey, please kuzey, please please please I will okay, and also I okay like have TVs on my counter. I got got got cookies on my counters, who's they like well also have random Koozies from like friends friends friends weddings that you've gone to I dig it um you know. I dig it. It's fucking fucking fucking like so okay. I may have shot the wedding's uh I mean it may may may it may not even like been friends. I don't know. I just okay okay okay okay know that when we went to Niki's wedding we did a koozie were who could could could I mean uh steal the most Koozies and Monty had like nine nine nine of them half over okay so half of them are already his at the end of the night. Like I just kind.
4sXKXb9Rr2ggX7JxL7AKgl.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Alex Stewart. Hi, my name is Hayley Bachmann and well well well so we are to a mature relationship Scholars. Our aim is to provide you with okay okay okay well well research in sight ideas personal anecdotes to help you build healthy healthy healthy relationships where like like you live work and love yeah, we're just two relationship relationship relationship nerd. That's and this so well is you and everyone else. So in our first first first episode we kind of just wanted you know I mean to introduce ourselves because Hayley Hayley Hayley and I kind of talked about what we want I mean I mean this to look look look like and we pretty much established. We're not famous. So why uh um should you listen listen listen to me? So we thought this would be a good introduction to um like kind of of of who we are what kind of identities we hold and what our hopes hopes hopes are for this absolutely. So do you want to share a little bit about yourself?.
1nuuDAGWRw5jzRFpZ1KsTB.txt: Three. Okay, take three. Welcome to the podcast. My name my name my my my name is Alec. Oh my God okay okay. Jerry last jerry last jerry last last last guy Tony Tony Tony Tony seating first topic. Experiences and in specific so so embarrassing experiences experiences experiences anyone want to carry things in various. I think I think I think he's he's he's okay well I mean. I'll go I'll go I'll go first because because because I got a good one. This happened this happened this happened just this um well morning morning morning. I see I see I see all might know I love csgo best game there is okay. Okay, okay. Let me let me let me pull up.
12R7FJ0NWy3uN9FafFqZk0.txt: Hey guys hey guys hey guys guys in otherwise, this is Jonathan. I resign resign resign I'm Noah also known as polyphonic okay like and you're listening to horns and wings the the the podcast where we read through Saga well uh one issue at a time. Yes, and and and we will finally answer the question. Will like you know we make a a a dragon come wait? Sorry. No, that's our other podcasts. He said he said he said said said uh you know this is the Saga lunch. Oh that actually that still works works works. Okay, that's okay, that's okay, that's fast like you know. How long how long were were were you sitting on that one? How long how long how long was I sitting like like like um on the drag come? Yeah. Well, give me the name of this episode episode episode. That's a okay uh visual. Hey Noah, hey Noah, hey Noah, this is good book book book really. This is a good book. I you I you I you you you know you know just looked at this cover. This is a good book. I love love love this cover this well well. You know what? No joke, this is I think this is my favorite cover. We've hit so far. It's definitely a cover that like,.
5vsJPMuFWiFaeWs8jxp5Of.txt: Coming to you from USL headquarters. This is still some time. Here's the U s-- L's L's L's well you know Kelsey steel. It is it is it is March 3rd 3rd 3rd of 2020 Kelsey steel Scott Stewart here okay okay for season 2 of of of steal some time. It's like we blinked all of a sudden the you know I I I mean 2020 season is upon us. We're just days away from opening weekend. How is is is your off um um season first and foremost Scott. Do you do you do you you you feel kind of refreshed ready to go? Just blacked you know okay out and and and then woke up and it was like we're about to kick off you know know know like and I was like, oh good good thing I woke up in time time time. Then I mean so sort of like a Sleepy Hollow thing God. I set my my my alarm. Yeah, and I um so think the remnant or like the remedy was was was like a rowdies preseason game or um okay something. I showed up and I was like, like, like, whoa, we're like it's like what's um um happening? This is happening there soon soon soon as they beat Montreal. I was just like like okay yeah, we're back in the the the swing of things. We are good for real like so back in the the the swing of things were back here every single Tuesday through whatever platform you choose to follow us there whether it's I do.
4Z965BhWul0GYywMHohaXT.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give give give you you know okay guys a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen listen listen to all of your favorite artists and um you know podcasts in one one one place. That's for free Hallelujah. No premium no premium no premium account necessary Spotify has has has okay I mean a huge catalogue of podcasts on every topic including the one one one you're listening to right okay um now and you can follow those podcast. So you you you never miss an episode you well okay can share what you're listening to with with with friends on Instagram. And if you are a you know okay premium user you you you can download episodes to listen to offline no matter where you I mean you know know know are. So if you haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app so so so well search for optimal relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library library library Tab and give us I mean um a follow. So you never miss an episode speaking speaking speaking of which let's see what uh uh we've got on The Ledger today. This is is is optimal relationships daily episode um like 647 what I wish someone had told me me me right after my breakup part 1 by Eddie korbanot of loves a game.com. Hello everybody. I am Greg.
7vfnLgfVgyoKW1fx2ABk3t.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 12 of the how to become a personal trainer podcast podcast podcast um uh with your host Michael piccante. My name is Jordan sigh it and in in in this episode okay well we talk about the pyramid that you need to know for muscle muscle muscle gain, essentially the um I mean order of importance for you and your your your clients to make sure that they're building like um muscle as quickly and efficiently as as as possible. Enjoy the episode. Hello, Jordan. Hello, Michael well well. This is not a a a one-take show. This is the first-ever. We were one so like minute into the podcast and and and then I realized that we have a little bit so uh of of of a new setup here and our audio engineer extraordinaire David has certain rules and and and regulations okay um around the set up and I realized that I hadn't set set set it up properly so um to par. But now but now but now we are good to go. We're only 45 seconds in but you were saying.
1ll5WGWjWANfGKHZfrpL5A.txt: If you're ever in deep deep grief and you wonder how to move on okay okay okay you know I'll say this till till I die. You only have the next breath breath breath. That's all you well um have. The current the current the current heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat and the next breath. That's all you got. What's up, y'all? so you so you you you so you know Welcome to the Grainger Smith podcast episode 21 and technically for the people people people watching you know like on YouTube for you. This is this is this is episode 2 2 2 there were 19 episodes on your okay you know normal podcast app, which which which is you can find it on Apple music. I'm um uh not sure about Android. I can't answer that. I wish I could but for everyone else.
7Bcdj9uBKoLBlLxf4RrQxo.txt: Today is Thursday, March 5th 2020 on this day in 1991. 11 year year year old patient. Timothy okay timothy okay timothy okay uh Hardwick was admitted to the hospital hospital hospital after suffering from epileptic seizures. He would uh so die in the care of of of nurse Beverly allit only a few hours later well uh. Welcome to today and true-crime true-crime true-crime a par cast original due to the graphic nature of today's you you you know I mean crimes. Listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under under under so uh 13. Today. We're discussing Beverly allit one of Britain's most notorious female serial serial serial killers who was like well later nicknamed the Angel of Death from February to to to April of 1991 aled killed for Pediatric patients and attempted to murder at least three others.
4oAbA5OwdGsOVzqSqHvEJg.txt: Hey, what is up CI squads? We're back. We're back with another episode, 's 's 's I'm uh okay pretty energized right now. Just got off the back of doing doing doing some live training you know so to Bluestone College. I did four locations in in in one hit which is the power okay um of the internet and amazing technological breakthrough breakthrough breakthrough where you can be in four you know like places at one time. So very very very very exciting stuff and that's kind of inspired you know okay. Is this this this little podcast that I'm putting together for you today? But before but before but before we we we uh like get into that, I want to give a shout out out out so over the last couple of like I mean weeks. I've been running running running a little bit of a giveaway. So for anyone um like that leaves a a a review on iTunes and sends me over a screenshot. I will okay um enter them them them into a draw to win a little little gift from me. So I I I just I mean like been scanning the reviews we've had some new reviews come through and I'm going to pick how.
4jHnCLXvE3NNTuOCwkH7qi.txt: Hello, beautiful souls and welcome to the aura room and inspiring space for divine divine divine spiritual Seekers um so looking to enter their souls calling and aligned with their their their purpose. I am your host um so e let Louis and I'm here to to to help you find your light and awaken well like to your truth together. We We We will cover a multitude of spiritual topics share stories okay uh and deeply dive into what what what it means to be a soul having a um so human experience. So come on in in in and feel the freedom. Qin Sea of Love Light and um like healing energy emanating through your body body body as you enter the aura room. Hello, I hello, I hello, I am uh um um um back. So it has been about a month since my last episode but but but I went okay uh off to have a baby most of you know that that that I was pregnant expecting my fourth child, and I actually had her on February 20th. So I.
7vZyFSn0MbijdXDsZghZIL.txt: I was broke unemployed. I was starting to slouch I was sleeping in like uh the the the basement on my mama's new couch. That's when that's when that's when when when I heard it all a like well chance to skirt. It all a money like like like my last girl. He knees he knees he knees are shot I mean okay. The The The top the top the top graphic cards got a power supply on microprocessor microprocessor microprocessor a motherboard a I mean okay towering Drive. I put the ram in the the the ram slots driving the larger Bay topped you know okay it off too fast. Like a a a like a like a Chargers game like 2:30 I missed out. I fear cruelly cruelly cruelly well I mean assemble a rig like a BP engineer. My friends and family smile is is is like um working on make fun of me, but I'm a make them eat eat eat their words you know so because I don't know really going billionaire spending money money money. Like I don't care mining corn I mean I mean in my underwear. I'm I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna be a Bitcoin billionaire selecting software and reading the notes so like like like. I'm picking out my favorite - like a Penn State coach Rick me and and and I mean um digital wallet for holding all my mouth to read up on okay so so so all the ways to open. Lots of accounts be like Tom Brady. I got I got I got a fear.
38EoTOCXvcvpfbs9huAHiY.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Paige and I'm Lisa and we are near death death death dolls. Did we just you know uh say that each week? We'll be we'll be be be we'll be bringing you a spooky tale. So you create some I mean so atmosphere light light light some candles turn off the TV you are trying to get so you know know know in this ghost pants or maybe some true crime crazy. She must be a good escort escort escort okay well done done. Don't want with bitches or whatever the hell this is is is all you okay well see is the creepy alien going crazy, you know, be sure to subscribe to near-death those podcasts wherever you listen to podcasts through.
1BssSMXV3q1wibvkDw9zym.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Standing Tall podcast. My name is Andrea Ventura and and and I'm so so here to talk about my life experiences as a model share share share my uh uh best tips and advices on how you can become one to discuss news news news about diversity I mean well in the industry and so much more basically reminding reminding reminding you all to stand tall you know okay. Today I'll be talking about who I I I am how I started modeling and made it I mean you know my Korean Courier Courier Courier. Well, first of all, thank you so much for being here and uh I mean mean mean listening to my very first episode. I am so excited. I had been thinking thinking thinking about you know like doing a podcast for over a year now and kept kept kept pushing it off, but I just so okay had to do it Korean situation right right right now is me and my bedroom under I mean so the covers recording this on my phone. Anyway, here we are and I just want to talk.
5fG4VlWnWwzAt6mSs0H7lY.txt: What's up, guys? This episode of the podcast is brought to you by anchor anchor anchor if so okay you don't know about anchor it's the platform that we use to make all all all of well um our podcasts and it is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let me um uh just break it down for you guys real quick quick quick. It is it is it is 100% free. There's you know uh nothing you you you have to pay for it comes with all kinds of creation tools uh okay so that you you you can record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your uh well computer wherever wherever wherever it'll automatically distribute your podcast for you so that it can be you know know know um heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcast, wherever you want to put it it it you can I mean um make money from your podcast right out the gate. No No No minimum listenership. You can okay okay start monetizing right away, which is super awesome awesome awesome. It's literally everything that you need okay you know to make a podcast all in in in one place. So download the free anchor app or you know well go to to to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. Enjoy the enjoy the enjoy the episode guys guys guys shit out in okay so a box and I'll look this way too simple. That's That's That's fucking boring. I'm not you know okay doing it. Okay. I just reason with myself like like like within a week of um um doing that and then fucking a hundred thieves thieves thieves comes out with some shit like that. It's well okay bullshit. It's what's it's it's it's what's it's what's under bro. Come on son. The bomber jacket is sick though. I alright I will say it looks pretty tight. I'm.
0ydkmorWMUabHErinWLTM9.txt: Hey friendly reminder. This podcast is not for kids or people who have a a a stick well uh up their Friday 558 p.m. Sleeping with my best friend's husband. I think think think my uncle like so killed someone in her suicide. I am a sugar baby baby baby. What's your secret? Welcome back to okay uh another week of beyond the secret secret secret. My name is Ace Fanning and I have had so well a revelation of sorts after after after last week's episode it kind of started to dawn on me that. Some people some people some people might be listening to this and getting.
2h6p8z3CLHzkbRGX2hI5B8.txt: It's said that he died laughing but is that really what happened to chrysippus of of of okay you know solely if you enjoy this episode on the stoic Greek Greek Greek philosopher and you know I mean want to hear more of history's most fascinating lives lives lives and deaths check out our series famous Fates I mean um. You can you you you can you can hear the entire catalog all 45 episodes exclusively on Spotify Spotify Spotify follow famous faiths today in okay I mean the meantime enjoy this episode. Sir, sir? sir sir Yes. Yes. What is it that well uh you need? Are you indeed who who who I think you are? I'm not certain I mean so any man is who who who he thinks he is. Well, sir, are you not chrysippus the okay you know stoic stoic stoic teacher who has received so much praise. I am it's about my so I I I mean son phileas. He is of the age that I wish him to gain greater understanding of the world you wish him to be.
6aSwLl1newSyRfOOrjgJ8r.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm world-famous actor / Entertainer Kevin Bacon after putting my career career career first for three um um decades. I've isolated I've isolated I've isolated myself that that that for what what's the point of being six degrees from everyone well I I I mean if all you really want is a best friend. Well, I have finally found found found someone um well. I have a true bond with Randy best low. I I I don't think anyone could ever okay so ruin our friendship. I ran deepest low. We'll We'll We'll kill Kevin Bacon. He stole what should like so have been my life previously on on on the last degree of Kevin Bacon. This wasn't this wasn't this wasn't so so so uh the Kevin Bacon. I'd imagine killing for all those years. He was he was was was he was just some boring guy okay okay Rani gave me the right sir, Frog and and and Toad Kevin. Somehow made this it would well I mean take his career Kevin. You You You have to make this movie Jeff. I need you to go to the Staples Center and pick up the U-Haul. I left there something.
15V4VOjv9w3oZl5VI040N4.txt: Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, it's Monet. And it's princess and we're back with with with another episode of you know you know I'm not racist today. We're going going going to be talking about stereotypes. Whoop. Okay. So today we're so you know know know here with some little special guests and they are going to be joining our conversation conversation conversation okay I mean on stereotypes. Oh Marley. Hi. I'm Laura Lee. I'm the senior senior senior at st. Francis. Okay um you know. And so I guess the first question is is is have you ever I guess experience you know um like a stereotype at least a a a racial one. And if so, what was it and okay I mean yeah I can start start start there. Stereotype for me personally or just very general senior. Well a general one. I see I'm.
4binf19HlONLOyllpvCbiu.txt: Hey Tim here from the Sun solar panel podcast. If you haven't heard about like well well well anchor get it is the easiest way to make a podcast. I want to to to explain. It's like uh actually where we host our podcast at for one. It's free free free. There's a there's a there's a creation you know well tool that allows you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or um you know your your your computer if that's how you want to do it. That's not that's not that's that's that's not how we do it so you know. But I suppose you could anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it can um you know be heard everywhere. That's That's That's Spotify. That's Apple podcast Stitcher many many more okay well and you can make make make money. From your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything well so you need to to to make a podcast and one place. So go so go so go ahead and download download download the so you know free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- m-- m-- to get started. And so well now for the sun solar panel podcast. Hey, it's it's it's hey, it's hey, it's a spool back to tell you well uh about our friends friends friends at Spotify. That's right, you know Spotify for music, but now guess what you you you you know like can find all your favorite podcast there as well. You know, I love listening to my music. I love listen to my.
4jJzg0EzLII1x9KvnsjM8I.txt: Welcome back to another podcast. What the what the what the couch I'm I'm I'm here once again, but other podcasts um you know another one. Yes, that's right. You You You could you could you could okay what other episode no, no, it's not so well. It's not not not it's not it's not the show. So therefore I decide how I want. To To To another episode of I mean well what the coach thing. Is that good? good good Yes, that's next time. You complain about okay um me saying no many many many you do the intro after that couch. All right. Well, let's do the uh uh uh um intro. Okay. This was this was this was the entire show show show you how it's done, right? You know you like um want okay do it it it. You know you know you know you already did the intro. I will I will will will I will do the next intro I mean you know. Why have why why why have why have you been out here from the last time ago you you I'm going to do what talk about. Okay,.
5vqPkIcKTQI4oeTestwmRr.txt: Are you all ready for this? Yeah, I was fucking born. I can't can't can't I can't I can't wait so okay to talk about this movie. But this is is is a effin great. This was like wow, well uh this is like a real real real roller coaster. It was just like one of those old can tie uh well me feel masterpieces masterpieces masterpieces like three different movies in one that we're going to get I mean mean mean I mean into but I know that it was a good movie because because because I'm like, oh okay okay I could easily talk about this for a a a minute. There's a lot to talk about like you know and it feels like are we we we getting into it or my okay now, let's not well so get into it. Okay, here here here we go. Hey everybody Welcome to the 500 greatest films podcast so um. My name name name is Arthur tomorrow. Oh, sorry sitting across from me is my God um you you you know. Mr. Keller mr. Keller mr. Keller knobloch Keller Say howdy howdy, thank you just for saying how do you tell our listeners and our guest tonight? I'm incredibly.
48T1ZNYqPDp7I18135Vvgd.txt: Before we before we before we get started today. I just wanted to talk to you you you guys quickly about uh I mean Spotify on Spotify. You can listen to all all all of your favorite artists and uh like podcast and one place that's for free. You You You don't even need a premium account and well uh that is great because let's let's let's face it. We are all trying to save a you know like little bit bit bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite podcast. So you so you you you so you like okay never miss an episode you can share whatever you're listening to to to like um with your friends on Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to to to I mean well listen to offline wherever and whenever you are if you're like me, me, me, you probably have well uh too many. The apps downloaded already but this one is is is actually useful. So if you haven't uh um done so already download the Spotify Spotify Spotify app search for your favorite podcast on so well Spotify or browse podcasts in in in the you are Library tab. Also, make sure to I mean okay follow follow follow us on there. So you never miss an episode of optimal living advice uh uh uh okay. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, everybody hello, everybody everybody everybody hello, everybody Welcome to episode like I mean 45 of optimal living advice advice advice the podcast where we take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
2wsNdhlBO1F6worsCWWtK1.txt: This episode of wriggles picks is brought to you by NerdWallet. I love love love I love I love nerding well uh out mainly about the Chiefs. Jayhawks Jayhawks Jayhawks soft-serve ice cream high fives, you know that sort so uh of thing, but when when when it comes to finances no one nerds out like NerdWallet real you know uh nerds nerds nerds who offer expert guidance on things like credit cards and retirement with calculators and um um um um side-by-side comparison that help make sense of my options for Your money questions turn to the Nerds at NerdWallet.com.
3IIkG9brkIxghJr4j2D9S0.txt: This episode is sponsored by anchor podcast. If you if you if you haven't heard heard heard about anchor it's the like you know easiest way to make a podcast last explain explain explain so first it's free and okay so everybody loves free things. Like Rick don't you do do do it? Yeah. I mean, I love okay okay free things. So there's also creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit uh uh your own podcast right right right from your phone or computer and anchor will distribute your uh you know podcast podcast podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Pandora all these well like platforms platforms platforms so that way people can hear your podcast you can make Money from you know know know I mean your own podcast with no minimum listenership everything you you you need to make a podcast um so all in one place. So download the the the free anchor app today or go to Anchor I mean well dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to get started. Hello everyone Welcome to our second episode of the alpha pod cast this podcast is made by the students.
6AcpBIWUW4G3z69tVSnKzs.txt: Welcome to see to proficiency Quest welcome to see do proficiency Quest the podcast well well well like for C2 English level students. I'm your I'm your I'm your host Alba Casado a a a student sharing her journey uh you know towards Proficiency in English now sit sit sit back. Relax, and relax, and relax, and enjoy the show well uh and don't don't don't forget to hit subscribe. So you so you so you don't miss any of of of my episodes I mean um. Hey, welcome back in today's episode. We are we are are are we are going to talk about the tasks well um in the C2 proficiency proficiency proficiency speaking paper and their differences with those in the C1 Advanced um so. We already talked talked talked about the speaking paper and how it is marked in episode 2, but I wanted to fully understand that.
6ZZPr8CRFerqbJbm3SV8QD.txt: Moans and groans moans and you and me. Moaning with you within you grunting you you you know um as we breathe. Screams and screams and screams and Whispers as if leaves falling from from from the tree of okay you know life. You come and I feel the hands hands hands of God touching me. And I well uh calm and you fall to your knees and and and prayer. Moans and groans the sounds well uh of making love my breath is a a a fucking that you're not forget. Your breath so I mean the Breath of Life kissing my lips lips lips. You're breathing keeps me high. You make so I mean me high higher than than than the mountains kissing Skies lighter than clouds weighed down by rain. Then you bring the Thunder for my loins.
56KU94hScVCfKhc2bl1jT4.txt: Hi everyone. Thanks again for tuning into the logical Bible study podcast. I really I I I really I really so uh appreciate your support. I hope I hope I hope you're you're you're getting a lot out of studying the so well Bible in this way by by by looking at the literal sense of the text, you know um which is something we we we don't often talk about enough, but we need to we need to um um um I mean talk about it more and today we're looking at. And really interesting passage okay okay okay uh. It's quite unlike everything else. We see we see we see in the the the gospels really so Matthew 17 1 well well to 9, which is the Transfiguration Transfiguration Transfiguration. Jesus Took with him Peter and James and his you know like brother John and and and led them up a high mountain where they could be alone. There in there in in in there in okay well their presence he was transfigured his face Shone like the sun and his clothes became as white as the light.
4TYGYvj8GmLoIpaGEKhCtL.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello. Hello. Welcome back back back okay well today as you have to show here on AfterBuzz TV. What did what did did did what did I say? like you know You just do pause, but I don't worry. Tailgates PhD PhD PhD. That's the one. Yeah. I so like knew you'd want to say the full title title title. Right love it before we jump into so well this episode. I I I would I would I would like to remind everybody. If you if you if you you you find yourself in a situation where okay well you need help or need need need someone to talk to please contact drain they are available to um like help help help you at any time. Their number is 1-866-376-8255. I hope it doesn't spill out hoping it's just gonna say I got you.
3U33mRnDJcXywmBm1hahlL.txt: Welcome to wizard team a Harry Potter cast for two potterheads each week. We like well discussed discussed discussed a chapter from the series with all of our knowledge of The Wizarding you you you know um World be warned. This is a spoiler heavy podcast. I'm Brianna and and and I'm Robin I mean um. We were really excited to go chapter by chapter discuss discuss discuss all of our um so thoughts and feelings about the original book theories, but that's that's that's over now today. We're discussing scenes uh uh 59 365 of Fantastic Beasts and and and Where to Find Them first. We have we have we have some like you know know know announcements and reminders is an interactive podcast. We want to know your thoughts. So, please okay okay okay um feel free to tweet along with us. You can use the hashtag hashtag hashtag wizard team on um I mean Twitter to join the conversation love our blog love love love with 13 have a uh like few extra guy in flying around donate to to to block us create check out I mean um our new Petronas perks or send us a cheering charm at black girls create dot-org.
0eYDYnHQxVRYsvnGav6RKW.txt: All right, I hate doing this but we got to pay the bills and and and I so like don't know how you're listening to this podcast right now. Thank Thank Thank you for listening uh you know by the way, but if you haven't heard about about about anchor it's the easiest um uh way to make a podcast. I know everybody's been locked locked locked up during this quarantine and uh so a few people have reached out to to to me and asked for advice on how to um um get their podcast started started started or distribute it out there and anchors the best way well you know to to to do it. It's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record and like like edit edit edit the podcast, right? Your phone or your computer? You can you can you can have your fans fans fans leave okay well messages. Thank you to those of you that have been doing doing doing that by the like well way, keep them come and keep harassing us us us and anchor will distribute well um the podcast for you and can be heard on on on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch well um more this so many channels that are podcast podcast podcast is on some of them. I never you know like even heard of so it it it does the work for you and you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. You can just hit the ground running.
3KOIKni13xmamjPWZ8WZEs.txt: All right. Good morning everyone. My name my name my name is Alan Alan Alan and I'm Diego and you're listening uh well to the modest artist podcast today. We're We're We're talking with Loonette. Oh, all right. Keep in mind so uh. It's like 10:00 am am am. You open this and I gotta drink it. All right like uh. So So So let's do a roll call. So you got at the end. I'm you know know know uh Jon John. Jon was a real quick. What do you play? Play guitar guitar guitar well so. Okay again, I do vocals and since okay. Marco guitar. All right right right. I'm Carlos okay you know and I play drums. And I and I and I I I am Daniel and I play the bass. All right, let's okay you know let's let's let's let's do a this is our first time doing it with multi multi multi um okay people can guys so this will be fun. It might get a bit low sometimes so just bear with us there with us. But.
020VZpYLp8NdRDibQXjpVY.txt: Make yourself up and dust yourself off. Everyone's Watching everyone's Watching everyone's Watching Watching Watching You know, it's serious. We're getting closer. This isn't over the pressures on to God it when you'll get up.
4h0IrHrLcRKGSu5lMsA6aZ.txt: extraordinary women extraordinary women extraordinary women the podcast presenting extraordinary stories by ordinary women women women from Munich So I'm you know uh procedure right? I am South African African African and I've been living in Munich for almost seven okay I mean and and and a half years and I'm currently an energy therapist but most of my focus focus focus goes um uh into a trauma Survivor community that I started just over over over a year ago. It okay you know was really interesting because I grew up up up under the time of Apartheid. And so I you know well grew up thinking that that that how I lived was normal. I remember hearing Nelson Mandela's name for the first time when I was 9 years old.
6mmxGBhQoZw5iIrngZaAG4.txt: Hello and welcome back into the hard foul. I'm your host Pearson Fowler Fowler Fowler with me well you know as always from Gamecock central.com the bad luck charm charm charm in South Carolina Gamecocks this like um entire weekend Colin Taylor Colin. I hate that you you you have to wear that albatross around okay well your neck, but you had a a a busy weekend. He did a lot of travel. It's you know like much appreciated Gamecock Gamecock Gamecock fans everywhere appreciate your vigilance your dedication to traveling and I sound like like like so like I'm being sarcastic because it's not a clock. In the morning, morning, morning, but like okay I'm being serious because Friday you were in Colombia. You covered the the the baseball game and like like then Saturday morning you woke up and drove to to to Tuscaloosa. Watch the basketball game. And like um then you said you stayed overnight in in in Hoover or Birmingham somewhere thereabouts and then drove to like well Clemson, South Carolina Carolina Carolina first thing Sunday morning to cover the baseball game then I mean um came back back back to Colombia. And the now you are back here in downtown Columbia at nine o'clock on Monday morning again admirable seriously everybody appreciates.
0NAOyVdLVOxHqLV7wbnO4f.txt: Don't pull it out. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do do do not necessarily okay okay stay or reflect those of the company and its management management management for their more so you know the views and opinions of the guests and the the the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2SFK4GMayBvPbeXC1FSASL.txt: Hello and welcome to I've never seen the all see this as season uh uh uh um 1 episode 17 the rivals. Let's just let's just let's just go and and and tell a little bit about what um you know is actually happening here. So you you you are listening to I've never seen the all um um see which is a a a podcast in which this young lady here with a mouthful of okay um toast. Hyah, Heather Heather Heather has never actually seen that will see despite being 30 something years okay well of of of age. I don't need me. I am 3000 nose. Okay on the bottom. Thanks. Where does where does where does I carry have seen those?.
6d26iKO3X3g2HF0K1etnRe.txt: Hello, my name is Emily Frandsen. Welcome to my nerd brain a dialogue dialogue dialogue on musician's health so uh and wellness. It's two days after Mardi Gras. We're all all all completely. It's really cold okay okay down here. But here we are. We are bad back back back in the podcast Studio at I mean um Loyola University New Orleans for episode 7 7 7. I've been really excited and looking forward to I mean so this episode for a long long long time and I'm thrilled to announce that our guest so like today today today is singer-songwriter and guitarist Anders Osborne Anders. I would like to welcome you to to to I mean okay my nerd Marine. No, it's no, it's no, it's a pleasure to be in your warm little we're nerd brain. Thank you, Emily.
3UgnpOpPgqRFWIsA26wmPs.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Jeff Hammer your Law of Attraction coach with with with the dominating Edge you know so today. We'll speak about jumping on board. So stick so so so stick so stick around welcome back. Back everyone in 2008 you know like. I had had had I had I had the amazing opportunity to take a train up the the the California coast from Los like uh Angeles to San Jose. Now I've been on on on a train before. But this was special um well. It was it was it was a Peace Train. The train itself was actually made up of privately owned railroad.
0Bz62IP340MItbN8KLKpAm.txt: Friends, I'm friends, I'm friends, I'm going to interject for just one second. Have you you you have you have you ever thought about starting I mean like your own podcast? podcast podcast You know you have if you haven't heard about anchor uh so it's the easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain first and foremost, it's so like free free free. That means that means that means no money out of your pocket. Anchor has has has creation tools that like like allow you to record and edit your podcast right from from from your phone or computer well well. It's just that easy anchor will distribute your your your podcast for you. So it so it so it I mean okay can be heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more the soap opera royalty well well podcast podcast podcast is on eight different. Forms all thanks to Anchor friends you can make I I I mean you know money from your podcast and you don't have to have any any any minimum listenership. Anchor you know like is everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast in one place. So what so what so what you know well do you do do do download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot? F I mean mean mean you know m-- to get started and now back to the podcast. Hi friends, welcome to the soap opera royalty podcast.
452Ytn5Dn0blMW5ZvtoJud.txt: Hello and welcome to Fitness unfiltered episode 64. So this so this so so so this is our first uh well in a couple of weeks due due due to some scary scheduling issues. For those of you well okay that did notice notice notice they be a large percentage of you that didn't notice but we well you you you know did promise that it would be worth the wait. So before we get into it it it is okay like only right to acknowledge that I'm also joined by Emma and Mike as as as always so M okay uh. How are you I'm fine. Excellent and Mike, how how how are you? I am also I mean okay fine. Okay, so statements of I'm fine pretty pretty pretty much make sure the world goes I mean you know around I think so so so. We are we are we are actually joined by another and we are honored well like like like and excited to be joined by Doctor David. Robert Grimes who is a a a physicist cancer I mean um researcher award-winning science writer and author of a best-seller, best-seller, best-seller, which I'm not just saying like so this because he's they're here. I did actually actually actually say it to Mike off air as well okay you know. It is it is it it it is one of my favorite reads of 2019. And the and the and the irrational type which we all are irrational apes are times I think so.
1eMrFBEvY9gaPhGB3YkM4T.txt: Make sure to check out part one of this series. Thank you. I was very very very okay you know traumatized after seeing a man turn into some messed up organism right right right in front of uh uh my eyes. I just I just I just sat sat sat in my booth we reading the rules again. And again, it so uh was was was so dark in here that I had to use the small lamp on the table table table so so next to me. They really need to fix the lights here. Yeah, I I I also realized I you know well had broken the first rule. Hopefully other other other than traumatizing me. It didn't do much you know I mean damage. This is going going going to be a great shift. The first thing I tried was okay you know know know to walk out but I could see movement in my peripheral vision. They got closer closer closer um I mean as I moved towards the exit the shadows in the station elongated towards me and I got a horrible gut.
3ojAGR54qLPIa1g7vSn4Tm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome back to the heroes for sale podcast. My name is Adam. I I I you know like am your host. Thank you to everybody who listened to to to the last episode and welcome um okay to anybody who is a new new new listener here. So on this episode, I'm going to I mean I mean be be be doing something a little bit different I am going so I'm trying to I mean like like like put together this like algorithm. And so and so and so I just wanted wanted wanted to kind of film you know um and put together. Kind of making it I I I guess is the best way to um like put it I mean so so so I've been looking into like I've talked about in the past I mean um I I I talked about in the last episode that I really am a big uh you you you know fan of the Bowman Chrome rookie cards. So not the Bowman Prospect cards the I mean mean mean you know ones with the RC logo. So I was putting together some statistics with with with the PSA Pop well um reports and then the pricing of those specific cards, cards, cards, so Here's basically what I like um got, so like I was looking at like players players players basically I use trout as a baseline, but I think something that's when I originally made this.
1f6O4AbRyoD1OBzCCxhvHs.txt: Welcome to amazing discovery. No way Kevin's revolutionary new product that guarantees you'll never have have have to open um so up milk cartons again meet the milk Master 2000. Treat your your your fling flang, right? I so I mean am before you're going to see how easy this this this is to do. Go ahead. This works in any milk. Carton. All right is easy now I can have milk every.
2JbcTwI4ffB0gNEDu8d3cE.txt: Hello and welcome to the cosmic. I show I am your host Jason Bolton Bolton Bolton. Oh like uh and I have on the phone Chris Sheridan. Mr. Chris Chris Chris shared in other words, otherwise okay uh known as it's going to mr. Christie, but that's that's that's mr. Christmas to you. What's okay what's okay what's okay you know your name Chris? Chris Chris Mr. Darkness Mystic Mist aggressive try that next time at the casino I I I mean okay tables young and montero's I'm going to I'm going to really date date date myself. They well um call me. Mr. Tibbs Sydney quick to remember that. Yeah. And it's it's it's Sydney. I like to so you know pronounce it. Mr. Sidney mr. Sidney mr mr mr. Sidney Poitier what he really gotta you gotta really get into and a so um um um pause in between there. Let's get out. There's a problematic pause as they surged about about about I mean you know. It wasn't it wasn't it wasn't a stage and Screen. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, stay stage and screen if you wish like uh and there you go you are are are without electricity today. So we're going to you know I mean try to make make make this a brief show. I know you're working on battery power over okay so there there there. So I have a good signal and I have plenty of power. So I think think think we're good to go. And so and so and so we are good to go. We are speaking.
2kyirVCVfkv05DQF6K9ZnQ.txt: Three common job hopping myths and how to combat them Millennials get a bad reputation reputation reputation okay okay for everything they do they get blamed for killing the mayonnaise mayonnaise mayonnaise industry the diamond okay um industry and even the divorce rate myths and stereotypes follow follow follow every generation and none of like so them are immune from job hopping myths industry experts experts experts told Business News Daily that these you know um facts about Job hopping aren't at at at all what they seem here are a few like um common ones and how to to to combat them. One Millennials change jobs after one year one okay okay okay okay myth that some might not know or even care to disprove is that Millennials Millennials Millennials like well jump from job to job because we're never satisfied but data from from from the US Bureau of um okay Labor Statistics shows that employees are actually staying with with with companies longer than they did 25 years ago well I mean in 1983. The average employee spent 3.5 years with the company said Steve Hart CMO of jot. Worm.
5SOCsvDkmw8PjJJ95dl2oV.txt: Wait, I wait, I wait, I can make money off of the clothes in in in my own closet sign like well me up. Hi welcome. My name is Christina Christina Christina Dean. I am the owner of so uh seedings closet on Poshmark. I've been a a a reseller for about half a year. I've like well created an Instagram account to Market Market Market my items and connect with other postures in the community like uh here. I I I will talk about all the tips and tricks I've Stop along the I mean mean mean okay way and really create a beginner friendly guide for you to help you you you enhance well so and possibly pick up your own side gig or full-time gig gig gig with being a like so reseller. Hi everyone. Welcome to pashing together with your host host host Christina Dean. Today. We're going to talk about one of the most challenging parts of being a reseller.
7i91yQRg7RSeReLykjzUeG.txt: Hey guys, welcome to today's English lesson where we are going to be learning so you you you know all about indefinite articles in the English language. Now in this lesson, you like um um um guys are going to learn about singular plural and uncountable nouns and how how how they uh so are used with the indefinite articles in English now for those those those of you you know like who are Back again for another English lesson, welcome back back back. For those of you who so uh are new. I want to quickly introduce myself myself myself. My name is teacher Monica and I'm well well an American English teacher. I have have have a master's degree in teasle, which is teaching English well well to speakers of other languages, languages, languages, and I'm also tuffle certified. I currently teach at an American college and I also teach.
2xHMJI0Cm0D7shGSv677Jp.txt: Bollywood Cop Shop Beyond come awesome here Love Is in the Air IR jockey it it it um um those militia upset Pyar Ki baat aakar. It's great to be be be back with my favorite um you know podcast. The friends cares the hair up they they they are hey, if you are very distressed so I mean Jean Nicolet on movie movie movie Casa de esta Su Chi Bollywood calero cynical carajo uh um the kahane heartthrob Ranbir Ranbir Ranbir Kapoor or Alia Bhatt key run be roughly Casanova so so attitude attitude attitude career path. Coffee popular here. It's liquid. Zalimoon. Kiki relations are linked well so up. Ski Ski Ski bodies ski bodies ski bodies are 90 Arjun made typical run be caressa coffee baseball baseball baseball data, but you know uh then it did not last long and finally they pick a found the man of her life. Walk a socket mijita Kirin.
1dEROp7ckyYmHEcLQ5inZr.txt: I nursing students, it's Dean terpil. And this is the Enterprise podcast. Today is is is Friday, like um March 6th 2020. I wanted to touch base with all of you you you because it uh so feels like there's been a lot going on this week, week, week, even though we've been on spring well you know break. I usually only send send send an email with a link to the theory courses. So okay okay if if if you have a friend or relative a classmate who's in the in your clinical well well well I mean group, but not your theory class. Please pass this information on on on to them or um okay tell them to contact me so I can send send send them the link. This is important I mean uh information that I want all of you you you to have. It's going to be even so like more important than usual usual usual for us to be in communication for you to have good well so communication communication communication with the nursing program over the next several weeks. You need you need need need you need to get I mean so in the habit of checking your BC BC BC email. You need you need you need to check any messages in D2L frequently things could change rapidly as things have changed rapidly over the.
7vQqvPasePM4hVlCvp2QQL.txt: Hi there. It's been a while hasn't it? I'm so sorry that I have have have okay uh a neglected you guys. I'm really I'm really I'm really really really neglect to do but life's been busy Christmas okay okay and then you know know know what January's like and yes, so I've now um okay this is Series 2 2 2. So we've now got new guests, which is amazing and uh you know I've got got got some really really good guests lined up for you guys to listen to I I I mean uh and I hope you really enjoy Like always if you know anybody that that that would uh uh be great for the podcast and you'd like to come on please please please to give uh well me a message because I'd love to chat to you before before before we start. I like so just wanted to quickly just mention the sad death of of of Caroline Flack and just wanted I mean well to say to people people people just to be kind remember people have things happening behind closed doors well well well uh. And if someone's struggling just just giving them a helping hand in missing so I'm not going to say.
1tE1GAJjMNwjseopd47zxR.txt: Hello and welcome to be on the borderline. This is the podcast dedicated to so well well well exploring in a realistic and hopeful way what it's like to live with borderline borderline borderline personality disorder you know well and other mental health problems. My name is Celine and and and I am your host for uh uh this podcast. I want to issue issue issue a Proviso at the beginning of the Podcast which well um is that this this this is absolutely not a substitute for professional mental health and medical intervention I mean well. So, So, So, please seek out those sources of support if you need them. And I also want to mention that I will be discussing topics such as self-harm and suicidal ideation.
3wF2WxFD1Z9h6o01vnvs9q.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode 7 of the poolside. Last podcast podcast podcast last podcast last podcast in this month's like uh episode. We've got got got we've got we've got an interview with John Rudd who is a national performance director director director at uh you know swim Ireland. We're going to be speaking to John about his his his career at Plymouth like you know some of the athletes you coach the Plymouth and now a a a little bit about what okay like is expecting from from Tokyo with with some Island Island Island. I do need to apologize for so you know the quality of some of the the the recording where a little bit of a struggle just getting to secure connection on the Wi-Fi.
5wRgB1PreTfm3t0ku6EGM0.txt: Well greetings and I hope your March is off to a great start. I wanted so so so well to welcome you to our one Community podcast again. I'm excited about this this this you know I mean new way to communicate with the department and what this means means means for DCS going uh so forward as you know, the legislative session is in full full full swing. Our budget plan was I mean um formally submitted and approved in the governor's governor's governor's budget. Into the into the into the general assembly. Also, we presented well well well well our budget before several committees. Although the vote on the amended FY 20 budget has has has not I mean okay yet been finalized. I'm pleased to announce that no additional additional additional changes have been made to you know um our budget up to this this this point. This is a positive step for the department and I mean I mean helps helps helps us better plan and assess our word the next steps will be for the the the so like legislature to Begin work on the fiscal year 21 budget and we'll certainly keep you posted on our progress as we've done in the past.
1wHRMsWVurmo56xd1AcSfe.txt: Something to note all myths have many versions and variations for this episode. We've selected those I I I mean I mean we fell to the most dramatic and entertaining and and and supplemented them with additional Research into uh you know Blackfoot traditions because mythology comes comes comes from oral tradition. There's a wide variety across so um sources are myths may may may not always be the version you're familiar with but we hope you know know know I mean you'll enjoy them. Long Arrow long Arrow long Arrow stumbled through the early early early morning Darkness desperate not to like um lose the trail of his people. He'd been following following following them day and night. He I he I he I mean um was filthy filthy filthy hungry. And for the first time in his life alone. Oh long well well well you know arrows foot hit a rock and he tumbled to the ground known to to to be deaf and so uh assumed to be stupid the orphan long Arrow. Had been abandoned by his tribe in a community where.
5GDHyHd6rMLJEMhFutcLGd.txt: Join me to understand my mind the mind of a teenager obsessed with the the the you know so global celebrity Tom Holland a Spider-Man star has recently appeared in multiple. Marvel Marvel Marvel features marble is okay uh an American film and television Studio. They They They are best known for producing the so well Marvel Cinematic Universe movies based on on on characters that appear in Marvel Comics welcoming you uh uh back to celebrity crushes crushes crushes Tom Holland Edition. I'm Kayla Hurley and I'm thrilled to be talking you know so about today's today's today's topic. Back in back in back in July 2017 my mother Amy and I took took took a I mean you know trip to the movie theater to watch the recent remake remake remake of Spider-Man. I was currently so I mean unaware of The Gorgeous actor who portrayed portrayed portrayed Spider-Man himself, so I wasn't expecting my um okay life to be altered that day day day since then. I've had a huge crush on Tom um you know. That's almost almost almost that's almost that's almost three years of my life fantasizing about a man 10 years older older older you know okay than me back in October of 2019. I met Tom well for 20 seconds that is but overall. It just made my career even.
6atuTofVYF914A9T4Q70pt.txt: Ooh Baby, I like the little baby. I like it. Welcome to Good better best best best I mean um the number one sports gambling podcast on the entire internet and and and podcast landscape and place you know so where sounds come out of your ears ears ears and your ears biggest supporters of okay I mean Dirty Bastard out a submersible dorel Dirty Dirty Dirty Bastard, you know, we figured we just change it so uh up because because because the Mojo needed a little bit of changing as far as the pics were were were concerned well well just a tad not much the the luck ran out of the the the money song that well like that one money song that we've been using using using boy. You better give me that money I mean uh. Yeah that one so ODB was just the next logical place to go to just get us back on track.
76g0MSenCR9SZdxCDaQXmB.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk now okay uh. It was it was it it it was The Buzz. I'm your host Bri and a Cheyenne. I have like like Alexis Alexis Alexis here with a news and gossip pumped and ready to go out and ready uh uh uh uh and Alexis. I'm sorry, Katie Kaboom is here with a special segment dumb terminals, but she was dying laughing so I know that this one.
3z9Kkk9LNEH2TGkilqcPFr.txt: Hello everybody and welcome back to slap cast. I'm your host gauge as usual usual usual okay so. And as you may have noticed this is not exactly our usual programming programming programming well uh a because we actually didn't have one of those this week. But But But if you're um um hankering for your weekly slap cast content, it is here in the form of a cheeky special and today. I am.
2B2Q1RbBjK71DZ8M09IhJR.txt: What is up everybody and welcome to episode number 32 of the Sasha well so so so T show. Yes. It's no longer the for Life training cards podcast and video video video series well you know we have rebranded it is the Sasha T show so so so welcome. I really appreciate okay so you guys tuning in and let's get back back back to business today. So I'm making this you know uh video and podcast right right right after Luke Advantage dropped 30 points 70. Rebounds and well um 10 assists assists assists on the Pelicans now that got me thinking with the craziness of you know, the the the okay uh sports card market and Luke advantages Market in general. What are what are what what what are some undervalued cards of is like okay right. Now that now that now now now that people can go out and buy based on what his base so uh uh uh prism PSA tests. We going we going we going for see what we're seeing seeing seeing right now with all these new people coming into the hobby is they're not too familiar with.
7FvkZDKN5NkayU4dCsmVv3.txt: You're sitting you're sitting you're sitting on the couch with Vincent Taylor. I'm a a a I'm a I'm a colorist for film television and I mean uh everything in between when when when my clients come into the color grading sweet to work uh so on their projects. They They They sit on this color couch of mine for an hour a I mean I I I mean day or weeks on end depending on the project those clients might be directors directors directors I mean okay writers producers or cinematographers. It varies considerably depending on the project now now now our okay so work. On the project we talked about a whole bunch of interesting I I I mean um things. Sometimes it's color but not necessarily and that is what the color okay okay okay so couch is all about. It's a glimpse behind the curtain of film and television television television the podcast uh like will talk about color from time to time, but it's really about about about what brought like you know my clients my guests to the color couch. How did I get to this place in.
1JnsLxgHqv9kv21D5bhIKy.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the late night vision show. This is is is your One Stop Shop for like I mean everything related to night vision and and and thermal optics the newest breaking news um I mean coming out in the market, market, market, but want to bring in the owner of outdoor well so Legacy. Mr. Jason Jason Jason Robertson what's going on sir? Not much and I've got to like okay say folks folks folks that was very impressive that he got all those words out because that was was was his um I mean fifth attempt and the first four times all he was trying trying trying to say is hey okay you know y'all welcome to the late night vision vision vision show and that he Fumbled it. We okay uh this is a this is is is a one-take show. So if so if so if there's any hiccups or problems, problems, problems, it has okay okay to be in the first three seconds because otherwise it's rolling rolling rolling and man he was you know so fumbling. So I'm well, then he then he with the tongue twister there One Stop Shop Man One.
3MqIvx6u7UWjrYkcJI5tXe.txt: Hey guys, if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a um so podcast Let Me Explain real quick first, it's free. How could how could how how how could you get anything so well better at something that's free. There's also creation tools tools tools that allow you to record and like well edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or computer how convenient anchor will also well okay distribute your podcast for you. So it it it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast um you know and many more you can can can make money from your podcast to with no minimum well well listenership. It's everything everything everything you need to make. Podcast at podcast at podcast at one place download the the the free uh um anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get started. Once you know um again that's anchored on FM to get started. Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to immerse boys immersed with the so so boys and be immersed by by by the boys. Yeah, there we go coming at you week so so three, but but but four you probably week one. Hopefully hopefully week one because we've had a a a few if you miss allocation. Yeah. Yeah. It's been good. We're getting better though mistakes.
5Z454HXp7OOS4Rmt4RxuUQ.txt: What do what do what do you do baby boo and sugar live in in in to grow Nancy? And this and this and this is you know know know like a sip and chill show Welcome to the second episode. It is it is is is it is the beginning of uh you know a fresh new start which means means means a whole nother month a whole nother 30-something days to okay so set new new new goals. Maybe meet somebody new this week next week the following week. You like like like well have a 30-something days and get your money up. And yeah, let them them them March Madness big uh okay game and shout out to all my March baby. Shout out out out to all the okay you know birthday babies out there celebrating its its its month their birth month with that being said, happy birthday to my baby, LOL. Oh, yeah.
0BSD8QYmd2mQ1V43uIrU4I.txt: This episode features discussion of kidnapping and violence that some people may find defensive listener listener listener I mean you know discretion is advised. March 16th 1978 61 year old former Italian Prime Minister Minister Minister Aldo uh um Maura stared in shock at his dead driver and bodyguards bodyguards bodyguards. They had been taking well like him to work when the car was ambushed by armed armed armed gunman suddenly the car door okay you know flung open Aldo was lifted lifted lifted out of his seat and dragged across the Narrow Street you know uh. He shouted let let let me go. What do you want from me? But his but his but his captors captors captors didn't like okay reply. They simply they simply they simply shoved Aldo into into into one of three waiting Fiats and sped off. Inside the you know so car Aldo's Aldo's Aldo's kidnappers white the blood spatters from his face and blindfolded him then one of the men informed him that he just been abducted by the red brigades.
4tVNpWFLK9F8vdJztRQAfS.txt: Yo, we back episode 2 no mother those bobbylocks. We here we are with the the the uh okay body lacks. We got a special guest. So what's so what's so what's up, up, up, Bob? Good talk anyways, alright, we're uh like what lady she's got a spoon in her her her mouth. She just ate shaking like um okay a vegetable, but she liked her applesauce applesauce applesauce. Let them let them let them know but All right, you drop I mean okay the the the spoon again. Never mind. Leave that alone. Alright. So what we talked about well well well okay today today is a good one today. Just not back when I'm gonna say say say yeah, you know well we're not racist Guys. These are these are these are are are all just we're saying things that people said to us. Yeah. Oh, yeah, so we had people send.
2GBU0BOSFZX1fJgCGCliyB.txt: Okay, Haley Anderson. Welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Yeah, so listen. Congratulations Congratulations Congratulations on so like qualifying for your third Olympics. So pretty cool to be going to to to 3, well I mean right. War really exciting Really excited to be going to to to this one you you know uh Cycles kind of been different but really thrilled for for for this third Olympics after each you know well Olympics. Do you do you do do do you take time to kind of reassess or do you jump straight back into it? How have how have how have you approached each Olympic cycle? Each one.
6BLGHWcYYQH60cX12AptYR.txt: Hello. Hello and hello and hello and welcome to the siebert's podcast. Today's podcast podcast podcast is number 42. Now, if well well you've been following us over the the the past couple of episodes you would have noticed that you know you know know know we started a new series but the Foreigner lifestyle now, we've already had dr. Chuck Chuck Chuck um well Matias. He talked he talked he talked to us about praying daily. Then Then Then we had Matt Candler join you know you know us talking about fasting weekly weekly weekly and on this episode. We kind we kind we kind of continue that conversation okay well well well. We have the lovely Dana Candler the mrs. Camera. Joining us and she talks about about about so like the gift of hunger. Now the Lord gives this to us as a gift gift gift well I mean as we engage with the spiritual truth of fasting. So thank thank thank you Dana for uh okay joining us right here with you guys. So your your your mom you're a loving wife so well and you've been here. I hope for a a a long time. So you've obviously um you know spent hours and hours and hours cultivating the the the gift of hunger. So so I mean you're going to kind of just unpack that right about that was just gonna fill our heads with all the revelation we.
1tN044BhlPjjiluZ7Wo7UL.txt: this episode this episode this episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of of of pediatric elbow so well dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric elbow dislocations dislocations dislocations usually occur in older children like I mean defined as between 10 to 15 15 15 years old and can be associated with other elbow I mean like fractures including a a a medial epicondyle fracture with an incarcerated intra-articular bone fragment treatment is usually so well well well closed reduction followed by brief immobilization unless the medial epicondyle has an serrated fragment fragment fragment um like in the joint that is blocking reduction pediatric elbow dislocations, make up three to to to six percent so like of all pediatric elbow injuries. The male the male the the the male to female ratio is 3 2 1 these okay like injuries are most common common common in 10 to 15 year olds. And these and these and these are so um um um very rare in younger children less than three years old the mechanism of like like like I mean a pediatric elbow dislocation is typically a fall onto an outstretched hand hand hand as so uh far as the path of anatomy elbow dislocations can be secondary to a posterior dislocation.
6LZnJelH97Gffgz10RdetT.txt: Hello, everyone. Dr. Davidson Edmund. I hope everybody's doing very well and staying healthy healthy healthy. Today like today like today like like we're going to talk about their coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus. But first but first but first of all, I'd like to introduce I mean like like like myself to those who don't who don't doesn't know me. I'm a board board board certified Family uh um Medicine physician I practice in Oxford, Alabama. I see you about about about 40 50 patients I mean so a day and the office I'll still go to the the the hospital and usually have you know okay a census. It's been it's been been been it's been 5 to 15 patients, including ICU and critical heal uh uh patients. So So So literally so literally so literally my patients have been very worried about the core core core virus okay I mean and to be honest who is not been worried about about about this. Okay? And therefore and therefore and therefore well I mean I've had multiple questions regarding, you know, what what what they can do to protect.
68f1rY0Urolyy3IYlsUPxd.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it it it is I mean I mean the easiest way to make a podcast. It is is is it is it is a platform that speaking of which well so uses and it's awesome awesome awesome because it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record so um and edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute well okay okay okay your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and and and well uh many more Or you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum you know okay listenership, and it's everything that you need to make a podcast podcast podcast in one okay um place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- to get uh like started. If you fart on a plane, why would you do that? I was taking a.
2hQUxoBiju6vmoltsNn23b.txt: Today is Monday and it's time for episode 2 of Q and A A A schnee. Ask uh uh Ashley. I don't know. Are we even going to come up with a a a name for this? okay um We'll get started right after this a lot of stream stream stream coach clients and additional content creators have like um expressed interest in starting their their their own podcast. So this is something that is uh okay interesting for you. Let Let Let me talk to you about my favorite platform for this uh you know anchor anchor anchor it is absolutely the easiest way first off it's free. There um I mean mean mean are tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well like like like phone. Or your computer. The first episode of this podcast was actually recorded on on on well um my phone and uploaded all my phone while I was working for for for Amazon anchor um so distributes the podcast for you. So it goes to Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts like 12 I mean so others at this point. So you don't have have have to individually upload it and you can make money with zero minimum listenership. So you're.
1LUAwERMFZTzF1mLwYlgWL.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot of you you you know I mean challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor Mentor Mentor comes in with enough so I mean experience experience of 26 years. I'm here here here to guide you join me as I um uh go along you're joining the words Brendan Brendan Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met the you know well business mentor? Hey, have have have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, so well when I began my my my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind okay you know of host host host how to do it engine. Oh when I was trying to browse it was so complicated so much so that until I found.
0yq1aS2OT8EqrlQDHbrLMe.txt: Hey everybody, welcome back to the project Prima podcast. I have I have have have I have with me today the like uh lovely Kathleen child's and I'm so so so excited to introduce you to her. She is a well okay fantastic lifestyle coach coach coach and she knows a ton about nutrition and I so I mean wanted to to to bring her in today because I am getting so many questions about ways well well well okay to optimize fueling to lose way to be your best self and frankly. I don't don't don't well well feel qualified to talk to about that but I do think think think that you know um Kathleen has a wealth of knowledge. So hi Kathleen, do you you you want to introduce I mean so yourself? Hi everyone. Sure Joy. Thanks for for for having me on today. I am Kathleen child okay I mean. I am a a a mom of two boys ages 8 and 6 and my husband Tom well okay and I live in Boston. We love living in the city. It's a fun life. I.
00v0W2K3d8o68maX79QK2v.txt: Thanks for pulling that up. Let's go welcome back to this edition of days uh uh uh so and days. I'm your host Peyton Brown joined in studio to my right right right is called Snodgrass Portobellos I mean you know across the way from East Kate Kate Kate Simmons. What's up guys and gals to his um I mean right is Omar. Hey Hey Hey guys hey guys hey guys and Owens right is cow, Bloomfield. How's How's How's it going? There? I mean like It is and behind me is roommate cow with if if if you can hear him well you know. I don't know if you guys can hear hear hear him. And then tonight we welcome on uh like a very very special special special guest. He is an OG Natty gang since day one members today one pod. Listener. Probably our number one.
0IC1Chg2euBtX5HpLEx2a9.txt: Hello, everyone. You are listening to walk your truth. I have my homegirl my you know know know I mean boo my love in the building. Let them let them let them them them know who you are girl. Hey, well like what's good? It's Gina AKA AKA AKA high frequencies. Tell him who you are. Like, what like, what like, what you you you know I mean do you do like what U into U into holistic your Ricky? Ricky Ricky Hey Lola. Yeah, well so I do. I don't like to limit too much with with with the words. But um, I kind I mean so of do a little bit of of of everything. Reiki practitioner integrated energy therapist training herbalists you know um. Mhm amongst other things yoga yoga yoga teacher Youth Development specialist. Yes. That's why that's why that's why I brought you know know know so you here girl. Yeah, you do everything just like me like I dont dont dont limit well so myself. I make candles soaps everything. Yeah. I'm actually I'm in the the the process of making um you know medicine to yeah, and I worked with dr. Sebi, Sebi, Sebi, do you know about how I work with his wife for like six months so I know.
2WQ1GcC6J0k7qsO8Vvf2be.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to the in the dome podcast podcast body are you uh uh uh well doing hey, how you doing? I'm pretty good myself. All right. What do you you you want um um to talk about today? We got a breakdown. I know there's not not not much stock boat uh so. We still haven't broken down the Columbus game, but cardiac cardiac cardiac / comeback kids come back like um. You know what that game room. Okay, Okay, Okay, I believe off the where like okay we thought we were talking about a couple of of of episodes ago were talking about house so well like a toxic relationship and I I I was starting to get sucked back in um so. Yep. And then I I I think you were to it's like when fully back so you know on board is fully fully fully back with the Calgary Flames right now I mean uh to start that podcast. I I I was like, I'm not I'm not falling for it. I've well well been been been hurt too many times by these guys, but by the end of that well like podcast podcast podcast we switched but I was still whatever. Yeah, I'm fine. I'm told I'm fully fully fully I mean you know back. You're fully back. I'm proud. I'm not fully back. They've sucked sucked sucked they've sucked they've sucked me in that Columbus you know you know game. Got Got Got me back to being like, I think I'll die for this team. I think throughout all this up and down.
1wvXl09sRlIJWV23PSpM01.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring the first of two episodes on the the the so so big burn from the natural disasters podcast back in 1910 87 people perished perished perished in like I mean a horrific two-day wildfire that burned three million Acres. It would would would change the way people looked like I mean at firefighters and force Congress to to to increase the budget for the u.s. Forest well like service to hear more episodes episodes episodes like this follow natural disasters free on Spotify. Wherever um so you get your your your podcasts. Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion I mean I I I mean is advised Extreme Caution is advised for listeners under 13 at 3 pm well well well um. On August 20th, 1910 Forest ranger Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team team team of young I mean you know volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above above above the town of Wallace, Idaho. It was a hot day but the sun was obscured by.
1a8X3Df0CobqJNYPB4rCab.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the Laura horn art podcast. Richie Richie Richie is joining me again, and we well well are chatting about finishing a painting last last last week. We talked we talked we talked about getting started the okay well well well painting that I talked about last week. I have finished and now I'm well well well like sharing all the tips and techniques and ideas that I use in my own Studio Studio Studio practice well so when I get to the finishing stage speaking of starting and finishing this this this podcast I mean um is brought to you by my online class layer by layer layer layer where you will so you know see Me paint a large abstract painting from from from start to finish. So if you'd you know uh like to see that process head head head on over to Laura horn art.com forward slash classes well like click on layer layer layer by layer and don't forget to use the coupon code. The like so coupon is 20 20 20 in Feb 2 0 infe be and you will save 20% you know okay on that class class class up to the 19th of March 2020. So that's when the coupon expires. Hello Laura he going I'm very good. It's.
6Yl7V311gAo12YVYBpGs1Z.txt: Hello everyone and welcome back to lifted logic a podcast presented by custom like like like uh offsets. Whether this is your first time tuning in or you're returning guest. Thank Thank Thank like well you so much for your support. I'm your host Dustin and today in in in the studio okay um joining me is the Cody Lawson. So hello everyone. Thanks Thanks Thanks for joining us today you know so. Cody. Remember, excuse me. If you're new new new here, you may be wondering exactly what lifted you know well logic is. It's a a a podcast presented by custom offsets. We outline all things. Faucets related uh like we we we talked to folks from the staff here. We do industry Trends or events well okay okay okay. So yeah, we just kind of cover it all remember if you need Wheels you you you know um tires suspension custom offsets is the place you're going to want to to to head on over to uh uh you can find us at custom offsets.com. Also, Also, Also, we just launched a new giveaway I mean um yesterday and it's pretty cool. So So So we're so we're so we're teaming up with hostile with Nitto hostiles going well well well uh to hook it up with any wheels up to 22 inches in diameter.
4Hamv0DE98QclvRKNDr3dC.txt: Yo, what's up? Everybody? Welcome to the power line podcast this your host Doyle an an an angel well well man has been a fucking week, huh? It's been it's been it's it's it's been a fucking week yesterday uh uh was it was sick the what what what face facts Beyond pain Exile we got with us you know uh the cup cup cup of the Exile boys. What's up introduce yourself then? Now but yeah, that's that's that's you know I mean kind of cool at the CBR house who wants cavity was on on on gravity Mero Mero Beyond okay like pain was above and beyond if you didn't didn't didn't if you didn't lose brain well okay cells last night happy to you, right right right cause like that sure was it was so like if you didn't lose brain cells, cells, cells, I don't I don't know what you're doing is very ignorant fucking insane. Also, yes also has people shout out Malcolm you.
7rfozd0EpZZfX2RvURNphU.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a I mean okay okay okay podcast. Let me explain. It's a proof. There are certain tools that allow you you you to you know uh record and edit your podcast, right you're from phone or or or computer anchor will distribute I mean well your podcast for you. So it can be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many so so more you can make money money money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you know uh you need to to to make a podcast in one place. I want to ask you so like a question question question. Are you are you are you living the life you want to live? Everybody has has has everybody has everybody has a dream life um like. We all have that picture picture picture in our mind not that life. You want to live so well my my my question to you is simple. Are you currently living the life? Most people people people like uh would say no. Well why the answers are often somewhere close to to to it you know you know seems impossible. It's too hard. It doesn't seem seem seem feasible. I don't have those kind of opportunities like like. I don't have it in in in me. I don't have the necessary resources and the most common answer is I don't know.
6HFF7GwVVHaHnUzxGLSIJt.txt: You're a listening to bode light tails. The podcast for mindful people on the the the well you know go Hi, this is me on Guam. Today's Bodhi light tail tail tail is life saving. Once okay okay upon a time in Taipei. There are there there there are there are lived a Sergent named Martin. He had he had he had had had received you know you know an invitation to a medical conference in London. So he he he booked his ticket but uh okay due to the peak season had to Transit Transit Transit vile Hong Kong International Airport. As a um you know frequent flyer and and and a gold status member the airline had reserved his preferred seat for him so so so uh. On the day of his flight Martin had made arrangements with his friend to have a quick catch up before his flight. However,.
1QgWndnYGtv7EXi0UWYitW.txt: Hey Molly, Kaiser here. And you are listening to the art of empowerment empowerment empowerment podcast the art so so of empowerment podcasts or photographers who want to see a change change change in our industry who I mean um are ready to stand together to fight fight fight Society standards and become part of a community that okay um elevates each other and and and makes a true and lasting impact on this world. Are you so okay up for for for the challenge now? Let's get into the show. I'm here today with a special okay um um um guest a treat if you will Bethany. Well, I've never called you Bethany best okay okay okay well Ajman and I think I said your last name right? You did. Whoo you know know know so. Welcome. Tell everyone. What's your business your business name? And yeah, let's start start start there. Hi, well hi, well hi, well um my name is Gus. Wake. Mommy Mommy Mommy said mommy said mommy said my business name is starboard editing um like and and and I do editing and retouching and also other services for photographers like Facebook advertising and blogging and some Just miscellaneous.
0LL9E8J7lRiYRtrLhEun9p.txt: Hi, my name is Matthew cousins from or at group and Welcome to our our our leadership series okay so for 2020 for international women's day as part of of of this series. We've sat we've sat we've sat down I mean okay with some exceptional exceptional exceptional female leaders to talk about their story their journey, and what I mean okay makes makes makes them tick additionally. We'll talk about the each of equal campaign for international women's uh uh uh well day. We hope we hope we hope you enjoy the series and thanks thanks thanks for listening. In today's in today's in today's episode well so. We sit sit sit we sit we sit down with Jackie Whiteman the Chief Operating Officer across the the the Davidson group Jackie so you know has over 20 years experience in the recruitment industry industry industry the majority of them being like you know in senior leadership roles. I also had the the the privilege of working with Jackie at Chandler MacLeod. We like we like we like like like okay hope you enjoy the episode with Jack. Morning, Jackie. Thanks for joining us for international women's day and for a chat about your leadership.
01VLfoxXkwAXtuYGTQYrsT.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV talk now okay uh. It was the buzz guys 90-day newsweekly. I so excited new new new video new gossip. I I mean um cannot wait to just Dive Right Right Right into yeah. It's like a super show. We have like so so much new new new to get through so much gossip II just they stayed with I mean I I I mean me girl. Stay busy when one of your Oseland and tree and to my so so so you know immediate left. Hey guys, I'm Ashley Bowden. Welcome back guys and Daddy love love love having you here I mean I mean. So let's so let's so let's just just just kind of Dive Right In. Okay, let's start with AB pulp. Well, let's well, let's let's let's well, let's do uh I mean Paul. Yeah. So you guys prayers prayers prayers up. First of first of first of all for Paul's mom who was well okay okay okay reportedly in the hospital Paul went on Instagram and shared a clip of his 11-month. I always.
05twJsuaGpK4wyXZsWZu08.txt: Ladies and gentlemen catches of all ages and to our listeners around the world. It's It's It's time it's time it's time um I mean for the only podcast like at at at the mound rigid with your host other day, um so bro, a meddling a good roll roll roll. Welcome back everyone. It's about the start of any you know um um um number two. And before we get going we want to give a big shout-out shout-out shout-out to our so uh great friends and partner over at All Star Sports the premier premier premier enhance quality catching equipment you know I mean. If you're looking to enhance enhance enhance your receiving game going over to their website www.ultratrust.com star well you know sportscom sportscom sportscom. And you will find an array of great training gloves anywhere from the the the well um donut to The Equalizer to the focus framer or even the glove glove glove that was you know okay designed by our very own Chris news. The pocket All Star Sports is on the Leading Edge of Sporting Goods technology, and the.
1CeIpex7vxtvpmuHKtJzVz.txt: Hi, I'm Jenny Lehmann chartered surveyor and co-founder of property Elite Welcome to our weekly weekly weekly CPD you know okay podcast full of advice tips and knowledge to to to help you Ace your a PC or a so like sock Rick's assessment. You You You might also find this podcast helpful to fulfill your annual like like CPD hours. If If If you're already a qualified chartered surveyor, this week's blog. We take a look like well well well. Six year rule clarifying what this might mean for you and your your your EPC we've been okay okay asked about this many times. So we now have have have official clarification from our ICS on the um well issue for you firstly. What is is is the six-year rule in the Ric sap see candid well well get date date date guide. It states that when you enroll as a candidate you well I mean are making making making a commitment to becoming a chartered surveyor Mr. ICS. You have six years from your date of.
1Gcwzel68ribYC6kga7Eib.txt: This is Ottoman and I'm going to talk about your Energies. Most of most of most most most of the time we uh um do not acknowledge the presence of energy. In In In and around us. In fact, even well um this physical body which appears to be in in in physical form is essentially energy because if okay well you break down all your your your tissues into tiny tiny cells and tighten cells into so you know Small little Adam Adam Adam and Adam in two electrons. What are they? They are I mean um Energies. They They They are a form of energy your body is in energy. Your thoughts are so so so I mean also an energy. Your emotions are Energies. So we are bunch of energy beings. Who are.
0vZrO84SbanI3W4NPfRam2.txt: Welcome to the run for PRS podcast. This is your host Victoria Philippi. The like well well well run for PRS podcast was created to give away the secrets to transform transform transform your uh okay training to reach your goals. We ask all the expert run coaches coaches coaches and athletes the questions that I mean like you've been dying to know the answers answers answers to we will get the inside scoop like you know on what really really really makes you the best athlete that you can be. Have you so you know ever ever ever seen a fast runner and wonder wow, how did they get so fast well, you know like like like This podcast is for you. We are going to do a deep dive I mean mean mean so to reveal the secrets to Reaching Your Potential as a runner runner runner. How to gain so like endurance running is an aerobic sport any athlete who has has has a previous background in a robic well so sports, like distance swimming biking or or or soccer will have an aerobic base already um okay established more so than someone who has been an active their whole life speed and.
1wkDtHEZAjbZ3J3JvF9glp.txt: These entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs these entrepreneurs are are one very Savvy some have been through it it it before some uh well have been through multiple exits others. This is a first-time kind of of of thing, but they okay well all have one common thread which is they know know know where there's a pain in um I mean sports or Esports. They know they they they have a solution for that and they know that so you know there are people people people willing to pay for that pain to go away. You're listening to like well well well sports Tech feed the global Sports technology podcast. Fast that's right. You listen to to to sports like like take feed. I'm your host. Tom salome's great to have you joining us us us. Once again, so I mean we've got a really insightful and interesting discussion today with Tim Tim Tim Hayden Tim's the co-founder well I mean and managing director of stadia Ventures. Stadia is a a a global Sports Innovation Hub, including well um accelerator and fund for early-stage investments in in in sports and Esports. They've had like like over 40 cohort company since it launched launched launched in 2015, including five successful exits, and I you know well was lucky enough to to to judge their Global demo and selection day a few weeks ago and sent Lewis and.
2BeLZJ6MuUpNMDCE0B9Oxx.txt: If you're welcome. What's up, guys? Welcome to Hell I am with a Lisa Lisa Lisa okay um Kelly. Welcome. Thank you. I'm so happy been Hell. She's a columnist a um um um I mean host and author but most importantly an astrologer and she's not not not any astrologer. She you know so is the resident astrologer of Cosmopolitan magazine. She's She's She's written two books working on a um well third. She's basically like the hottest Astro Astro Astro bitch and the planet because like if I'm uh um gonna bring you guys some some some astrology It I'm bringing you the hottest fire dope lady okay uh fire you can can can ever have so she is a weekly podcast stars like us that okay okay I I I just was on she read my chart. It was unbelievable. I'm looking through website uh uh uh like. She just she just she just gave me one of her books the Mixology of astrology where she makes Cosmic cocktail recipes for every.
77M40y0Jm3ijFVeFf9cTEo.txt: Hey, don't hey, don't hey, don't yawn just yet before bedtime. It's Chompers time your your your morning and night you know I mean toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of of of your mouth on one side and so so brush the inside the outside outside outside and the chewing side of each tube. Its heroines week um okay and tonight's heroic heroic heroic woman was an incredible business woman. Whose hard work helped black um okay women all over over over America. Ah madam, ah madam, ah madam, CJ Walker, but before she was Madame Madame Madame CJ Walker, so um she had a different name Sarah Breedlove. Sarah Breedlove sarah Breedlove Breedlove Breedlove sarah Breedlove was born in 1867 in Louisiana well okay. Sarah had a hard time time time making enough money to feed herself and her daughter you know um Laila. So So So Sarah took a job washing other people's clothes just barely making a dollar a day.
62b7BBsEREb5xR90kbdJyU.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the body power mind podcast with me Adam Robinson well uh uh uh today. We talked with dr. Ebony escalona about shift in the mindset to help you you you you know you know achieve a more successful and fulfilling life. So let's learn let's apply apply apply and let's so you know Inspire. Let's do it. So ebony you are an equine equine equine vet and have been for uh like many years. Now. Did that spark appear appear appear very early on in your life or did it I mean um come a bit bit bit later on the spark appeared? I was about 6 and yeah, like like like like it was obsessed with I was obsessed with poor with animals in general and um um um you know yeah sat on my first horse about that age and yeah and became kind of transfixed with the grace and athleticism and.
6J6EaddaonBhVZHHOtd4oA.txt: What's up, guys? It is Cody Wynn with the faith growth podcast. I hope I I I mean okay y'all are growing in your faith some from this thing before I I I even introduced Matthew, you know um so don't say anything yet Matthew because I I I haven't introduced yet. Yeah, smash the well like Subscribe button. If you loved us then that that that would be so sweet of you you know um. If you could smash the the the Subscribe button, it means a lot to us and it gets like uh uh uh the message out to more people with the way the algorithm works. Anyways now, now, now, anyways now, anyways now, let so uh me introduce my lovely co-host Matthew. What's What's What's up, dude? Good man, great. Uh-huh. All uh you know right, and you'll work work work on this entry. We need to do something about that, right? Yeah like you know know know. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all are probably the power just like I'm a skip I mean like like like to 20 seconds. Yeah, I was good. So yeah, today's topic. We are still on on on our well well demonic Church teaching series and we have covered quite a few few few here and we are going to cover today another one of legalism. We're going we're going we're going to discuss legalism and the.
4rPfjPdCOsE3yoIlkXi0OR.txt: So this podcast is brought to you by anchor and if you guys haven't haven't haven't like I mean heard of it definitely easy way to make a podcast because because because one it's free and you know um there's a lot of creation tools that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast you know like right from your phone and and and computer and anchor is just all around hassle-free. And once you well you know make make make your podcast on anchor is distributed to Spotify Apple podcasts, so you can can can make you know you know easy money by uploading your podcast here and just sharing sharing sharing your Yes. Thank you thank you thank you so like. Hey guys, it's Taylor or or or some of you may know me as tells and this well okay podcast podcast podcast will be focusing on how to navigate an Excel as a minority okay well well well in Academia, but more specifically students in physics because we know that there are many many many so so biases that can and will potentially hinder our success. So I kind of want to offer some.
5GujnWH2rluXn1HEB5GEAm.txt: Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome to episode 1 of the vibe Dojo podcast podcast podcast. I am your host Brandon. And today and today and today so uh we're we're we're going to do sort of an intro for the podcast in which I'll basically kind kind kind well like of run through what the shows actually going to be about for for for those who don't well so know what the vibe Dojo is talk a little bit bit bit about our community. And like um yeah, it's kind of go through the basics basics basics before we get any further for you know so now. I'll just play you in in in with some music and then we'll get started. See you see you see you on the other side.
4ipRxkvqili6x6WHHpRuFC.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay I I I mean uh or reflect those of the company and its management for their their their more the views and I mean okay opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
2jvWqUD1asYvFsDAFsozkZ.txt: Hey guys, it's Murph this week on the inside podcast. We have Eric McClellan McClellan McClellan okay so former A&R at Warner Music all around great guy Avid baseball fan fan fan and he so uh gave us 40 minutes of his time to really cover, you you you know, some solid tips and I mean like tricks, you know for artists that that that are just starting out and how they um well can A&R their own projects. But then then then as they start to progress in their career uh well how they can start start start to, you know, reach out to you know, bigger and ours I mean you know and and and work with a and ours at labels as well. So so this you you you know so is a great one so strap in and enjoy the show if if if you guys are I mean so looking for more information on how Studio Studio Studio talk can help you out. Check us out um like at Studio talking dotco. Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up guys? This is Eric McClellan former I mean you know A&R at Warner Music Group Group Group current founder of management and artist development company well okay. Yo peep this So So So yeah, man, I appreciate you hopping on today and I I mean I mean mean mean know we've you know, we've been friends over the last several years Pilots for five years.
20sozwCsw9pF9jb7ZVLDQO.txt: Welcome to the next episode of on your mark on the Barker media Network Network Network like so. I'm your host Chris Ferrara and we have a great show show show in store for you well I mean today. Today. We're going to dive into into into the world of Animation. We're going we're going we're going to talk about about about I mean um Pixar Animation studio. And today and today and today I have have have an amazing guest with me a you know okay first-hand animator and one of of of my dear friends and Rukia. Andrew say hi so so to everybody look look look guys Andrew and me had been talking about how we could get okay okay okay okay him on the podcast and stuff. He wanted to talk about and me uh well well well and Andrew always talk about animated films. So we thought this would be like like you you you know, the perfect category to kind of start this realm of the show and I I I mean well to get Andrews insights because Andrew has a lot of insights in this this world that.
0YPSB1d04Y7IQSsDLaLMjV.txt: Change of change of change of shift podcast. I'm your host Sean. Welcome Welcome Welcome back to the show. Quick five I mean uh minutes talk on experience and and and shortcuts those of you who have been listening to me for um I mean a while while while have been following me on the internet out there in the social media Universe um um um um talked about this quite a bit the concept of experience trumps everything actually actually actually you know uh created a hashtag experience trumps everything. So the concept of not not not skipping a step not skipping you know you know the most important step step step which is gaining experience. If you plan on mastering anything in so uh this world, especially especially especially sharpening your skills as a nurse you need experience. There is like okay okay okay nothing there is no substitute. There is nothing else that will teach you more and teach you the most.
0ouOaap6g2IK0UVgG4vtRi.txt: What is up? What is going on? Everyone Dave at SVA card collectors good good good score um so last night. No, I'm not talking about the Knicks defeating the the the Houston Rockets just uh um a waste of time of us trying to win win win so we can get a higher you know you know spot. What does it it it matter? We're not we're not we're not going to get the first but anyway, anyway, anyway, like I mean it's a lottery best will gods have turned their back on us us us besides the point so uh besides that Besides you I have sold my 2018 2018 2018 tops update Ronald Acuna jr well well. PSA 10. I had I had had had I had two of them. I sold one of them for a hundred I mean mean mean um and sixty three dollars plus four dollars and shipping. Yeah, yeah. Now I had this this this well uh card for $125 for the longest time and I took it off off off because I so uh was afraid that of exactly this and something that you you you guys need to learn if you are posting cards and you just leave them there for a.
1EcBqy8tM3TYInm1k8Fdbm.txt: Hey everybody, its Josh Rutledge your co-host for a fierce Cape paranormal podcast podcast podcast. Thank you so like you know much for listening. If you'd if you'd if if if you'd like to support us more. Please head over well so to our our our website dear skate podcast.com there you click on store and browse some pearly I mean mean mean you know awesome t-shirts and maybe pick a couple up or even go to to to our patreon page and uh um see what how you can support us monthly monthly monthly. We love bringing you awesome content okay well just as much As you like like like listening to it enjoy the show. Hello okay you know. I'm so glad you you you could join us. I hope you brought your walking to hide okay you know under the spooky cruise going to discuss things and events from other Realms ghosts Cryptids.
3MnIafaIOHo6zFKwH2cqFt.txt: What is going on everybody? This is awesome. You guys are tuned into in the woods woods woods with well I mean DDS a thank you guys so much for tuning in in in and we look forward okay okay to having a fun episode. Thank you. Alrighty Alrighty Alrighty guys, thank you so much uh um for tuning in again. This is the the the first episode of in the woods with EDSA like I mean. So bear with with with us and we plan to get better at each one of you know know know you know these that we do we also plan to have a a a lot of different different guest well like on the show each week. We have a a a trio of different co-hosts that are going so so to be going to be be be helping out and joining us the first of which is I mean so my very own own own younger, brother. Colin Hendrix man, how are you? What was going on? like like like you like you like you know Everybody just happy to be here. He's happy to be here. Okay. Well with that being.
0mTLs89absczad0y9fvlS3.txt: Hi guys, this is scumbag Vinny from the scum Town podcast. And I'm just just just here I mean I mean to let you guys know that anchor is the best way way way to make a podcast okay I mean online. If you're looking to make your own own own podcast anchor is the easiest way to make a so um podcast. It gives you you you everything you need in one place for free, which you um like can use right right right from your phone or computer creation tools allows you to record like I mean and edit edit edit your podcast. So it sounds even better. They'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute your your your podcast for okay um you so it can be heard everywhere from Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and well well many more you can easily make money from your your your podcast with no minimum listenership so I mean. That's right. You can make money from from from this podcast. This isn't a scumbag Vinny so like setup. You can make money from it. So get anchor now download the app and tell him scumbag Vinny sent you.
41Tvys3MKcIU0cPNU7eP5w.txt: Yo, yo, yo, what's up everyone? I guess I'll kick off this podcast addressing probably probably probably the okay I mean biggest talk in sports right now. Tom Brady greatest greatest greatest of all time Now if you ask you know like me Patriots fan, obviously, obviously, obviously, I'm going to tell you that he's staying put but well like if you you you ask me as an NFL fan. You staying put it just I mean like doesn't make make make sense for me for? Somebody like somebody like somebody like him somebody that has been been been in the NFL you know uh for just about 20 years spent it all with with with one team just doesn't make sense for me uh uh to it's just doesn't make make make sense to me. So it so it so it doesn't make sense to um um um um me for this man the go out and play for another team at 43 43 43 years like I mean old after spending his entire career playing for the New England Patriots. It just doesn't make sense for.
38ujs4H05aAJSaIu5DNXMA.txt: Hey, hey hey, hey hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has has has an easy way to get you uh I mean going. All you have to do do do is go to Anchor dot. F m-- to I mean like get started and you you you know what? It's totally free just download the free anchor app uh um or go go go to Anchor dot. F m-- and you're on your way to um like your own own own podcast. You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you I mean mean mean okay want to talk about on your own podcast. You can you can you can can can make it by uh okay whatever you want to make it about. It'll be it'll it'll it'll be it'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once okay uh again, go to the the the get the anchor app. I'll go I'll go I'll go to Anchor dot f f f well um m-- in you on your way. He's not going back again. Another Another Another segment of the roller agenda this this segment of the real agenda. We're going to talk about.
7cPZaaOm1YhmuT08RB4AFK.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor uh okay its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's it's it's free. There's creation okay uh tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right from your like okay phone or computer anchor will distribute our podcast for for for you. So it could be uh um heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you you you can make money from so well your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you you you need to make a podcast um like all in one place. So download the anchor app app app. For your for your for your phone or go to well so Anchor FM.com to get get get started. Well, howdy there internet people Isabella gun. So tonight we're so I mean mean mean going to talk about a meme and it's not just a meme in in in the sense well like of an image. It's an idea that people have and we're we're we're going to look into it like uh understand that nothing. I say tonight tonight tonight should be taken as an endorsement of any kind of state economy. This is just me trying to get to.
3m48HJCNduhwAuGFkNXlrE.txt: Inside the inside the inside the bird is back going on everybody. Just moisture here here here. Alongside Adam Kaplan like so Adam. It's going to be our second free agency agency agency show because people can't um uh get enough free agency. I mean I mean mean mean I mean Harold, I mean, yeah, you know what uh I mean you left like like like we should really take one second here to thank everybody. Because we uh you know know know had a record-setting podcast when we came back from Indianapolis or know we were so so so I mean in Indianapolis. We did we did we did our free agency preview preview preview from there and then it just exploded well okay. So obviously so obviously so so so obviously we both a new especially got a lot of notoriety for the the the um uh Byron Jones scoop. So we're really happy that we got great feedback on on on it so so and that people really listen so that was fantastic. Yeah, I I I appreciate it and so like WIP, you know the LH or Parks or friend there and jump Archer Dan.
1LGrOPH2MVCMrqB18TNtWZ.txt: Hello. Hello and welcome to whatever number episode this is episode number four, but but but it's um okay confusing because we release the last two episodes out of of of order. When one when one when one one you know I mean three three three two. Oh, how will how will they trust how will our fans? okay so so so How are we gonna get through this as a group? I think I think you know so so so that all hate mail to at Monday. No, you have to it's more of of of um so like an avant-garde movie where they Least like where it's like they don't don't don't show um uh you the current timeline like Witcher. I've hurt I would watch which which which I've heard. It's out you know uh of order. I'm playing would you right right right now? It's ruining my life. It is it is it is ruining your I mean okay okay okay life. Yeah, you get so addicted to video games. Yeah. Yes, you do do do. Wait. So what um like are your biggest Skyrim breath of the wild and and and now which are you like uh so medieval don't you I do. What about about about war? What about like like guns big fan you know like of shooter games? I guess think since you were there were a lot of the Rings girl.
3kkhUQJ9DXYs6aSdDmPp2V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little little little idea how okay well we do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We We We use the anchor dot I mean well f m-- recording platform super easy distributes distributes distributes our podcast too many many different platforms. There's so there's so there's so okay okay okay creation tools to allowed you to record and edit podcast right from your phone phone phone or okay well a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download Download Download the free anchor app to I mean you know get started. This segment segment segment this segment this segment is brought to you by jig Master jigs when in doubt so so so okay get the jig out go to jig Masters.com and use promo code. Pmf 20 well well well I mean and save 20 percent off your next jig order today. Hello and welcome back to the pallets and podcast. This is adventures with outdoor woman and.
7gE0StBDN4nfygEEaVsDta.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of The fbl Hangover podcast where we raised raised raised so um a bear and lower the tone all things FPL related this week week week folks. We like so are going to take you on a journey blank to the the the Future and before uh okay you and ask where we are going. You don't need need need green arrows and that's a like okay good thing because you're not going to get get get them here at least not in like okay this episode kind of a topsy-turvy topsy-turvy topsy-turvy week that saw several Blast from the Past uh so tear up the usual FPL FPL FPL narratives and cause some innocent podcasters like myself, too. 80s I mean um um um film references and of course I'm talking about the likes of a Macos Macos Macos Alonso brace you know well which Drew assisted one. I believe I believe I I I believe Leighton Baines reminding us why in many ways uh so he could be considered considered considered a precursor to America's Alonso. And of course, let's not forget Liverpool getting absolutely twatted by Watford. But before we get into this any.
0KXemB6zS74h3EYtenrU88.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to haken in Animal Crossing podcast your podcast dedicated to to to all things Animal Crossing well well episode 120 is brought to you by Lindsay Hiller Hiller Hiller one of our newest patreon patrons uh uh today Sergio and I are going going going to go over the week's countdown questions talk I mean you know about all all all the new information. We learned from PAX East and there will be a okay uh very very very special interview with Great Fairy. Carrie and her experience playing Animal Crossing New well well well well Horizons at PAX East so to begin. Hello Sergio. How you doing? Hello. Chewy. I'm I'm I'm okay like doing pretty awesome. You know, it's been a really productive week. But But But in terms okay I mean of Animal Crossing, it's been a lot of weight weight weight. It's been filled with well well a lot of news and then I I I also got some amiibo cards. I well I well I well uh mean putting putting putting those in the album's and it's just been a great great week. Yeah, you sent me a picture of the Box you got.
0yHswchtLbrgT9Av2Zx4zy.txt: Hey guys, and welcome back to my podcast. First of all, I want want want to you know so say thank you a very very big thank you for tuning tuning tuning in today. I well like am going to focus on a very touchy touchy touchy topic. This is this is this is a topic that's very uh I mean close close close to my heart. It's a very sensitive topic and I just decided um okay okay okay today that you know my needed to you know, sort of address the I mean mean mean I mean elephant in the room. Finally. Obviously a lot of people have been talking talking talking like I mean about the situation of mine other things have been said and but the main reason why I sort of decided to.
6zxQfih6safH4o6mB9bifY.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of come on ref. I'm your host Luke Aven Aven Aven I mean you know. I hope everyone had a great week. First off off off. I just I just I just want to say thank you so well to to to everyone who has been supporting the podcast everyone its engaging on Instagram okay um following following following and just giving a real sense of community around this podcast. So so well thank thank thank you to everyone today. We're going to be talking about last weekend's you know know know okay Premier League action and the repercussions of everything that happened So straight off off off the uh I mean bat the biggest story of the weekend was obviously Liverpool losing losing losing to Watford 3-nil like so. It was quite a disappointing loss to be honest honest honest. The first loss that well well you go off is 3-nil against walk further further further team is sitting in 17th I mean you know. Literally one exactly one point point point off of the relegation zone. So I uh I mean think for Jurgen klopp, I think it was very frustrating that Sarah run of.
2LqAul73ymk5RhTPBtylkV.txt: Hi everyone. I'm day I'm day I'm day Chapman and you're listening to the sites sites sites of social media a uh you know weekly social media podcast from buffer covering covering covering all the latest stories insights experimentation and learnings uh I mean to help you and and and your brand succeed online. Welcome to episode 186. I'm finding I'm finding I'm finding finding finding Porter and as um so you might have heard last week, we're working on on on a brand new 10 times you know um version of the science of social social social media. We can't wait to share it with you I mean like in just just just a few weeks. In the meantime. We wanted to revisit a really Popular episode on well well well you know microcopy copywriting is one of the most essential skills for a marketer marketer marketer to have good copy uh you know is everywhere websites advertisements blog posts posts posts and especially on social media in this episode I mean um. We'll give give give you the tools to write exceptional copy for even the tiniest of things on social captions tweets stories and more. Let's Jump Right In.
2zqvtjZffDo5BHLHt3fLo0.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the the the living with hope podcast a I mean so daily devotional where we dig into God's word word word and explore what it means to um well live with. Hope in Jesus. Hope that is is is exactly what Paul is talking about here well you know in 2nd Corinthians Corinthians Corinthians chapter 5. We're going to start this section in verses 1 through so so so you know 4 today 2nd Corinthians chapter 5 beginning in verse 1 for we we we know that okay well if the tent that is our Earthly home is destroyed. We We We have a building from God so I mean a house not made with hands Eternal Eternal Eternal in the heavens for in so well this tent we groan longing to to to put on our Heavenly dwelling if indeed by putting like um it on we we we may not be found naked for while we are still I mean you you you know in this tent we groan being burdened not that we would be unclothed but that we would be further.
5d92mQ5JC06YCt30OLF2di.txt: What's going on guys before we get started on today's episode. I want to so so so well talk to you guys about anchor anchor is the app that I use to to to so well record my episodes. It's the it's the it's the easiest way to to to make podcast. It's a hundred percent so well free and it allows you to use use use tools that allow you to record like uh and edit your podcast straight from your your your phone or computer that allows you okay so to record with friends as well after after after it's been uploaded to Anchor and go will um you know then distribute your podcast for for for you so I can be heard on Spotify app like well a podcast and many many many more you can also definitely make money from your podcast with no okay I mean mean mean minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download I I I mean okay the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot fm to get get get started. Before um before um before um um I start this podcast, I just want want want to let you guys know if well you know you are listening to this this this podcast through headphones. I'm warning I'm warning I'm warning you right now. It's um it's it's it's um it's um uh only going through the left here. I want to believe believe believe because that's just the uh I mean way my my whole setup. It works works works I guess but I'm going to try to figure out a way how to fix that. But I.
67v8V9SOXxivYQfAHSsc5f.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by like well teach data, data, data, we save teachers hours each week by bringing them quality downloadable teaching resources I I I mean uh for their classrooms to make your classroom Buzz go to teach starter.com. Hey Hey Hey teachers hey teachers hey teachers for okay um on here. Thanks so much much much for listening to For the Love of teaching. Please rate and well like review us any any any Apple podcast app and help us to reach more teachers gears. Have you so uh heard heard heard of the daily? 5 Ali is a passionate teacher who is has used you you you know um this source and program to engage in Delight how beautiful students she's a a a okay I mean huge fan of the daily 5 and she documents her students learnings learnings learnings on okay I mean her Instagram page the young educator Ali says this program program program has been a game-changer for her and well so her students. My students came to to to school on the second day and they were okay like like, when are we doing daily daily daily 5 and that for me I was I mean uh just sold so I knew it it it was worth it. Welcome Ellie well uh. Thank you thank you thank thank thank you so much for joining me on for the love of teaching. I'm so excited to be here. Yay.
5lrXqwmskrsJKPiUyr7zkU.txt: Principal Callahan, I've got principal Velazquez online for put her through Cal um okay okay okay. How are you? Not so bad value self never better, but you can I I I mean you know make me even happier. Well, I well, I well, I told you we we we can't keep doing that. It's a it's a it's a conflict I mean you you you know of interest. Oh get your mind out of the gutter Callahan. I have interns interns interns who do like so that now. Anyway, I anyway, I anyway, I saw reports reports reports this morning that chili Doug Davis is well I mean looking into the foreign exchange exchange exchange program that she is that she is but it's gonna you know well take a pretty pretty pretty hefty. Package for package for package for me to send her to Barcelona Barcelona Barcelona if that's what you're so okay after. You know you know you know know know why they call her chili dog. Don't you tell me cow ate well so so so 50 of them in one Lunch Period or freshman year right down the okay uh uh uh gullet and not 20 minutes later scored a 96 on our biology midterm. Just uh uh uh well shy of an A+. Look point look point look point is the kids kids kids a stud a Phenom. I'm not well you know about to give her up up up for a pack of pens in a book Let's um so Not Be Hasty. We We We think chili dog will be a great fit in the halls so so of our our our school and coming to Barcelona will be an enriching experience for you know know know I mean both her and us now you want to hear my offer what tell me about.
6LhzGRUTkJ3jOp8uB2nXmh.txt: Okay. Okay, Monday okay, Monday okay, Monday March 2nd 2020 Teleperformance the yard, this is your your your clo Francisco Lara so so Cisco Kid metal. Whoa. Um we want to share share share with you guys the Jack Welsh okay you know passed away. He was the the the chairman and CEO of General Electric an amazing you know like person with a beautiful leadership leadership leadership. His leadership was base is all about your team. It's uh um all about the people people people you put together. I want to take advantage of this to share okay okay with you you you guys. The fact that I am part of Lucky's que. Ahora El Colombiano okay okay okay um say Super Ten and it's because of you guys you guys are are are all phenomenal and okay I mean it's all about what we have built and where where where we were going. He's other portion you know okay of his leadership is scouting on on on profitable part of the business and let go of employees the risk the success of others and they company.
2UZfoZ7RAxgUNZJc9vWNY0.txt: You're no you're no you're no walked into radio juxtapose the home of contemporary art art art and culture conversation coming up so well today. And for me, I stress it it it that period in my life. I bucked I mean I mean Authority. I can can can I can I can that stance which email Authority could not stand it. And so so so if well okay any teacher a male teacher specially came to me and and and said, oh you should okay so be making more black art. Are you should be making making making more black looking things okay okay. I would just feel said that. Yes, this this this is Radio juxtaposed. Hey, this is Doug well uh. Thank you for downloading this episode of of of radio juxtapose. This is the first in a series uh well of very very very special live episodes recorded right here at the Armory show in I mean I mean New New New York City myself and Evan pitched up for a couple of days to check so so so okay out one of the hottest art fairs in town. And we managed managed managed to NAB so okay ourselves a couple of very special guests on this episode. We sit down with the illustrator painter and.
3MY3X341UrQo5AToAZjlpO.txt: I'm just Hello weirdos and queer queens and everything in between what boom you're listening listening listening like okay to the podcast hot queer mass. And I am your host Lucy Sykes. Thank Thank Thank you thank you thank you for I mean uh tuning in again for another another another week of Mayhem craziness insanity fuckery. If this is your so well first time listening listening listening to the podcast shame on you start from the fucking beginning. You'll like like like like be lost. What if you don't like to listen to rules or obey them you uh uh uh uh can continue to listen to it, but you should pour yourself a drink because because because um like I like to say fuck a lot and every time I say fuck you should drink or smoke or whatever.
2kcfQZbfss3uBurHEOZoVN.txt: Have you heard about anchor? It's actually what I'm using right now to record you you you know um my podcast episodes. I've been using it for the last several months and you you you know okay I absolutely love it. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the the the easiest way to make uh uh a podcast. Let me explain it's free their creation creation creation tools that allow you to record well well and edit your podcast right from from from your phone or a computer anchor will so well even distribute your podcast for you you you so it can be heard on On Spotify well uh Apple podcast and many many many more you can even make money from your podcast like like with no no no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place like like like like. All you all you all you have to do is download the free anchor app app app or go to Anchor so uh dot f m-- to get started. I got I I I got I got a question about extended fasting earlier in the week. And I'd forgotten about how much I used to extend.
4c0Nz3h25qYOLVkjld85T1.txt: All right, guys, I'm gonna put you onto something right now. If If If you if you if you haven't heard uh well about anchor what are are are you doing man? Get your get your get your life together, but if you haven't haven't haven't heard um you know about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast and I will elaborate so I mean first of all, it's free can't beat that that that too. There's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you you know like to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer bro. My My My okay so computer's broke. I already I already I already talked about that that that therefore, I'm doing it from my phone. In um I mean addition to that it doesn't doesn't doesn't end here guys. Anchor will distribute your podcast for like well you. So can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and many more row many more uh um dude. You'll be getting your clout clout clout and your coin you can make money from okay um your podcast with no no no minimum listenership, which is awesome for me because I probably had so well your listeners listeners listeners right now and it's everything you need to make in a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get.
3kq7f86T2C6hrsYGU1YGhv.txt: Get ready get ready get ready for some clean teeth because it's time time time for chunker's your morning and like like night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top top top of your mouth and brush uh um a little circles all the way way way around each tube three, it's heroines week. And um so today's hero is Emily Emily Emily Warren Roebling? Have you ever heard of the Brooklyn Bridge? The you know uh uh uh Brooklyn Bridge is a giant bridge in New York City the goes over well well well like a big river and it's beautiful people from all over the world come to to to New I mean like York each year and take pictures of it. And one one one of the main people who helped I mean uh build that bridge but that that that you don't hear about that often is a woman named Emily Warren Roebling. Switch your.
5411rMTfvJFQ5OV7ioJXKi.txt: Hello, this hello, this hello, this is dr. POL Cottrell. I'll give you a little update update update on the okay like John Hopkins database. So right now we have confirmed ninety thousand four hundred twenty twenty twenty uh like seven cases worldwide 300. I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry sorry sorry 3116 deaths 40 7888 recovered and in the I mean I mean mean mean United States. We have now passed the hundred Mark. We're not we're not we're not not not at one. 102 cases um so confirmed with six deaths all happening in Washington, Washington, Washington, which is interesting that we um well haven't had any deaths in California. And And And so there might be something specific look like like going on in terms of either how they're treating the patients or or the cohorts that are infected.
2ghRFmlKIA3o7PuYDhH710.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring real life. Villain Albert villain villain villain Albert villain Albert Anastasia well so from our villains podcast. He was a a a ruthless Hitman in crime Lord by the um uh end of the 1920s. He He He was he was he was one of the most feared Mobsters inside and outside the the the so so criminal underworld to hear more episodes like this follow villains free free free on Spotify well uh or wherever you get your podcasts. On the bank of of of the Hudson River North of okay um New York City sits one of of of the most notorious prisons in America singsing in April so I mean 1921. The The The criminals the criminals the criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst worst worst many of them were so okay there for Life others for death by that time time time. The electric chair had claimed the lives of a hundred and forty three murderers in New City alone.
6vb5fneSrKoN6rWRFqFXSL.txt: Is that is that is that a break up break up? I think we have have have a situation right here I mean I mean. Welcome to The Filling Station a a a podcast that touches on breakup stories that people would um um like to talk talk talk about with your view to give lessons that they learned from their okay okay okay I mean experiences. We hope we hope we hope you find the stories entertaining but but but more importantly meaningful given the lesson uh uh behind everything we're going to talk talk talk about today. Now in this episode. We are outside um so the great city city city of London. I'm not going to say exactly where but it is hella windy windy windy like uh here. What is happening here with the weather. Lord knows cheese it it it is, you know, I mean, well you know I know the storm hit and stuff stuff stuff. People kind of I mean so Penny but this is next level. I am am am not used to this. How'd you okay I mean guys cope? There's another one coming coming coming doesn't just get ready. Let's raise yourself uh um. Let's not even go go go there. So this has been a meeting that's been in the making uh I mean mean mean for God knows how long don't you just you know, we keep trying to meet up for this and that just doesn't seem to.
5xH3cdpkxnJhQjPV22sxKC.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some some some additional content about the um uh world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper deeper deeper into some of the most notorious subjects uh well every week in addition to to to your normal hostage episode. We're exploring the most so well fascinating True Crime themes themes themes covered across the park as Network. We've collected short clips from like like some some some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, uh okay okay okay like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world really you you you know well is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify or or or wherever you listen okay I mean to podcasts a list of episodes that we used will will will be posted in the like um description today. We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing discussing discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist, Robert Fame in conjunction.
4r1Y8TxG9I3eSykOoOPdK9.txt: Right this podcast is going to be focused on the first lesson of well uh uh uh Richard and John which is looking at life in a medieval village. Now what needs to to to like I mean be understood about a medieval village, is that obviously in the medieval medieval medieval period things okay uh were very different in regards to how people lived lived lived. So most people in England I mean okay lived and worked on the land in in in the Middle Ages, and unless you were I mean so rich life was at at at actually a pretty big struggle Ordinary People did face a like I mean constant struggle struggle struggle to survive and live tended to be very short for so for like well those people people people within a medieval village, you're looking at a life expectancy as low you know I I I mean as 25 and if you're lucky as high as 40 So a medieval medieval medieval village was um well all based around one concept and that was Agriculture and agriculture means Farm. Now the main types of people that.
1dKhwtbdugMkEQy4M8jUEV.txt: Hello everybody. My name is Rachel Braun and welcome back to this episode of Brawn and and and um um brains. So this so this so this week we have a really really really interesting guest. His name is Zach so I mean like up, but you may know know know him as the Nittany Lion so I actually knew a I mean well little bit bit bit about Zach before this year before he revealed himself as the Nittany Lion because well well well um rumors around the College of IST, which I'm a part of said that that that the The uh I mean line was actually in our major. So I I I had a little heads-up who is going like so to be but not really really really a lot of people have had classes Zach and I so so were were were new so that was kind of cool a Penn State. It's kept secret till um um um um their senior year who our mascot is and a few months ago during football football football season, like like right you revealed yourself. So that's kind of cool. You want want want to give us a like you know little introduction about yourself sack. Yeah. So, my my my name is Zach. So I study cyber security in the College of information sciences and Technology. I was selected in my.
28KX5G6NggK1flHskQl9Hx.txt: Right afternoon right afternoon right afternoon back to the bubble casts. We've been we've been we've we've we've been a bit delayed in having the um okay massively same put you, you you you know, we're back to say they will intro there but um uh of a Bruce Springsteen Springsteen Springsteen Born in the USA for the are the toffee Blues okay well. It's all all all it's all it's all be in America about a cat America and this week week week. I'm you I'm you I'm you know, okay okay if you've got a great affiliation to to to America, I'm gonna go on to talk about um um that shortly. It's light it's it's it's light it's light its which and big old Mitch and we've got quite quite quite a lot of okay you know topics to cover. So we'll so we'll so so so we'll just go as we always do talking about the I mean like game that that that happened yesterday. You may see that I've barely got a voice and you know know know so that's really all the Shout with the referee the officials unfortunately due to a lot of frustration and so probably.
3WuAyqc6CG1rMFCdSgYSL2.txt: What's up, friends, you're listening to the razor vibration podcast. This is she'll she'll she'll be your I mean uh host and each week. I'll be bringing you all the the the tips and tools you like like need to raise that Vibe become magnetic increase your your your energy and manifest your dream you know I mean life. So you're ready. Let's turn turn turn this baby up. So I want to fill I mean like you in in in on one of my key marketing strategies that has worked really effectively over you know uh uh uh the past year. And that is using this podcast as a platform to share my message message message uh like to connect with more like-minded human beings and really to bring new clients into into into my space you know uh a podcast is an amazing way to share. Whatever is is is whatever is whatever is on your heart Market okay I mean yourself create your brand and reach more people. There are so many people who are using podcast. I.
2r61XEL7n8RHgo3fJ9nf5W.txt: Goodies, welcome goodies, welcome goodies, welcome back to another ongoing series of Sherman that that that feeling my name. Is he um okay talking chilling Wellness acrobat David a little more more more Olive near the bottom of the okay I mean mood about to analyze the first Clause Clause Clause of the mishnah after the introduction pisciotta near like okay Toledo. And in that that that case the on these sticks his hand into the um you know house and and and either places something into the hand of the ball by it I mean like like like or take something out of his open hand and brings it out and and and then like so D is high up. Now I might have why is it clay of of of I'll be well I mean they're not Kira want to come here. I'll give him him him a call Marble uh I mean our boss one quick introduction the notion of carrying carrying carrying something involves really three acts. One I mean I mean act is Akira literally uprooting uprooting uprooting which means to pick something up from a place okay well of rest then then then to is traversing which is to either transfer it over a domain um you you you know boundary or for modem or in Russia. Tara beam and third is Hanukkah, which is to put it at rest at its destination.
2j9s3Qr3BS9vO5gL4nU0Ug.txt: Welcome to we're not there yet. My name is Dori. I'm sorry, and I'm I'm I'm so um Joe and Welcome to our first podcast recording so exciting. Okay, so so so so, um, I just you know I mean talked a little bit about myself. I I I am I am I am a massage therapist. And I work on different I mean uh uh uh type of client So based off of a studio in Westford, and I just hope hope hope people uh um feel better and just be able to move and have more energy energy energy. So that's so that's so that's pretty um okay much a little bit about what I do. I just think currently I'm working in a mental.
2x6cmLDqw6MTXStxK9L95G.txt: I'm going I'm going I'm going to let you all in on a a a little secret. It's how this I mean well podcast comes to be. Remember. I started just just just on YouTube, but I knew that I well like needed to get on on on audio. So I asked a buddy of mine who's a well well podcast producer producer producer. How do I do this? And he just told me anchor use I I I mean so anchor because it's the easiest way you can get a podcast on the the the Internet well like. It's also free. You can you can you can edit record record record your podcast right from your phone or well you know your computer and all all all in one place anchor will drop Distribute that podcast for you, well you know know know so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast Google podcasts and many more I mean mean mean I mean you can make money with no minimum listenership. So it doesn't matter matter matter how small you well I mean are. You can make money from your podcast. It's It's It's everything you need to make you know um a podcast all in one place place place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started that's anchored dot f m.
2LFJJhuPvjxhNLblmUaD2T.txt: Oh, we are back to the 26th interview episode of Home Advantage today. We We We you we you we you know you know are joined. Once again by Jani Yakima Yakima Yakima Hollis. This was a very special episode. I um I um I um so so so like these episodes because we don't really go through the chronological career of the the the competitor I mean um or the coach that we interview in this case. We interviewed interviewed interviewed. And since it was the second you know well time we had him on we'd already already already covered his career. And so I got to so like talk about a lot of of of things on this show and I had I'd get to um you know hear a lot lot lot of Yanni's Insight on a lot of different things and we okay okay kind kind kind of went through a couple topics one was his little brother Greg just just just so you know want his fifth State title High School in New York. And so so so we talked I mean uh a little bit about that and then Greg coming to Cornell. He's competing in the Pan Am championships coming up here soon and.
45jGOJudJlne7IK3IQgxG0.txt: Dana did you talk to your parents about sex growing up? Hmm? At all my my my so like mother. Yeah, but not by choice. Mmm, like my mom used to come come come into okay like my bathroom while I was showering and sit on my toilet and and and try to okay you know like Gap with me. Yeah, so like that just kind kind kind of paints a um um picture of like boundaries. So my mom definitely tried to to to talk to me about I mean like sex like at all costs, right and and and instead I would be like, maybe like okay pick a setting where like, I'm not true true true. Dentist all absent naked how about okay I mean setting? Oh and there's like a mirror mirror mirror right across from my back to our okay um it was like a a a glass shower. So it's so it's so it's like how can vulnerability be brought brought brought into well I mean this room more right? No. Yeah. She got like what a good good good time. Oh, like like look. I've caught you you're free. Ha ha ha. Why don't why don't why don't we just do need to talk?.
6wzrvh6GwhhlxGiTmRuWyO.txt: Hi guys. You're welcome to the be more with all the report cast. Thank Thank Thank you like so for joining me again, and you will not believe it guys guys guys. I promise well you know you it was not planned. I have another friend with with with me today. She came um like visiting for my health and lifestyle, you know, you have have have to get these things in okay like order for the journey ahead and we were just just just having conversations about, you know, doing uh I mean things by yourself. Cough now, now, now, you know, there's this whole part of it that like I mean says, you know, know, know, you have to collaborate and do all those great things. But there's also so so so like the part of you doing this goal this particular goal by yourself, but but but me like you know how far now you know, so I mean, we're just just just we're just going to flow today okay I mean and we just hope that you guys guys guys get what you need to from this podcast because the truth is sometimes the goal is not necessarily.
1e4jQDoZSO6aCyZzuvNeu9.txt: It was an unspeakable crime a young married couple and their four year old daughter daughter daughter okay so found brutally murdered in their home. And as if it couldn't couldn't couldn't get any worse, no one uh well knows who did it. If you enjoy this this this episode on the mysterious brick well so of murders and want to hear more like it it it check out our series unsolved you know like murders every Tuesday follow the clues question question question the facts and dig deeper into some of history's so you know most bewildering murders murders murders follow unsolved. Is free on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts you know know know okay. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this this this well okay episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault including the violent violent violent homicide of uh like a young girl that some people may find offensive. We advise we advise we advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. Richard Richard, do.
0Gp3JH3gkkOdDP2PQA99qI.txt: New ideas thought leading opinions and the latest ways of working. This is the podcast podcast podcast I mean okay. Hello, you're listening to the school leadership podcast brought to you you you by neht I mean so and naht Edge. This month's episode is a technology special in in in which we asked whether technology uh you know can support learning or if it's simply simply simply an enormous distraction. We consider what the well so next big Ed Tech Tech Tech development is likely to be and also this Gus whether or okay so not mobile mobile mobile devices should be banned from schools entirely engaging content and revealing insights in conversation conversation conversation um well with James Bowen Our Guest this month is Daisy Christodoulou. Daisy will will will daisy will daisy will be so uh well known to our regular podcast listeners. She's She's She's a she's a she's a former teacher and the author of so like a number number number of education-based books days. He's also currently the director of education at no more marking a provider of online comparative judgment in her latest book teaches versus.
6w72sFpoKZ0ddzWvXAnO0V.txt: Perhaps the perhaps the perhaps the most deceptively titled episode The Origin of Species was was was not actually about um um the fucking word genus species. But back but but but back but back to chapter 24 to see what it I mean I mean actually actually actually is about today. So I hope you enjoy. Welcome to biology for bastards like like like like teaching biology and the most profane way you've ever seen or heard. I'm your so so so like host John Doe D. Thanks for listening this season. We're going through AP Biology Biology Biology one I mean like chapter at a time this week. We're on the chapter 24, 24, 24, which is titled the Origin of Species, but it's not even fucking about Darwin like what the shit?.
33d0ek68jL2wO1cZ5KibGH.txt: Hi all 90-day Bri here with your tea on AfterBuzz TVs. 90-day fiance 90-day fiance fiance fiance 90-day fiance News I mean um Daily. We haven't gotten to see much of of of Stephanie on the new season of a for well uh the 90 days, days, days, but we know that she has a plastic anemia that her girlfriend from I mean mean mean you know the show lives in Australia and that her family is unaware that she's she's she's um um dating a woman what you might not know about Stephanie though is that that that she sells um okay naked photos of herself online. That's right. Stephanie has stephanie stephanie stephanie has stephanie has a patron where she has uh I mean content. That's a bit bit bit risque. It seems it seems it seems some people may have found this out you you you know so though as Stephanie took her Instagram stories to lay everything out out out. Out she states that she I mean I mean is not ashamed of this content content content and that having the patron has financed her I mean well documentary as well well well as other creative projects and it's also helped her income in general uh like. She ends ends ends it saying I'm a hello an advocate a writer a content you know know know I mean creator a dumbass. I'm allowed to be everything. I'm allowed to love whoever whoever whoever I like um want. I am not definable good for you girl. A woman should be be be allowed to do like I mean whatever she wants with her body and her her her patreon is 18 plus. So not just I mean I mean anyone can watch if you want to support her and her Patron head over to patreon.com.
7j9V5XkPLxnujBkSk2iWKv.txt: Keep a keep a keep a good distance from the microphone wasn't right with my my my favorite you who's that uh you know guy next to him? Welcome back back back to topics of Interest with Nick and I mean uh Mark. I am I am am am I am your host Nick Harrigan and I'm the other host Marc you know okay okay okay Murphy. And today we have a very special guest Tyler Nord everyone Tyler like like your your your part-time host. Yeah. Let's get it. So Mark, so Mark, so Mark, Mark Mark, Mark, Mark, New Tyler like you know and college so how'd you guys meet we met met met sophomore year in chemistry lab you know I mean. Yeah. So we I barely showed showed showed the chemistry but marked had a deep chemistry. We first I mean you know met but but but it was there be but it was there. We took the we just just just say okay you know major so we had all the same classes together and decide to to to sit by each well so other and this is Back when Mark was a Maki, correct. Yeah. We were both mechanical engineering Majors before he gave up.
4dYF6D4G0WG6dHG6KmY52Z.txt: My name is Aaron Ross. And this is the dirt Confessions of a tree tree tree you know well planter art for this podcast comes from another tree planter Bethany Bethany Bethany Davis as part you know I mean of her illustration series follow the trees trees trees. This is a podcast about tree planting I mean uh as a reforestation practice in the the the Civic culture industry tree plungers are a you know well collective of people who spend spend spend much of their lives replenishing the logged area with New Forest I mean mean mean um. However tree however tree however tree planting is so much more than than than the physical act of planting thousands I mean I mean of seedlings in the the the ground day after day as a Job, it is about the connections like so so so experiences bonds and memories that last a lifetime. The dirt is a place to to to shed light like you know on the culture that is mostly contained within those who have have have stuck with shovel in you know so the ground. It is it is it is is is meant to dive deep into all things tree planting well um as as as a place for those to reminisce relate more to learn. So wherever so wherever wherever wherever so wherever you're okay okay coming from as any tree planter would say May the planting Gods be with you. Hey everyone, I.
69xMTXfqvfRtiD2CPjqhtI.txt: What's up, everybody Anton curly here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back um um to to to the podcast in today's episode. We're going to talk about what products you you you should um so not drop ship now when you're doing research and you're looking to to to get into e-commerce or okay you know build a new store or launch a a a new product line. There are there are there are three different uh I mean levels of of of where you want to research to make sure you're choosing the right uh uh products products products. Now, the first level is the niche level. That's the that's the that's the the the highest one, right? so well What type of products do you want to sell and and and after you lock? Didn't you like I mean want to move to the supplier level level level and make sure that the suppliers you know well you're finding are ones ones ones. You actually want to work with if you want uh you know to make make make money doing this and then finally the deepest level is the product level level level um you know. So what I'm going to share with you in this this this podcast is what to look uh um for at all three levels to make sure sure sure you're not wasting your time. If you decide you know like to build one of these these these stores and actually build a real business now before we I mean uh get get get into it, I should let you know that if this all sounds good to you and you're looking to build your very own highly profitable semi-automated.
4gBSZTNHHJobCilXC2PY1F.txt: Orange Theory Fitness is a one-hour full-body group workout. That makes that makes that makes makes makes it simple for like so you to get more life. We focus on heart rate rate rate Based training guaranteed um okay to produce results from the inside out. Our workout workout workout is backed by science and proven like like to burn more calories post-workout Track by technology technology technology. So you can monitor your um uh results in real time. Each workout is inspired inspired inspired and led by certified coaches uh okay to make sure you don't overtrain or or or under train. So what are you currently um um doing to get more life out out out of your workout? That's what OTF Milford and this you know I mean mean mean Seek to help you with. All right. So, let's kick it up you guys okay like like like I'm here with Coach Zach coach Heidi coach Francis and a special guest you guys know, where is Audrey? She has.
45aQVnTm5m78jAo856S6Qq.txt: Welcome to Bible at bedtime a podcast where I Amber Lawton read Bible passages to so so so um help you fall asleep. You know, you know, you know, I started this podcast because because because I've had trouble falling uh so asleep and I found that over the years when when when I listen to the word so well of God. I'm able to settle down. And find find find peace and fully rest And so uh uh as you listen to night night night focusing on the word of God. Let It Be an well I mean inspiration to you you you To bring you peace and to allow you to fully rest. Go ahead. And get in a comfortable position. Making sure.
6EesVpPcL55oDP2zRr6qI9.txt: In today's episode featuring Lenny and fail in you might hear something like this. Hey, Hey, Hey, okay like you want to know why my brain doesn't work, right if you text K K K out you know well there, how dare you I thought we weren't using the word Crazy Crazy Crazy Light it on I mean um fire watch it there and we're reclaiming crazy during during during a manic. I was like braised like well. I hate you. Don't leave me me me who came up with this list given on the like uh bird. I love 7-Eleven my my my childhood should I sit on this couch and recline you're okay so reacting to to to literally everything through borderline. But I love friends. I'm Monica Geller okay um and I hate hate hate it but I've accepted it album coming soon everybody. Hi and welcome I mean mean mean you know to my side of crazy. My name is Shelby tweetin and I'm failing failing failing Villa dough I mean so and we have a show for you. Any you're any you're you're you're any you're supposed to introduce yourself you know so know that I was was was supposed to introduce myself there. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm on the mic today. So we are on the.
38ijvgTtLPjjnmCxkTzL0j.txt: Wait, you're so just like let me interject real quick. That is a spicy spicy spicy you know well hot take. Oh my golly. I tell ya. All right. Well, it it it has to start with like okay the club because covid always starts it with with with the club. Welcome back. Everyone to know uh uh soups. Given this is a Ross Ross Ross cast all about the American Collegiate raw circuit. My name uh like is radhika radhika radhika and I'm Global and today we have one of our guests. Shravan. What's up? Oh Oh Oh um you know God. That was that was that was so hot somatic. Yo, Yo, Yo, it's your boy. I would like to apologize well so to anyone that was was was wearing headphones. All right. Yes, so we have strong on well well he is is is a UCSD Alum. He was on Ross All-Stars 11 board with uh uh us and now he he he lives in Seattle. So shravan give us a little bit about yourself. What you what you what you what you.
1hjsMwfmydIpcC1VzJLOh3.txt: I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yes or no. Did Did Did I mean you know you ever take banned substances to enhance your cycling performance? Yes Yes Yes. I had no I mean um prior knowledge of the planned assault on Nancy Kerrigan Kerrigan Kerrigan. I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible well like and selfish behavior. I engaged in in in. Ladies and gentlemen, it is. Oops the podcast we are um okay joined as always always always by Francis Ellis. Hey, I'm here and we have a so you know special special special guest today Mateo Lane High buongiorno. I done I done I done special guests have have have started 40 minutes ago, you know uh but I came in with my PR person person person my lighting crew my director my I like so mean, I really divided up walking walking walking sure I did this Andrew Collins to but to okay uh be fair when I I I was at his podcast like three years ago. I walked in like so and and and he told me on the spot that it was going to be on on on camera and uh um it was Pouring rain. I look I look I look like shit shit shit Mike. You have to let people okay okay fucking know you're going to be on fucking camera. I let him have it like 20 minutes.
72OE9HdC3ZkPOiZEBpNpHd.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm an Gordon here with your your your day. My okay okay husband my friend and Kavita our Daffy today is Brock hot hot hot summer. That's 60. We so like are in the really in the final stretch stretch stretch. It's hard to believe and it's so I mean very exciting. I want to notify notify notify you all again about our CM our like like virtual CM that is that will will will take place on Sunday, March 8 10 like so a.m. Eastern standard time and 5 5 5 p.m. Israel time and wherever you live in uh I mean the world, you you you can associate you know the time that your clock with that with those like so hours hours hours. We are still collecting people to contribute. Some people have come forward. We're very grateful.
0Q5bVkfjtdM02XqYGdXDH6.txt: Do you do you do you own a business or have you been thinking about about about starting one? If so, if so, if so, like like we're excited to share our our our free Guide to the 11 essential business tools that successful like uh entrepreneurs are are are using to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / create to well well well you know access your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg wwwsoffcorg. Forward slash create. Well, okay so the only other thing I was wondering wondering wondering about is and I think I've um well sort of got an answer but I I I noticed that I'm not as unconditional as unconditionally aligned so um as as as I'd like to be and I am affected sometimes by other people if there's some I I I mean um negativity and affects me and I dip and so say that in a different way. I'm focused in a world of variety and sometimes by my.
0hanwxxWNkOIhQ2WGVPgDZ.txt: Hey, welcome back for for the road everybody in the house punk rock. We're We're We're um um here with Usual Suspects. We also we also also also we also got Dennis the founder operator and super gangster um like from Murder Town Town Town USA. Our favorite clothing company. That is that is that is how you doing doing doing today man. Doing uh so great man. Yeah if you excited this year, it's it's it's like a first like um thing right for yeah. I have never done done done a podcast before. Hey severe that's so so case scenario, but I like like like you guys so fuck it. Get the get the get the fucking bucket. Let's okay so so so do this. Yeah. Well, don't worry about it. Nobody listens to us. Anyway so so so anyway so anyway so so you know fucking yeah, we got like real faithful follower follower follower and I feel bad every time we put like okay something out because I know know know we're just letting him down. Yeah. Hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, don't don't don't worry and you know I mean don't worry. Dennis is giving out free t-shirts. Everybody likes this video. That's not true.
1vpmTwn03rR6VMZZOv29KC.txt: Hello, I'm Savvy Gandhi and I am cushy shh and this is a space well well well well docks podcast where we cover all things space in this podcast. We will will will be uh so covering all the latest space related news. As well as well well well as well as talking about interesting Technologies or um I mean discoveries that anyone anyone anyone interested in the field may want to know about right from the um well Apollo mission mission mission to the first image of the black hole to the latest news so like like like on Starship to the Artemis program to take us back to the moon. So if if if uh uh like us you are another parking space and what to stay stay stay up-to-date with all okay so that is happening in the field. This is the podcast you want to be listening to space talks is a bi-monthly podcast and a.
4FCEDTngcC5R8G46Dd2Hhb.txt: The following the following the following content contains adult subject matter including sensitive material material material and is intended for adult consumption only um I mean it may not be be be suitable for all audiences. Therefore discretion is advised Takashi. 6-9 like you know was kidnapped kidnapped kidnapped pistol-whip robbed and ended up in the hospital. According to TMZ. All so so so so I saw was the gun amazing when I woke up. I was in in in the back so like seat of the car. Kidnap and kidnap and kidnap and and and and beat up a little bit to you okay um know, I definitely brought brought brought it back down a human level. And I and I and I started talking talking talking to God you know you know. I'm like I'm like I'm like you don't only only only when I could get me out of this. Welcome I mean like to Infamous the the the Takashi 6-9 story a Spotify original podcast in partnership with complex. This series explores Takashi six nines meteoric rise to the top of the.
4qUfA4SJE37KDe4UQ7theq.txt: Today on the show. We explore we explore we explore the fork in the road that that that can lead a like okay hero to fighting himself in a story of of of two lighthouses. Welcome to lure party um like the podcast that explores the story's story's story's characters and universes behind some of our favorite video like well games. I'm Caleb. I'm I'm I'm Kevin and my name is Leo. And today we're exploring so like two Paths of One One One Life. This episode this episode this episode is going to have Major Spoilers Spoilers Spoilers for BioShock Infinite um you know. And so like if you haven't played BioShock BioShock BioShock Infinite, how did you make it uh um this far into the podcast that I don't like don't answer that pause the episode played BioShock Infinite play it.
0vaCNZvg9cLKkY5WKJl8QS.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Mom Hood, it's Wednesday. We're so we're so we're so so so glad that you're here you know um. I hope you guys are having a beautiful beautiful beautiful week. We are stoked because today is part well uh 2 of the October Gonzalez Gonzalez Gonzalez interview and we have been absolutely dying to well okay release this one. So So So this so this so this episode focuses all on marriage and motherhood and man. There There There um like are some nuggets up in here. I can't wait for you guys to hear hear hear uh um it. If this is the first one that you're tapping on I I I do recommend. Going um um back and listening to part 1 it's not absolutely imperative imperative imperative. But I do think that all I mean okay of the information in part to to to her story all her tips the way that I mean you know she parents it's it's it's all like so much more interesting and almost more like valuable I mean okay okay okay when you know where she came from part 1 is all about her life life life I mean okay as a young girl how she was parented her family story Dynamic Dynamic Dynamic her as a young so okay woman and it's fascinating and it makes her her her marriage and motherhood style that much more interesting and I think that's how it is for.
3SxE188dmuDZeTLiZ1NbFB.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers. You're a morning and night. Do you brushing brushing brushing show like you know start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side and and and brush the I mean you know inside outside and chewing side of each tube. It's heroines heroines heroines week and every day um um we're talking about real life heroic women from from from history. Today is heroines are a pair I mean I mean of sisters who who who fought for the freedom of their country their names were Trung truck uh you know know know and Trung knee. A long long time ago the Trung sisters were born born born in um I mean a country in Asia called Vietnam. Their dad was a a a powerful man and have them so so trained in martial arts back in those days Vietnam Vietnam Vietnam was controlled by a country called China, but many of the Vietnamese people wanted to control their own.
6Ni4Uo0XSrZXjqCsyHH5II.txt: Today's Tagalog word of the day is K begun being a British Filipino can can can be a um um long thing, you know, so let's get into this week's week's week's Chase Smith. Hey guys, well so it's your girl JT and your girl Giselle Giselle Giselle and your girl Gigi and hello I mean like. We're joined by special special special special guest and he goes by the name of re uh okay free. Rio well well well rio well rio well Cambria found a how was your day? How was your your your day tiring so well long as it was productive. That's all that matters. Come Come Come on, the love okay well that now Monday. Let's go energy energy energy energy gun. So guys so guys so guys as you know, our Tagalog like um word word word of the day is Kai begun and what the sky Regan mean is it co begun.
6tqvY1SB8QluFlLiNfw3Kc.txt: Now Sports talk with brodes here's Hunter Brody Yui, yui you is the fires are are are okay well so nasty. They are now tied with the Washington Capitals in in in first place um like of the Metropolitan. Well, technically I understand the Caps are still in first first first place due okay like to the tiebreak, which is crazy to me that that that head-to-head. Is it the tiebreaker because that so uh would make the most sense, sense, sense, but of course not listen, I don't care if technically like well they're they're they're not in first. All I all I all I care about is when you look at the the the points it well you know is tied. This very this very this very moment moment moment and just the fact that that is the situation we I mean you know are are are discussing right now is what makes me so happy. So the Flyers beat okay I I I mean the Carolina Hurricanes four to one on a second half of a back-to-back back back back in the day maybe earlier this season I would have been concerned about this game.
7E4Sf3dEAqMAzgGwwZvT79.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and the uh you know topic of today's video is going to be going going going with the flow and um well I got an email here from a client of mine mine mine that I've been coaching for is you know okay probably since late last year by eight eight eight eight nine months. I guess. I've been um you know coaching him now. Well maybe maybe maybe longer so he sent me this email and he's got uh like a couple of of of situations that he's asking me about so he basically he meets okay uh his All All All at a concert and I guess his group and her group of friends um okay okay okay kind of emerged at some point, and she listened this. She says that she so so so I mean told him to text her later and then he says, but I just told her if she wanted to meet up.
6VIlDWxH6CVNFTFEV5ffLU.txt: My habit by its Natalie welcome you to another episode of kazursky Dodgers a a a you know okay podcast for and by Philippine X Millennials and edges Hello. Mohabbat by by by this is um okay not Billy Ray Cyrus. This is huge. I feel I I I feel I feel in here and Martin well you know. Hey, what's up, and and and you're listening to good. So my God Bernard in I I mean like everything about about about what I mean. My forbidden things knocking ago and nothing, but uh well what's what's what's that Drogo? What's a draugr my I love saying among. I know monkey. I uh uh uh okay don't believe nothing going in secret. We can talk about things that you already did and maybe you're planning to do that. It'll do nothing.
1eByVXjS1xk4NUnmVdSG2q.txt: Hello and welcome to that's akitaka great episode for you today lot of stuff stuff stuff okay I mean to talk about a lot of stuff off the ice, which I I I want uh you know to get to First. The NHL the NHL the NHL is is is apparently unveiling a new Puck filled with Quote okay okay unquote electronics and they're going going going to be testing out during the playoffs. This is so like the first first first time they're going to throw it in used at least that we know well you you you know of so read a little article about this AQ and we were just just just talking about I mean I mean this before we went live here. They've apparently they've they've they've apparently they've apparently used this puck in a couple games so so during during during the regular season without telling the teams or players that they were using it I I I mean well. They've given they've given they've given it to a few of the Superstar Superstar Superstar players throughout the league the practice with okay I mean the see if if if they can notice anything feedback was generally positive. Of course only one player noticed some issues with it. No Sidney Crosby. He said he could notice.
2Y8jc5V7n6TUyF5gFXzr5C.txt: Hey guys. I just wanted to take one second to tell you guys about anchor okay okay okay okay which is the platform. I used to make this podcast. If you haven't heard heard heard I mean you know about anchor its easiest way to make a podcast and and and let me explain it's free you know well. There's creation tools that allow you to to to record and edit your podcast right from your phone like well or computer. Anchor will will will distribute your podcast for you. So you can be okay you know heard on things things things like Spotify Apple podcast many more you can make money from your podcast uh uh uh you know with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need to make a podcast in in in uh uh one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot you know uh f m-- to get started today. Hey guys, welcome to another another another episode of Laguna Beach the I mean okay podcast. Thank you so much for tuning tuning tuning in as always. It's your host Kelly. So excited like uh to be here feel feel feel like I just sounded like Heidi like so excited but um so we we we got our finale of Love is Blind this past week, and I know there is a reunions coming up on Tuesday or Wednesday. I think or.
0HSHHiZJZfqDUYzfxpbdqc.txt: When I when I when I made the decision to document the storage papers in in in the form of uh well a podcast, I found anchor to be the the the easiest way to create it by uh uh using anchor I'm able to to to share this show with you absolutely free. Anchor gives like I mean you everything you you you need in one place and you can produce the show right from um well your your your phone tablet or computer. They're easy to use creation tools allow anyone okay okay okay okay with the app to record and edit a podcast. It so it it it sounds great I mean um. They'll even distribute your podcast for you. So it it it can be heard everywhere podcasts you know I mean can be found that includes includes includes Spotify Apple podcasts Google podcasts and more. You can also okay so easily make money from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. So download the anchor app well okay or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and let me know when you do so I can check out your show.
3ITngE4g63580uYRhbtVc0.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast you know I mean. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. You don't don't don't have to put well you know any money up front for someone who's starting out out out podcasting. That's a pretty big deal. There like well are creation tools that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your well um phone or or or computer. You have to go out and spend a lot of money buying software you you you know like paying for recording equipment anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So it so it it it so it can be uh uh heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many more and the best part like you know you can make money from your podcast with with with no minimum listenership. It's everything you um so need to make a podcast in in in one place doubled the free anchor app or go you know okay to Anchor dot dot dot. F m-- to get started reads ranches proud apart with Marcos like you know know know Garza and the Garza Law Firm. Find yourself needing a lawyer for a DUI DUI DUI um okay. If you if you if you need a criminal defense lawyer, if you you you need a personal injury lawyer, so so Mark, Rose Garza and his team can can can handle all three Garza. Law.com 8 law.com 8 law.com 8 6 5 5 4 0 8300 before you say.
2zUVNVzOQQBue7PieuSQnj.txt: If anyone wants to get dishes and dimes game credentials. Death taxes and losing losing losing to the well like Charlotte Hornets a shovel Hello everyone. Welcome to the March 1st episode episode episode of dishes I mean you know and dimes were a raptor podcast featuring featuring featuring a rotating cast of eight women so well hosts today. You have got Sarah, that's me me me and Iman. Hey mon. Hello I hello I hello I mean okay greatest month ever. Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo Whoo-hoo. Yes, bring yes, bring yes, bring a head waiting for some sunlight. And just wanted to remind everyone that we are recording this before tonight's game at.
5RVYMzhywXmR1zgdMBVLdo.txt: the book the book the book of Acts chapter 1 In my former book book book Theophilus, I wrote about all well you know that Jesus began to do do do and to teach until the day he was taken up uh so to heaven heaven heaven after giving instructions through the Holy Spirit to the apostles. He had chosen I mean mean mean you know after his suffering. He presented himself to them and gave many convincing convincing convincing proofs like like that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of 40 40 40 days and I mean like spoke about the kingdom of God on one one one occasion while he was eating with them he gave them this And do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for.
5TBGa9P2t85xYoCwY4Kg4L.txt: Hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package so um a podcast. I I I wanted to take a brief moment today to let you know about like uh the the the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some of the more more more important I mean I mean aspects are actually having a service to host host host and distribute the show as well as like like software to record each episode for for for the longest time. I actually paid money to you know I mean host the packet packet packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also um so so so using different software as I tried to record but not anymore anchor gives gives gives I mean you know me everything we need to record host and Ribbit our podcast for for for free either well like from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not only that anchor actually actually actually gives us the opportunity well well to make money with no minimum listenership. If you're serious about about about starting your own podcast, like you know you better be serious about using anchor anchor anchor download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
0bmAYEtB7OBEMAZId0hrrS.txt: Hey, what's up? My people? Hope you're all doing well. And you ready to hear hear hear um okay from another friend of the show. He's definitely someone I should have have have called before now okay so as he's one of the few people I've I've I've played with whom I looked up to um you know for a very very long long long time firstly for the way conduct himself on the field but um well also off off off the field as well. So without further Ado, here's my conversation okay uh with with with Premier League winner and good friend. My darling let's go like so. Please enjoy. Just Just Just what I needed just what I needed. How are you my brother? um I I I um I um I mean That's all how are you bro? I'm good, man. I'm I'm I'm good. It's going on like well. Yeah, um, you know, same old same same same old. I need to start this though with I mean okay a bit bit bit of respect here. It's the same thing. I did with Micah same thing. I did with John. So I see ya Siri. I spoke to Alexa.
2NxRH9r6rj3KXfhVw0VzJ5.txt: Peace and love everyone. Have you heard about anchor it's the easiest way way way to okay okay make a podcast and it's free their creation tools that you can can can use to like um record and edit your podcast from your phone and your computer an an an anchor will uh uh distribute the podcast for you. So you can be heard heard heard on every platform I mean uh such as Spotify and apple you can even even even make money from your podcast. It's everything you I mean uh need in one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- you know um to get started. Can't wait to hear what you have to say. Peace and love your magic Love Queen.
0JTvIJIMxjQIpEQ833IhDh.txt: Well, this is pretty cool. I'm very stoked to see you doing this my friend like like like like. Hello and welcome to the real fun podcast. My name my name name name my name is Darren McGee like so. Thanks. Once again for joining me that intro intro intro came from my boy Avi of Iron uh so Lion soap. He is a fantastic soap soap soap maker based in Southern California. The company is so uh Iron Lion soap. You can can can find them on Instagram at Iron Lion soap and you know so iron line soapcom soapcom soapcom. They make Just a beautiful array of natural soaps that I am so well well well you know in love with and so grateful that I made the connection with with with Avi, and we you know um had a chance to collaborate on a t-shirt design for for for the company and I'm grateful that this relationship has been formed and that I could to receive such beautiful.
6P7EDq65iYGaSqYAhF0pau.txt: Right. Here we go. Welcome to welcome to welcome to acres of diamonds. This This This is actually the first time we're I mean you know going to talk about the the the Acres of diamonds program in total and we're going you know so to talk talk talk to a real live student graduate of Acres of diamonds miss any uh um um um Coughlin. You got the last call going wrong Coghlan cog-lin. No, I no, no, no, I no, I think you have it um you know wrong. Good week. Do Do Do you do you do you have your parents on speed dog? We talk talk talk to um like them. Well, actually my dad's death so we can't call him. Oh, Oh, Oh, that's probably well um could I you didn't you didn't learn enough in acres acres acres of diamonds. If like so you think we can talk to your dad somehow somehow somehow communicate with them. Yeah. Yeah, like okay trust me trust me. Well, I talked to to to Marcus. So I'm so I'm so I'm assuming you can talk I mean mean mean well to your dad occasionally. Yes. Yes, so he may not answer right right right away, right, but okay okay me I have ways. Yes, is there I talk I talked to Marcus so I meant deaf.
0nTnGUIjhrlVQB9u5xNwea.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon you know know know um Whistler in this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These These These uh like are the audio versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube. If If If um uh you enjoy this show, please do consider leaving us a review on on on Apple podcasts or Oye okay so podcast. Also, you are say hi to me on social social social media on Instagram Twitter all like I mean of that stuff. I am am am I am I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to to to so like me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get get get into it. Hello. I'm I mean uh Simon West Earlier, you're watching top 10 internet internet internet. And in the video today. We're looking like um at the top 10 ways ways ways to manipulate your brain without using drugs number 10, so so the strange link link link between infrasound and ghostly apparitions many people will tell you that at well okay one one one point or another they have had some experience where they thought thought thought they heard a sound okay you know when nothing should be there or they saw saw saw an apparition that led them to um um believe that a place was haunted nearly always these stories involve the same basic details and structure people.
3XbB2jLfM9B62CfFVy6Xay.txt: Hello again, everybody. I'm dr. Steve Brule this I'm the principal of Lincoln high Central and and and um okay your host for everything Central my guest. This episode will be seniors seniors seniors who were uh uh recently honored for earning the highest academic honor Ed Central Central Central summa cum laude at the end I mean you know of seven semesters. We had had had 29 seniors out of approximately four hundred and ninety who um like have earned a a a GPA of 5.0 and above today. We have a couple of so well those Those Those Those students with us Beth Wilson and George Burchfield. Thanks for being you know um with with with us today guys. What I'd like you to do is state your you know uh uh uh name and the activities you've been involved with at Central I'm Georgia Burchfield. I'm well uh involved involved involved with mathletes boys lacrosse football soccer and basketball. I'm Beth Wilson and I'm involved involved involved um okay with lots of music things pep band marching band jazz band Symphony. Lots of stuff great. So both of you.
1oOmPmtzHT72PwGmQql1ef.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back back back we're back we're back okay like with an update on the new coronavirus because well well well things have escalated. In the last so um few weeks new cases of of of this virus have been going up and up as of um um right now. There There There are about 90 thousand cases and more than 3,000 dead. And this uh I mean virus has has has spread fast outside of China with more than 70 countries now affected and we're we're we're um I mean starting to feel it here in the US. Tonight the governor of of of Washington you know so declaring a state of emergency after the first known coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus death in the US. The virus you know you know has killed at at at least nine people in this country. We just keep hearing about more and okay okay okay you know more infections. There are now at least 100 cases of coronavirus in 14 states around the u.s. Not just one or two or three.
7pXKuHWbih8qvwxdHDL6QH.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let me I mean okay explain it's free. Its creation tools that that that allow you to record and edit your podcast from well you know your phone or or or computer. Anchor will distribute pop your podcast for you. So you know uh it can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make um um money from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to uh so make make make a podcast in one place. Because obviously because obviously because obviously we wouldn't wouldn't wouldn't be able to do this so um without anchor. So thank you anchor forced upon upon upon stirring us download the free anchor so well app or go to Anchor dot. F F F m-- to get started. Hey everybody. We just I mean like wanted to let you you you know for this one starts. It's not a full podcast like you know know know night. We just we just we just have an interview with Matt Stokes of Mount Olive Olive Olive baseball well well and y'all do a special special edition this week. We're still be be be back for the regular podcast on Sunday night, but we had opportunity to talk with Matt.
4UDyrkdN2UXKz5skVrhYLt.txt: Roll it again. Probably Britain's greatest Star Wars podcast. You're listening to the Star Star Star Wars I mean well session with Matt Hudson and Luke Bly the fun begins. Good Good Good morning good morning good morning afternoon or evening wherever okay like you are in in in the galaxy and welcome to Star Wars sessions come for the you know well Star Wars Wars Wars stay for the sessions. My name is Matt. And I Ka achar Jabba well okay the the the Hutt and joining me as ever in the cockpit of the Essex Falcon so so so you know is too great a Star Wars Man Fan and Buddy out there and everybody who saw the higher.
1yFB7vDET2XNWJfywuXr20.txt: Everyone welcome back to product for the internet. I'm one of the co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts cam like I mean and I'm here with Eric and puts this feel feel feel even I live in Ohio Eric lives I mean well in Michigan and we're we're we're recording from separate states. We talk about pop culture. We talk uh I mean about conspiracy conspiracy conspiracy theories regarding pop culture. And today we're talking about Dan Schneider to okay okay okay like was the creator With a lot of Nickelodeon shows that we both both both watch when we were well okay younger and we're basically going to to to be talking about how wacky is there's a okay you know lot of different elements elements elements to him in a lot of different components that we have to so uh get into into into so there it's going to start. All right. Yeah. So like Kim said said said well um Dan Schneider if you grew up in the late 90s early 2000s, he probably made a good percent of what shows and movies.
5dHnbv7UpYFl39OzLihVzz.txt: Yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard about about about anchor it's you know you know the app I'm using it is definitely the the the easiest one to use it's free and I mean um there's creation tools straight in the the the app that allow you to edit your well uh podcast from your phone or or or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple okay well and many more more more without having to do anything which is great and you can make um so so so money from the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great man. You You You like so gotta grind you got to get to where you're going. So it's so so so it's so it's everything you need well you know to do all one place place place and to download the app go to anchor on the you know okay okay okay App Store anchored on FM online to get Started let's get in the madness madness madness uh okay. What's going on? Everyone? Rob everything and YG. You're welcome to episode episode episode 2 of everything okay uh and YG's Madness. I'm excited to get into it. The first first first episode alone did amazing so I mean. I'm so I'm so I'm so thankful thankful thankful for you guys tuning in and checking it out and reviewing it okay like like like and everything of that nature. I really really do appreciate it. And I genuinely hope you enjoyed it. But the.
4fd42uc21rsj9ymBoYWxV6.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and and and then topic I mean I mean of today's newsletter is going to be what what what to do when your girl goes well uh psycho. So obviously so obviously so obviously obviously obviously I've got two good friends of mine. Dr. Dominic Deanna who you um you know know know have met and then Ashley, Miss Ashley. Who is with us the other other other so I mean day and we got a bunch of questions if people wanted wanted wanted to ask because okay like obviously the video that we posted the other day people people people had some questions because uh I mean there it's like talked about in my first first first book 3% man that you can um okay actually end a relationship healthfully healthfully healthfully not full of anger and resentment and hate and so okay cursing each each each other out and Keen each other's cars and doing shitty things and saying shitty things you guys or it I got yes you can.
4YOq90opfiBsc3MwflzFbJ.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to frog and the dragon. This is this is this this this is the first episode um like of podcasts devoted to cube in this season season season. We want to show you guys well okay the basics of the format and and and gradually over time build you up to your I mean okay own Cube. Each episode episode episode will be focusing on a different aspect of cube design and uh uh uh you know hopefully like say in a couple weeks time. You'll have your your your very own Cube. Ooh, like like I'm John by Rupert freaking. Oh, yeah grits grits grits from Germany. Hello, and I'm thankful file I mean I mean coming from the lovely island island island of Ireland. So Rupert, what are we here to do? like okay So essentially we are trying trying trying to give you a short rundown as this for this well I mean first first first episode on what the former cube is all about and like what types of QP you should or can consider when building your own right? So.
65COV7d8fqV18YMr9msAjy.txt: Welcome back to the Vagabond views. We have a thin crowd tonight. It It It is right now like so. It is me Jared and Gabe the original crew. We have have have local bartender Courtney Nance well well coming through later today. But until she gets gets gets here it is just yo boys you know I mean. Did you feel I'd say say say a pretty we're back to the back to the you know you know roots roots roots. We're going back to her Roots. I'd say I'd say The Boys Are Back so so so like In Town. That's another that's another that's another good way to say. Yeah, I'd I'd I'd say that the dogs are who you know so let the Dogs Out Request would you say say say that I wouldn't have chosen to I mean so say it myself but but but but you're okay with you need okay? Yeah, as long as you're um well with with with me saying that I'm gonna hate it always support your right to see you know like like like random things. I support my right to party and you always you got to fight fight fight you know like for that right? Sure. It's what I've always heard always said like so so so it to live lives. I'm concerned this town one word that's built on rock and roll.
3m4kESfM7FFqOxh9hs48rz.txt: Hey exercise confidence listeners today. I am sitting down with Bree Guillory Bree Bree Bree and well so I became good friends when we were taking an anatomy lab lab lab at okay uh Cal State Long Beach Bree was actually taken the course course course because she was uh you know preparing to apply to occupational therapy school. She has has has recently been admitted and well okay we are so proud of her Bree also has has has a background in kinesiology, which is like I mean what she studied for her her her undergraduate major and when she was still studying that so like she also also also played basketball NCAA Division II at Cal State East Bay. So this woman like like like you know has a lot of knowledge about not only how to exercise exercise exercise but also how to exercise you know you know confidence. We're going to dive into into into some of the ways in which she's faced some really uh so tough situations and she's she's she's had to pull out that inner strength to keep going in the you know well well well face of some situations where she did not think she can make it through. I'm really excited for you to hear her story and I apologize.
6MaijKHa5MU0MsdS0yVZHE.txt: Welcome to 9 by Design. I'm eating all church and I'm bringing you human design design design um well and business for the modern entrepreneur. I'm a I'm a a a I'm a leading human design expert and energetic alignment um uh business coach. I lead lead lead entrepreneurs like you to shift your business where it's not working so uh uh uh uh that it starts to work for you through human design and Alignment you you you experience well like the flow. The he's the he's the he's integrity and undeniable undeniable undeniable magnetism impact and of course income each you know well week. I'm going going going to be bringing you the human design and business in a way you you you know uh that you've never experienced it before. Let's Dive In Hey guys, welcome to align align align by um um design. It is a me all church. I am so excited for you to be here. If you are a new.
5LJ33LdXWhqOu1KNad6D5q.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms beard okay you you you know care and much much more all of their products are natural wholesome and prayerfully prayerfully prayerfully designed um like and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of life and and and to promote uh like prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion for ten percent off off off your entire order um I mean use promotional code Rua at checkout. And please check out out out the link in like so the show notes. Today's episode today's episode today's episode is is is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this I mean um Lent we can't recommend recommend recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online Retreat will help like like you you you meditate on the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything is online and at your your your well I mean own pace and you can find the time to listen listen listen to the five inspiring I mean uh speakers and 19. Total talks total total total talks total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
2uvuj2kUHvdwuwKIaPV6xI.txt: July 16th 1982 was just another normal evening for George Carrillo the 42 year old old old you know um came home from a long day at work and kissed his girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend Juanita Lopez okay uh over dinner. He glanced out a window to watch the the the Summer sun setting over San Jose you know uh the largest city in Northern, Northern, Northern, California. But his life wasn't as idyllic as it um I mean seemed after dinner dinner dinner. He went to his bedroom and injected himself with Heroin just like most uh uh uh you know nights but right away something felt different. It was all wrong. The drugs drugs drugs burned hot uh like through his veins unlike anything. He'd ever experienced before he began began began to you know like hallucinate and eventually passed out into a narcotic induced sleep sleep sleep. The next the next the next morning he awoke with a start he could barely move. It.
6qU70I7BJ4nYMgX56r5nLr.txt: Good morning, good morning, good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market briefing podcast for for for series eighty fifth like you know of March 20 20 yesterday. We got the GDP GDP GDP data for the December quarter, which uh uh means it is basically the the the status quo before the bush fires and coronavirus hit okay like we saw saw saw the annual economic growth head risen 22.2% up from 1.8% This means well so so so that GDP was up by 0.5% in December quarter, this was larger than than than the 0.4% that well um economists were expecting. This does show that the the the RBA is reading at the economy was um I mean at a gentle turning turning turning points towards the end of last year was correct you know um. However, it it it however, it however, it looks like that gentle turning points has turned into an S S S okay I mean turn due to the fires and the coronavirus this data will be used as a baseline to determine how much stimulus.
1Jzr0NPKtscqfyNa08GGos.txt: This week's episode is all about working away from the home Mamas and you you you know like the stay-at-home moms. And we just kind of want to share share share our experiences since I mean I mean I stay at home with my kids kids kids Sam works out of the home and just like I mean kind of bring a a a little bit of insight and show you that there are really well so great great great things. There are some really messy Parts about each roll. So go and like like like okay do whatever you do when you listen to podcasts whether you're cleaning your kitchen kitchen kitchen or like uh throw your kiddos in their stroller and go for a walk walk walk and let's chat you know like. Hey mamas, I'm Sam and I'm Taryn and together. We're We're We're the we're the we're the messy Mama's we've created the you know um messy Mama pod because because because we've both experienced the messiness that motherhood brings. We're completely we're completely we're completely unfiltered I I I mean um and unapologetically ourselves as we chat about all things motherhood. Once a month month month were going so so to be spotlighting one of you mama's so that you can can can share your story advocate okay um for your babies and connect with the other messy messy messy moms in our community dry. Shampoo well um is our best friend in in in this shirt may or may not be Queen. Our lives our lives our lives are completely chaotic.
4hpPS0w6NyfsELjVJINliB.txt: Welcome to level out with Cheryl and Danny way he to help you take your your your so uh health Fitness and wants it to the next level. It's time to to to level up. Hello and hello and hello and okay okay welcome to episode 14 of of of level up with Cheryl and Danny today's episode is called well okay movement is medicine medicine medicine. I just rolls off the tongue doesn't it? Does it does it does it I I I so well think it's what we've been saying for the last few weeks. I feel I I I feel I feel like we've okay like been saying movement is medicine. It's It's It's cool to see everyone sharing the arm the like I mean post that we we we put on the Instagram page as well. Absolutely. It's about it's about it's about about about yes branding so okay that positive message and helping everyone feel good. And we're we're we're here to really talk you know well about something that I'm super passionate about about about and I know you are too. SLI everyday sLI everyday sLI everyday your training training training like um working hard and all of that. I work as an osteopath. So So So this so this so this is really uh um our bread and butter, butter, butter, isn't it? Well, it's your bread and butter, but I'm so okay here for for for the ride as well. Fantastic. You're always welcome to come to the light. So today we've set it up as a Q&A style. We really.
5FwQJAdYq60tn39tfqJDTC.txt: Think of think of think of it like a mental workout. Like what's the the the muscle that you're so I mean trying to build in your meditation? Is it that that that you want to well um be more present is it that you want want want to be more intentional is it um um that you want to feel more of of of a sense of like trust and like well connection to intuition is it that you want want want to feel less stress is it that you okay you know want want want to sleep better? You know, what is it physically mentally emotionally spiritually. What are what what what are what are you uh okay craving and notice in your life and it it it will show up. It's the beauty um okay of meditation notice when those things things things start to shift. A hurdlers Emily a body um uh here bringing you episode episode episode 97 of hurdle a wellness vulgus podcast where I sit uh well down with inspiring individuals individuals individuals to talk about everything from their big wings to how they've gotten through. Some of life's toughest moments on the show. You can expect.
4f77NE84uoy852WPcUOlES.txt: Hey, what's going on guys? Welcome at welcome at welcome at the gym. This guy guy guy friends podcast rid of well you know show coming to you on this Friday afternoon with with with an episode heavily requested um like by many of you and we're going to title it it it books. I recommend or top you know uh reads for 2020 something like that that that because a lot of you have okay okay asked a Jeremy what books would you you you recommend for finance with books you recommend so uh for personal development? Well Well Well books to recommend for nutrition. So I'm so I'm so I'm going to share so so so so with you at least the ones that have had the biggest impact on on on me or the ones uh like that are In the Forefront of my mind right right right now nagase can't sure every okay like book that I've read and listened to to to over the past 10 years, but I'll give you know um you guys a pretty good good good list and I did a version of this a um you know long time time time ago, which is somewhere on the blog and my goal is to so okay okay okay put these onto the blog as well here probably in the next two weeks weeks weeks or like well so. I just have a lot of real I say quote unquote unquote unquote real so uh work to do but I will get to this but if you you you hear me say something um you know and you didn't catch it all just stop the podcast and scrub back, you know, 15 to 30.
4RqZcPw9ajffb2pNEbtoLf.txt: I might still be using Photoshop to this day. If it wasn't for the okay okay okay you know fact that someone created pics insight and I happen to work hard to to to okay okay learn it and actually really fell in love with it. A lot of of of them so so are just really fantastic. If you think about how far things things things have come for I mean uh us to be doing this in our backyards basically basically basically and taking images that were like you know once in the realm of of of of professional observatories is just mind-boggling I think. Please so you know welcome everybody everybody everybody Sean Nielsen to our podcast. He is an astro photographer from Ontario Canada you know know know uh and he runs a website visible dark dot CA and he also has a a a YouTube channel um um visible dark Astro. He is a big user of picks picks picks in sight. So um I mean let's get started. Hello everyone and welcome to space space space junk a weekly podcast dedicated to um uh the amazing hobby of amateur astronomy each each each week. We'll bring you interesting and fun discussions with an eye towards providing. You with you with you with the latest information and advice.
2eJJmwnyOXVOc8vbkIy8El.txt: Considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in aviation history the fate of of of Malaysia you know okay Flight 370 still remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature feature feature films Millions have tried you know uh to stitch together the pieces of this this this horrific story. If you enjoy these episodes uh you know on The Disappearance of MH370, check check check out our conspiracy theories podcast every Wednesday. We tell the well I mean mean mean complicated stories behind the world's most controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy theories theories theories free so okay on Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. March 8 2014 evening evening evening in the polished Halls of Kuala Lumpur International Airport 227 passengers wait to board their.
3QE8qxHtJg3zMrq03R4GOj.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV talk I I I mean okay now ladies and gentlemen, here we are on the bachelorette have to Show Show Show well uh Low here on AfterBuzz TV is this was an episode of Television, right? right right Yes, and well well we're here to talk about this episode. We love we love love love our audience so I mean and we will give you our opinions here on AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV. She quickly well uh at this is yall's first time tuning in Welcome Welcome Welcome to The Bachelor after show here on I mean so AfterBuzz. AfterBuzz is an an an actress no network. We covered just about everything on TV well like. And this is is is of course your Bachelor crew led by me or moderated by me uh you know. I I I should say said yeah. I am so stupid. I'm surrounded I'm surrounded I'm surrounded by by by Geniuses, but so um I'll introduce myself. Only first got me was chef Graham Graham Graham huge Bachelor fan huge reality okay um TV fan and a a a host here at the network. So excited to be here, you know like but me Christine be be be next. I call her our Bachelor Insider, of course, she writes as Perez Hilton the two of the.
5keIVZjAOxUYtOCCcrPykx.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the last three digits where we're talking about money and and and like so everything in between because they would have called your for hydropower birthday birthday birthday. Did I um um don't also much what you mean by are usually gas gas gas by D the middle um so amounts and this is probably why girls don't go go go for a higher salary in All um uh right. Yeah, you see one of of of your tracks this you look like you've never listened you know uh to bash me a a a day in your life not voluntarily know what I don't know who you think you are. You think you're better than us. No,.
6Fze6WUioLqSOzdEME0T5U.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of of of TV talk you know so now. It was The Buzz. What is happening? happening happening What is what is what is happening with this show guys are I mean mean mean like hanging out with you guys so much. My name my name my name name name is Mike feeling. We're here um uh. We're going to go through it. You know know know what it is. You know how we well well do first. I want to introduce. My My My panel I am over here by like I mean myself on the team married side, side, side, but to my left also representing team married um so and also soon to be the newest member of Team single inside your belly. It's yeah.
3U0HWCXbEwpx0FqKM1LGeF.txt: This week on Aliens like us and I'm not admitting to it but I um um um well may have accidentally bribed a Chinese Guard from those hybridization programs. There is is is a reptilian okay you know a Draconian a humanoid and a terrestrial human program program program. Hello. Hi, I'm Reese Derby um I mean hid alien. Welcome to aliens like us with with with me of course button below the other uh uh alien and Ethan Hello. Both Both Both of you young producer. Alien is welcome back to our show you know like like like this time. We're going we're going we're going to discuss Ancient Aliens. That's That's That's like that's like that's like old aliens in well I mean US. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you yeah, you yeah, you guys heard about this Theory ancient astronaut theory. Oh, yeah familiar with uh uh uh you know it huge. Yeah. It's a thing. There's a TV show called Ancient Aliens. Yes, and of Erich von.
6iuCEMkoHrH88ShBtZPtv3.txt: In a world where two people God in a podcast for too early early early for this like you know but their cat at 6:00 in the morning. If If If you here they start to do a bomb um um gasps gasps gasps this are are are you done? No, let no, let no, let me have my fun. If If If um so you hear little sniffling and little like chipmunk noises in the background, that's that's that's our kitten uh okay Nona if you haven't been following along the latest week or or or two kitchen. You're so you're so you're so you know you know like you come come come up with the stupidest jokes when we feel like like well they're they're they're they're bad. They're not good. Like they're not funny. Oh my God. No I no I no I so we don't even want to marry me. I don't know.
0o5VOh0CbpvQQrspTuAE1v.txt: I'm Leo I'm Leo I'm Leo Phillips host of this must be the gig we're we're we're our weekly podcast that uh well documents everything about the world of live music music music speaking with choreographers costume and set designers uh um the people who run beloved venues venues venues and festivals. And of course speaking with musicians I mean like about that one one one gig there changed their lives get your peek behind the curtain at um you know consequence of of of sound darknet Apple podcasts or wherever you listen to. Fight class fight class fight class class class consequence podcast Network so so welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview interview interview series presented by W FP um okay k @ W FP K dot org consequence of sound and the consequence podcast Network always appreciate you joining in checking out the new.
5SpR6U2ENbrgeJktr3oOrr.txt: What's up, everybody? This is Gavin from the deer hunter. You're listening you're listening listening listening you're listening to I mean so the very first official episode of the Mets Mets Mets keywords podcast. This episode I mean like was recorded live on November 1st at st st st. Mark's Episcopal cathedral in Seattle, Washington. You're going um you know to hear a very very very condensed version of that show with live Q&A from the audience you know uh as as as well as questions submitted from our website some deer hunter trivia uh um and and and an interview with somebody on our crew and I should mention this room so so so well was very big very bhumi tall ceiling. So the Acoustics of this episode will will will be fairly different from all the episodes that will follow enjoy. Wow. Hello. Hey everyone.
0FD7VzZqVHegXB4IjjHzxU.txt: Ladies and gentlemen before we get started here. If you haven't heard about you you you know like anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free you know well. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right I mean so from your phone or computer anchor distributes your podcast for for for you. So you so you so you can be okay so heard on on on Spotify Apple podcast and whatever else they distribute to you can make I I I mean um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you you you need to make well like a podcast in one place. Download the free anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f you know um m-- to get started. Thank Thank Thank you. And here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, thank so so you for for for tuning in. This is the Hawkeye Outdoors podcast. We're no longer Hawkeye I mean I mean mean mean waterfowl. We felt it. Waterfowl kind of just kept us on one basis and so so so I mean we kind of do a little bit of this that and everything else else else. So we changed the name Hawkeye Outdoors. Hopefully that hopefully that hopefully that brings a lot more cool stuff to.
45hMVOlYDHoX0E92qKjKTW.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow follow follow well um your favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or if if if I mean uh you become a premium user you can download the episode episode episode so you can listen to okay like them offline like I do when you're on on on a plane or wherever you're okay okay traveling and also you can share this this this with your friends on Instagram. If you okay you know haven't done so already be be be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D like I mean. Km/h or km/h or or or km/h or browse podcast in your library tab. Control control is the thing wherein I'll uh uh uh okay catch the conscience of the king control is the Whirlwind wrapped in a puzzle words are the pieces and.
1NJzwYilHc12Cn3P2hAkeL.txt: Good morning, Robin. Good morning. Good morning. Everybody. Welcome to our first episode you you you like uh guys first official episode. Yes are yes are yes are the the the trailer is up on a few a well well few sites, but it's the the the first full one so welcome and I have a well um mic this time time time. It doesn't sound like I'm talking on a cell phone, you know across uh um um um the world. So we're professional now, but she was not doing that that that. It I mean uh just was a bad Mike. No, but my Sagittarius Sagittarius Sagittarius ass would have loved okay like to be halfway around the world, but that's a a a story for another time. So you so you so you know like you're ready to to to introduce ourselves. Yes, you go first girl. So I'm Ria from Berea the arcade on Instagram and my online which East or is mad.
2GeHhC1g8F5ybrriBvLPEi.txt: Thank you for joining me and thank yourself for doing something good for like like like I mean you. I'll be I'll be I'll be cheering with you an excerpt from The The The Purpose Driven Life. Sharing the benefits well well of a Purpose Driven Life and also also also engaging you in a meditation of Hope you know I mean There are five great great great benefits of living a purpose-driven life knowing your purpose gives meaning to you you you know okay your life. We were made to have meaning. This is why people try dubious methods like astrology or psychics to.
2o7WrExn5YSqJEh8KBuxeB.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to astral ashes. It is pi C season, and I'm well well well uh Lisa Marie and I'm Andy talarico. Welcome to astral ashes. We are are are going to I mean um be serenading you with a poem to start start start. So Andy take it away. I'm like uh going to be reading a a a poem by one of the Lisa and my you know so favorite poets Christina Christina Christina Rossetti and we thought the dreamy quality of this uh so and the sort sort sort of fantasy vs. Reality aspect really spoke to pies. Season so this is you know know know you know called I dream of you to wake by Christina Rossetti. I dream I dream I I I dream of you well so to wake would that I might dream of of of you and not wake but Slumber you know I mean on nor fine with dreams. The dear dear dear companion gone as summer ended summer birds um you know take flight and happy happy happy dreams. I hold you full and night I blush okay you know again who waking look so one brighter than sunniest day that ever shown and happy dreams. Your.
0OZhDk7RpBLX0p44ZbNR1t.txt: Welcome to the first episode of that sounds fake. I am Tyler Tyler Tyler. I'm Brian well I mean and we the premise of this podcast is kind kind kind of there is no premise. There's no there's no there's no like um um um premise right now. We have a loose loose. Concept but we the biggest thing um um um you know that I think this is founded on we found there's just such such such a lack I mean well of podcast with two white guys in their late late late 20s or sister this males. Yeah well like and heterosexual. I just feel like like like we're severely underrepresented we need us field. So we like well decided to throw our our our hat in the ring and give it a shot and I mean so so so maybe be groundbreaking and yes card. So I don't know we know what I was thinking. What were you thinking? We should probably give a little bit of.
6V7a0BfkNLSvRbvYTg9bop.txt: Hi guys, welcome to the dead by tomorrow podcast. My name my name name name my name is Daniel winter and um um my co-host is Andrew Monroe in in in each episode. We're going to explore topics that are too so okay important to to to wait until your last day on Earth as we introduce each topic. We um so encourage encourage encourage you to remember that some tomorrow will be your last so each new well well well like day could be your final chance to really live. This week we'll be covering covering covering well well introductions for Daniel and I where the idea for the podcast came came came from and some of like well our topics moving forward. Thanks for listening. Okay, Andrew, what what what would you do if you so I mean were going to die tomorrow? tomorrow tomorrow If I was going to die tomorrow? I would probably do like um um um something involving being shirtless for starters and hopefully something memorable at the okay like like like same time. You know, you know, you know, I've got this idea in my head of of of that scene from that movie. I can't I can't I can't remember where the guy.
4q9tqAlm8Q0JAmhFbBtEii.txt: Hey guys, poking a trick here. And before we get into another episode of of of poke dad's okay uh there was this questions that we keep getting about what platform we we we use uh I mean for podcasting. Well, that's simple we'll use anchor it's it's it's free. It's easy to well like use and I just love it. There's creation creation creation tools that allow you to record well so and edit your podcast right right right from your phone or a computer. So if um uh there was something in in in my mind that I'm out I can easily pull out okay well my phone phone phone go into the episode. I uploaded or about to upload and edit well okay it it it there. It's so flipping easy. Love it. And what else will makes makes makes it really I mean okay interesting and cool is Anchor will distribute your podcast to all the the the other platforms. So you know well iTunes Spotify you name it and it's it's it's great download anchor now get it on the app store or just go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now, let's roll.
1cU24hYEUEwWWOra9Myvnx.txt: Podcast what's good? Do you eat food? That is a very simple question um um um um I have for you. Do you food now if that food happens to be be be so well Gourmet stuff, like delicious olive oils or cookies or that kind of of of random I mean uh shit. Then you need to go to Yummy texcom texcom texcom. Yummy why you mmy tex.com Gourmet I mean uh Foods that ridiculous discounts just like wine text, text, text, but for olive oils pastas um like hot sauces mustards and other other other exotic candies and such yummy tex.com Mom the best place to well uh uh uh buy gourmet food at ridiculously low prices is the garyvee audio experience. What you know know know um up Podcast for today's episode Gary sits down the internet entrepreneur and investor sampar well um um um the spoke about their different hustles and how most of you need to break um um um so out of the mold. So make sure to hit them up and and and leave well well a review to let us know what you thought and I hope hope hope you enjoy. Hey guys, it's Gary vaynerchuk super excited about being back on the podcast really.
4LQqm1DyMy3onnsxodMEzx.txt: That's right. I'm back I'm back I'm back with another episode of med school school school radio and we're looking at some uh okay more educational objectives. Let's get right right right to it starting with fragile X syndrome. What is this I mean like caused caused caused by this is caused by an increased number of cgg trinucleotide repeats on the the the I mean okay fragile X. Mental retardation mental retardation mental retardation Gene and that that that is fmr1 on the long arm of the I mean so X chromosome and and and this leads to hyper methylation and inactivation of fmr1 uh well. So remember remember remember these cgg trinucleotide repeats fragile X mental retardation fmr1 gene on the long arm. Leading to hypermethylation and.
5GEOY4fi9nfsayLhm2qW5h.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want you you you okay uh to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly V and and and podcast form well you know. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and and and just put hashtag I mean okay garyvee podcast with the W in there as as as well so I can see your feedback like like on weekly B7. Please hit hit hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how okay you know you like listening listening listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's well so so so youtube.com slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy is the garyvee audio experience experience experience like I mean. What up Podcast today's episode is from a recent phone phone phone call that Gary had I mean like with Pearson. He speaks about ageism and how how how he believes that Talent comes in all ages uh you know shapes and sizes. So make make make so make so make sure to hit them up and let us know what you you you I mean I mean thought with a review and I hope you enjoy A story I'm I'm I'm working on uh so is about his son in the industry and sort of of of how even see the wrong like so about attracting it and making it better. And so I find your LinkedIn post looking for.
7xOqb4P4BgTS241rOKWK3S.txt: Hello, beautiful people welcome to God is gray the podcast although I as a a a so okay Christian believe that God resides in absolute truth in black and white. We as um um um so people are stuck here on planet Earth contending with the gray in church gray gray gray you know okay areas often cause dissension anger and even hate but on this this this platform I so uh welcome open dialogue for 80 of opinion and differing belief systems systems systems God is gray is meant um well to teach and form and simply trade stories stories stories with kindness love and mutual respect. If like okay you have a story or perspective perspective perspective to share please reach me Brenda Marie Davies like you know at God God God has gray XO @ gmail.com to support the cause and be a part I mean so so so of our community donate to patreon.com slash. God is gray now onto the episode. Hi beautiful people when I created this podcast. I.
0zCllho8Bp9S9X8r6BGIzy.txt: I actually I actually didn't have the mic in my hand. So. I got a a a um well fat callus on my hand right now. Sorry, I like sandpaper. It's all all all right well you know. But yeah, so sorry about that long break we we we took we were just really um well busy with midterms papers. We went on on on a Hiatus we just were busy. Yeah. Sorry, not sorry, not sorry, not I mean mean mean you know a Hiatus. That means we're like temporarily broken up. It's a short break. Okay spotty spotty neck.
2Yqc6JVpmh4x6ttfyGJmH0.txt: Is podcast is podcast is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta sakta sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments um like participants kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper grumper grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess um so that's cool Gary research keyboard, press press press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences um I mean guy guy guy is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case on page Carnegie, Carnegie, Carnegie, such well uh he coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in the podcast. Do not not not reflect the views uh uh and policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of of of this podcast listeners discretion is uh like advised you cut with Erica Nene in God Amy Amy Amy. Otto have but without a doubt okay um any direction the OTA a a a re-election hota Hai but sexually feeling you orgasm with a uh uh walker Gable Gable Gable. Oh, he oh, he oh, he dropped below severe Katrina as he gets worked. Well tahina, tahina, tahina, I mean okay I've got some transgender. Ski sexuality Guevara me I deserve all hey tofu tofu tofu steak uni so um Spotify Originals presents data Ali the life of a transgender hosted by a proud Hydra for the hunt.
3aUibXQfmgmzkRNJymPR7T.txt: What is Up Guys Chandler Crump here talk about anchor if you haven't I I I mean you know heard about anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain one. It's uh uh free like free. Like no money. Like you you you don't have to pay you have to like uh pay any money none. It's It's It's free. He's great. He's awesome, too. There's creation tools that um um allow you to to to record and edit your podcast right from your Phone or computer so like super simple simple simple super easy. You don't have to go to some studio and pay for for for um you know some nice microphone with the headset. It's free and you can do it from your phone or computer super.
5s5eoB48WmmAz3MFRk1IwV.txt: Hello, you're listening to Barbra have unique explores the podcast which will carry you where where where you will you know uh meet. Today's European jazz singers. Device this wonderful tool tool tool in each one of us has I mean um never ceased to challenge and fascinate fascinate fascinate me for more than 25 years. I've had I've had I've had the I mean you you you know opportunity ever since to search learn and experiment my passion for the the the voice and uh okay jazz on stage since then. I tried to transmit it to a good number of students and to receptive and Keen audience. I've.
1ZoSdgRjZVVDrtaBpuQ3sm.txt: Welcome back to the sporting big and podcast subscribe whether you're listening on Spotify like I mean mean mean or whatever platform you listen to the sporting big and on. All All All right okay well. So today I'm going to be talking about my predictions for the the the and we'll well well be considering opening day happens this month. So basically the the the MLB is in a like I mean really weird weird place right now considering the Astros Astros Astros just cheated their way into a I mean you know World Series and it's possible possible possible that the Red Sox did as well uh I mean. And I I I just I don't really know what to think at this point, but you know uh uh uh I'm gonna make my predictions for next year. So To put it lightly. I think that this season is going to be a turning point where you kind of takes.
6yQDmdAOxlgnp99QaS0A6r.txt: This is our Sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We're counting you you you know like down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in in in this episode I mean I mean were journeying back to 1994 and the shocking shooting following the the the Colombian national I mean like team's loss in the World Cup. It was was was a slip up by team captain Andres uh okay Escobar that cost Columbia the the the game and Days Later Escobar's life for more shocking sports events um so so so from history tune in right? Your everyday to our March Madness special listen free on on on uh I mean Spotify or wherever you get your podcast. June 22nd 1990 for for for 22 minutes so okay into Columbia second match in the 94 World Cup American midfielder midfielder midfielder. John harkes closed well okay in on Colombia's goal attempting to score the first point of the match coming off a nearly.
6nJ9hZUOsSBC2O0LXESQZJ.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, welcome to season 2 of reversing climate change change change. We are we are we are doing like okay that podcast thing now in launching a a a patreon. You can find it at patreon.com slash so uh Nori podcasts. There are various various various tiers with different types of goodies available. Do you want you know you know to receive receive receive a special newsletter digestive what Nori knots are reading that week be a uh uh uh so part of a Nori book club get special access to Nori events. Go take take take a look like like at patreon.com Nori podcast for what we're offering and in in in that Spirit of being I mean you know lean and that startup kind of of of way that That, you know, we like to do this okay I mean list list list of goodies is subject to change and we'd very much like your feedback you you you know you know. Is there is there is there something that you'd really like like like to see but it isn't listed you know I mean here honest feedback does does does a lot to help us shape what we offer to I mean well you you you. You can you can you can send an email to podcast at at at Nori.com or fill out our well uh podcast survey anonymously in our newsletter, which you you you can find at nor I mean like e.com subscribe, and thank you so much for for for listening to another season of reversing climate change. Hello and welcome to the reversing climate change.
4lATS5UINYOuSeR3Q9Dkt3.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to the ladder talk. This is is is John. It's been a while um um since we had episode with just me me me and Gerard So today we're going to have a um um discussion about the the the ethics of flipping. Now the way we're defining flipping for so like the conversation conversation conversation today is just the selling of any shaving related item that's significantly so like like like marked up from the original price. We hope you enjoy the conversation and now now now onto so um the episode. Hot cake flipping okay, if you can sell a a a Wolfman for $2,000 all the power to you. I don't I don't I don't know how to respond because.
1vkC26plEa16pnsp0tJJ93.txt: Welcome everyone to the score fantasy football podcast. I'm your host Justin Boon to you you you know okay leave fantasy Analyst at the score. The NFL combine is over. We're recording this on on on so well Monday morning. So at so at so at this point we've at least least least had a couple days to digest some well uh of the performances from the skill position position position players and that's what we're going to talk you know uh about today the the the offense of risers and fallers from the combine. And I know I so well well well said this on last week's show but I have to reiterate you cannot well um um um freak out about one data point from the combine. These are these are these these these are Incredibly talented athletes like like. I mean I mean I mean most of the the the 40-yard dash times. It's just an example, but like um they're / like fractions fractions fractions of a second. So that shouldn't make you wildly swinging your uh like view of a a a player but we did learn some things some players had much so um better better better showing than others. So I want to go over that stuff today and joining me to talk about.
2RoLspr2PQTki51sfMhd20.txt: In the year leading up to the 2020 election. We're counting down the biggest biggest biggest um okay scandals in American political history. This is number 36 Carol Hubbard Junior Junior Junior. The former Congressman was you know well charged with three felonies after illegally using using using his campaign fund and Congressional staff for you know okay personal use 56 year year year old former Congressman Carol Hubbard Junior thought he was well you know getting ready ready ready to participate in a sting mission for the FBI the past few years years years okay you know on the hill had been tough for him pesky Agents from from from the bureau had like okay been poking around his Finance records. They were definitely looking looking looking for something no okay um matter Hubbard thought he'd outrun his cooked books with a a a little quid pro um um quo. He could he could he could play play play nice for a couple months and help the FBI. Investigate lobbying investigate lobbying investigate lobbying in Libya, then they'd see he was worth his salt.
55lcvUUdtTaUbh77rs5nj9.txt: Welcome to the heartbeat as you guys know, I'm the heart guy and had had had I talked so like a lot about getting out of your mind getting out out out of the head and like like why that's important. And that's what today's episode episode episode is all about me and be I mean I mean at had an amazing conversation about about about this stuff and she shared some awesome insights on what okay uh she does to get get get back tuned in with her heart tuned in uh I mean with source and spirit and so so so it was an amazing conversation it okay you know was recorded. Quite some some some quite some quite some time ago. I haven't I haven't I haven't been been been publishing the podcast as frequently as I um well would like. So my apologies on on on that we will return back to a schedule like so. I don't know exactly what what what that schedule is. There's a lot of moving um uh Parts happening right now. So So So just so just so just be on the lookout for that sometime well um soon, either either either you'll find it because you're subscribed and you'll get notifications or because you'll be following me on Instagram. I'll post it up there.
6OHEPefRHqT6hQBZJKdNXK.txt: Welcome to the magic on the inside podcast by the sisters Enchanted where we chat okay okay okay like magic Hot Topics personal development and good old-fashioned light through up something delicious delicious delicious and well I mean sit with us for a spell. Welcome to welcome to welcome to this this this episode of The Magic on the you know well inside podcast. I'm Sarah Sarah Sarah head magic maker at the sisters Enchanted where we okay um aim to help women all over over over the world Conger more joy in tuition and everyday well I mean magic in in in their lives. And today we are talking about three witchy ways to do some Shadow work. So we held a shadow work class.
3hJ2aHpKYCyXm1496NCyyM.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast crime bites for offering our listeners listeners listeners some additional content well uh about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper deeper deeper into some of okay uh the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal normal normal female criminals episode. We're um well exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes covered across the the the park cast network. We've collected we've collected we've collected short okay I mean clips from from from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas okay you know know know. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime Crime Crime world really um well is you can find these original episodes for free on Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you um I mean listen to podcasts a list of episodes that that that we used will be posted in the description uh well today. We're discussing cases of notorious notorious notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
7KB1JOmAFCxqPutLo7EXTU.txt: Well, fuck is always saying how you see you just can't do why can't we.
5pnBhbw50LJRDWTyb5EzMO.txt: This episode this episode this episode is brought to you by Metro mugs. Today is is is March 3rd the you know okay boys from the back pocket are here with with with mixed Onsen. Dekhi flips. How are so so we we're doing good Andy hot hot hot Hoagie. We got a phenomenal podcast today. Like well like well like well um you said said said with mixed Denson the founder of Devon. He's he's got an incredible so um um um story, but what's the best part about this? Whole thing is you won't believe what what what like so this man's actual name is and Hint it might not be. Mr Mr Mr you know okay. Devon. He's having he's having he's having his location just a a a block away for over four years going well you know it to the University of st st st. Thomas and then having them on our show. I feel I feel I feel like we're playing in the sandbox now. Absolutely. Let's hit it.
5oPyk2YHNsrVH7vawjGdyI.txt: Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I say say say that we need more voices in well like the church talking about about about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the you know well Traditions Traditions Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing we're seeing we're seeing unfolding unfolding unfolding before our eyes um uh. There are a lot of ways to get involved and an an an easy one is well uh to start a podcast anchor dot f m is a great great great podcast hosting platform you know well. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's the easiest way to make a podcast I mean so. Let me explain it's it's it's free. There's Russian there's Russian there's Russian tools that allow you to record and and and I mean um edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast uh like for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast and many well like more you can actually make some money from your podcast with with with no minimum listenership. It's like it's like it's like so everything you need to make make make a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're okay you know interested download the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
1yolB689xyi7NV8LE36c6c.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome to city boy Rock podcast. This is this is this is is is episode 5. I'm Vincent um okay Rim. I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure it's it's it's acorah and we got a lot to talk about this week starting with um I mean mean mean the Scion versus LeBron two matchups. I have no over the past week. We so so so you know got the NFL. We got the beef between James Harden and Giannis antetokounmpo. Yes, Yes, Yes, sir MVP okay well race and then be a and finally talk on it it it. We're going to touch um I mean on to attack of a low and possibly possibly possibly the Redskins drafting them. All right um okay lot talk about co co Hey, what's what's what's up Tre was good. Visit beautiful day okay well outside somebody 60s all week week week here in Maryland. Looking forward to this week, but it's great you know know know well pests who week of sports the past week as far as been amazing amazing amazing. We got so okay two great matchups between Lakers in the Pelicans Lakers won both those games and close to side of matchups. LeBron showed up big and.
0mJiSWZlk7e9gfCfnfCSoO.txt: And answer questions 1 to 6. Hello. Oh, hello. I wanted I wanted I I I wanted to inquire about you know so hiring a room in the village hall for the the the evening of September the first so I mean let me just see. Yes, we we we have both rooms available that evening. There's our main like uh hall that's got got got seating for 200 people or there's the Charlton room. Sorry I mean well well well the child sunroom CH AR. LT o n that's got seating for up to to to 100 okay I mean. Well, we are organizing a dinner to raise money for a a a charity and uh uh we're hoping for at least a hundred and fifty people so I I I think we'll uh like go for the main hall. How much would that cost? Let's see you wanted.
0VDOpOZ8H0WLEy38sveMC4.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to the leaking Deb a podcast about pens. This show show show is not suitable for well like work because swearing is encouraged. It's like a a a Pinchot after dark but it's a podcast you know I mean. I'm Kat I'm Kat I'm I'm I'm Kat palmisano and I'm John Feelin. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the the the Leaky nib episode 17 okay I mean. Hey John. Hey Catherine. I have not seen seen seen you in literal like a month ago like so about a month like like like going through withdrawal. We keep it withdrawal. It's terrible. We usually I mean uh record In In In advance and we caught up on all of our episodes. So this will come come come I mean you know out actually the week we're recording it. Yes. Yes. I'll I'll I'll be editing in the air well so on the way to Baltimore. When do do do you leave Thursday morning? Fabulous? 6:30. Oh gross okay um. Well, what well, what well, well, well, what are you drinking John? Hmm Ice Mountain cloud castle spring water, very classy classy classy well like it. We're again recording at a normal time. Noon. What are what are what are you drinking II brought a bellini.
7jfOwPbLGiaxdn7v2aN20R.txt: welcome to the mom gasm podcast blending motherhood self connection sensuality and pleasure normalizing what uh like like like it means to be a mother and a sexual being welcome back to the mangas mangas mangas and you know you know podcast this week. We are we are we are so excited excited excited to sit down with the authors of I mean like wild Power Alexander Alexander Alexander Pope and Shawnee Hugo Wurlitzer. It was an amazing conversation filled with okay okay okay like so much wisdom and insights about her menstrual cycle. How do you use our menstrual menstrual menstrual cycle okay I mean when we're in periods of no flow the postpartum void void void and essentially the Wonder well like Woman complex and That looks like for women women women who work at 9:00 to 5:00 and how do they connect to their cycle when they don't have the time.
1goqL2zrRwaz5Ru8kUwMJS.txt: Hey everyone, it's Deanna from Midwest Chicana. And I and I and I am here here here to tell you about um so the amazing app. I'm using right now. It is is is called anchor this is the app. I use I mean well to create my my my podcast and I heard about it from a friend of mine who so you know actually actually actually does it as well because I thought at first oh my gosh, I want to to to so um do a podcast. But how am I going to do it? it it I have no equipment like uh. I have no money and I want to ensure ensure ensure that all our voices out well so here in the Midwest get heard and how how how do we do that on uh so a platform without spending a lot lot lot of ton of money, especially when you don't I mean well know what to do do do. So she told me about anchor it's absolutely free. There's uh you know creation tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast bright from your um you you you know phone or computer anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can can can be heard on Spotify you know I mean Apple podcast and many more and and and you can make money with your pockets, which like so is the most amazing amazing amazing thing ever with no minimum listenership. So if you're ready, I'm like you know know know going to tell you right now to just do it. It's everything you you you you know uh need to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
3i3fQbG3Uyhz5JoRjI0uzU.txt: Hello and welcome to Priority role and age of Sigma podcast from uh you you you know Sonny England. Join us join us join us as we discuss the ever-changing character character character of wargaming in the Mortal you know so Realms grab your D6 and get ready ready ready for the priority roll. Hello and um um welcome to Priority roll. My name is is is Dan. And today I'm joined by the okay okay one and only Ben Curry Curry Curry to talk about Battletoads. How are you Ben? I'm uh okay fantastic. Thank you you you. It's really. Weird listen to you at normal speed because when I listen to well well well um podcasts so is it time to so it's like why are are are you speaking so slowly? Maybe um um I should turn to be like this this this really quickly is that you know, my dulcet um well tones at times to to to you surely want to listen to me, you know, get get the the the you know I mean Full Effect one more in gram or it cram more of of of me in right? So so uh what we're gonna be doing today is we'll be talking about battle tones, but not a specific battle zones bad.
3tcqpcoIDka9bsq0BBctQQ.txt: It doesn't make me afraid I did not injure myself. So there is no no no well uh need to worry or I don't need to worry that there's there's there's damage. And anyway, this well um is just what I'm feeling and I know know know it'll pass at some point and uh like movement really seems to make make make all the difference which I think is so cool like I mean. Hello, everybody everybody everybody today. We are we are we are joined by Jenna and she's one of my my my clients and she's well I mean actually turned into a quite a dear friend friend friend of mine during our time together. And so I mean you know today we are are are going to be having a conversation about her journey that led up you know well well well to her and I working together where she's at. Now what she likes well um um um about our time together things that you can't stand also perhaps we'll see where uh uh uh uh it goes. But the but the but the goal of today is to highlight her journey in the hopes of connecting.
6URm69QBcvJpqoGiTE1nyy.txt: So that all they do for Icy Hot those Lyin motherfuckers. They're just they're just they're they're they're just making Mindy cocktails um so and probably that and a lot of worse shit. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's usually a bunch okay okay of like slow releasing releasing releasing like steroids chemicals. Yeah, like it's normally like analgesics uh uh and you know those those those anal anal Jesus, you know, Jesus. Yeah. I can't you know I mean wait wait wait either. I'm gonna see ya. I'm going to see a little bit a a a I mean uh little my hole with a little Jesus in there. Yeah. I I I have all the power um like say that a normal voice one you Alda power power power God. Damn it, man. Guess I'll guess I'll guess I'll do some some intros everyone here knows Mindy but.
7ILtFMz4b8E7eV8a22rzGo.txt: Everyone welcome back to a conversation with the boys. You did. I'm them and I'm I'm I'm I mean um Johan and this week. We've got a new segment, I guess. Yeah, so so so I um um guess we're going to try and just talk about something something something reason that's happened in well okay the news and I think the bigger bigger bigger story which we thought was kind of you know uh entertaining was Donald Trump Trump Trump and Modi had a little chat together. So Trump well uh went to India. Oh, Oh, Oh, yes Trump went to India and then when he was there, uh so I mean, mean, mean, okay look before we These I know everyone like beats okay um up on Trump all all all the time and we've tried to avoid it because they you know you know know know like to be boring right now. I want to hear about this. Yeah, but but but this uh um is hilariously like this is hilarious. So I think I think everyone would would would have seen I mean okay the movie names and stuff. You're talking about Sachin Tendulkar Tendulkar Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, right? Yeah, you know um and I mean like he tried his his his hardest to get there like to talk about you know I mean them, which is good. I I I mean I mean I mean who's having a leave the most unqualified person well well well okay to talk about Cricket? Yeah. That's very that's very that's very very true. But man he butchered be fucking me push it. Okay, you said.
7nZ5Sg7mTcYY0hOKQlQhMx.txt: Hey, this is Pastor Steven lead pastor of Jesus is Alive CMB. Thank you you know know know like so much for checking out our podcast really hope that today's teaching in in in carriages uh well. You inspires you inspires you inspires you and empowers you to to to follow Jesus like never before let's go you know like check out today's message. I I I believe Marceline. Is something that would really Define who we like um are as as as a church and I just want to I just want to take this opportunity opportunity opportunity um I mean to encourage you and challenge you to listen because I I I believe in deeper Taco something I mean um in uncertain. May God go in in in and bring it on. I believe we are I mean you know going somewhere and and and we are growing somewhere and we acknowledge the Holy Spirit to I mean like like like be in our midst who can you play my Bible books and putting Matthew chapter 25 verse 14 and a half ago.
02DTx3O8rbCM0POoqU5Uyk.txt: Due to due to due to the graphic nature of this Killers crimes listener discretion discretion discretion is advised this like like episode includes discussions of murder and assault that some people people people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution okay uh for children under 13. It was was was it was it was a cold and rainy January night in 1968 in a you you you know well low Oregon a suburb just outside of Portland Linda Slauson a pretty 19 19 19 year old you know uh woman made her way up a dimly lit Street weighed weighed weighed down by the uh I mean heavy carrying case in her hand. She She She had come to Aloha from Rochester so uh Minnesota looking for Sunshine and and and an easy West Coast lifestyle instead. She found endless um you know days of of of gloomy weather and a dead-end job selling encyclopedias exasperated Linda paused under a Street Lamp and reached into her purse.
0COvN6RZay1sp8TG5YEjbt.txt: Welcome, welcome. Welcome to the prospector podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your host host host Scott Knudson call today. I'm I mean uh talking with Natalie colegrove. Natalie Natalie Natalie is a junior at Cupertino High School and a national well um euphonium player in Natalie's first first first three years of Performing. She was selected as the um uh principal euphonium player player player for the 2017, California Junior High at All-State honor band in uh so 2018 2018 2018 choose accept into the California Allstate honor bound and ranked as one of of the the the I mean okay top high school euphonium players in California. Most recently Natalie has been accepted into into into the HonorBound you know so of America the most prestigious honor bound in the nation nation nation this past summer well uh Natalie's placed second in the student division of the international euphonium euphonium euphonium and tuba I mean like is festivals solo competition. Now, the also has a a a band memes account called youth he's um like life which has 33 thousand followers and has a and she has a business selling music apparel with that.
6NSXdajEvBs9NqXabg7AWh.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made like um with only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear. That's perfect perfect perfect for okay like spreading on your morning Bagel. Now where now where now where where where you get that big ol should um so be the only subject for debate the the the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia um you know has been doing this since 1872 1872 1872 Philadelphia schmear perfection. Hello, welcome to the hottest take my you know okay name is Chris Chris Chris Ryan. I am I am I am joined by Roger Sherman Craig gains and and and uh uh Tyler Parker and Tyler you have the floor. Southwest Airlines is the the the best Airlines like okay. Yeah, what's up? Okay Southwest okay Southwest okay Southwest Southwest Southwest this episode of the hottest take sponsored by like okay Southwest Airlines best Airlines. Yeah Yeah Yeah. It is it is it is the airline of the people. Uh-huh uh I mean. I'm I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not a doctor or a lawyer, you know. Yeah, I hear ya Senators son. Yeah, right. I'm just a guy that.
1gnpv26FFvIxpnwVbbRXv1.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would like so so so you know to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app app app or go to Anchor Todd well I mean FM to get started on this this this. It has made it. So easy guys, I did um well not know, you know know know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it you know well well well like five ten years before early because all I need to do do do is download the okay you know anchor. I have record my voice in it and and and just click post and anchor you know so will do all the job for for for me. It will publish it in all the major podcast sides so um. You You You know apps that are available and I do not need to do anything else uh uh uh um. So this is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of of of it um uh. If you have a message if you have some come content, which which which you feel that okay well needs to reach out to the world or simply want to to to post something make sure um you know you use this. Mascara. Now my now now now my now my Skyrim everyone welcome back to my shoes podcast well um um um. So this so this so this log is a little bit late. This is the log on my Agatha.
2heyDaTfMQQx3uXnJlpR9V.txt: Hello everyone. This is Adam Meister the bitcoinmeister the disrupt Meister. Welcome to the like like like I mean one Bitcoin show. Today is March the 5th 20/20 strong hand long-term. Thinking Thinking Thinking Bitcoin is well I mean the Bitcoin in motion five-digit realm now. You're welcome welcome welcome Bitcoin. We're going to talk you know like about that today Relentless. This is is is your home for Bitcoin Insider information like like. I'm offended by selling don't fomo on alts. Hello my Elite friends. How you doing today, baby beautiful.
5Nw2YdtgBpeNVu930Dfm82.txt: Hey everybody. This is how you are. I just want to talk to you you you um uh a little bit today about some happen to me the other other other day and they've asked you know like me if I tell you about it it it just because it kind of changed my life so well. I think I I I think I think it'll change your life. It changed his life changed my aunts aunts aunts life changed so okay everybody's life. So I was down at My Cousin Cousin Cousin Skeeter shop. But today I walked uh you know in there and I was trying trying trying to steal couple parts because my Ford ain't working right you know uh and Skeeter walk in in in he didn't know I was doing two skaters kind of like well stupid and and and he was like, hey bud. I got I got I got something I I I need to well okay tell you want to take a seat right there. Tie Tie Tie a seat right there you know okay. He said I want to tell you about about about something that I found out they if you I mean um haven't heard about it. I I I think I think I think it's wrapped right time. You did. He says um um um um it's called anchor and it's the easiest way imaginable to make podcast and I I I was like, well, that's like Skeeter. All right. Well, I'm you got my you have my.
0rlcuunlVEhb6eyiUVlv9f.txt: Hello again and welcome back everyone to episode 39 of Murphy's Law. This is Charles Charles Charles Murphy like I mean hanging out as always with Charles Villanueva. We're super super super excited today. We've you we've you we've you know so got a couple couple couple of a couple cool things to talk about including a an interesting scoop scoop scoop so so on Mandalorian season 2, but first we gotta check in with Charles Charles Charles and see what's okay you know going on over in the Philippines. I'm not not not much is going on still saying The coronavirus well I mean care still happening, but we're we're we're still standing here. So let's so let's so let's fucking do this. I want want want I mean okay to hear scoop. Yeah. So this so this so this is this is is is an interesting one and something I've okay well been working on for a while while while. Obviously you guys that have been listening know that Charles and okay well I watched watched watched the Mandalorian for season Mandalorian. We both liked it a lot but we okay like like like aren't usually in the business of getting Star Wars scoops of any kind and so so so before I share it with you. I want to make sure we know that this.
44CnUZ2v4d6IWR1juH2I2F.txt: Wealth from wealth from wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work work work grows over time Proverbs well you know 13 11. I read a story recently about about about a 24 year old who well well went to visit a financial planner the the the financial planner asked to see her uh um spending habits the author of the article article article shared that through to over the phone you know like sessions in a couple of of of weeks of financial reflection. She found that she didn't have uh okay to give up up up things. She really she really she really loved to save money that realization helped her get get get like so past Financial anxiety and helped her to make productive spending spending spending cuts during the sessions I mean uh. Which each lasted about an hour they discussed her her her background shared screens to look uh I mean at a monthly credit card statement statement statement and addressed goals for the week. The financial so uh accountability was intended to help help help her prepare and save for the future. It's encouraging uh okay to know that that that the Bible is full of wise advice on how to handle so you know and and and how to view Money In fact money is mentioned hundreds of times I I I mean okay in the Bible including the verse from Proverbs we heard today today today. Let's hear it I mean like again wealth from get-rich-quick schemes quickly disappears. Well from hard work grows over time. It's also important to remember.
6NUmKdDzsUhU0QQGlALXEz.txt: Welcome to more than one thing with Athena Calderone a podcast focus on non-traditional non-traditional non-traditional career well like paths creative Endeavors and the every evasive multi-hyphenate. This is is is this is this is a podcast about taking well well The Road Less Traveled Traveled Traveled to find your passion and purpose while navigating the hurdles well so and and and Hoops. We all jump through on this personal and creative Journey. I'm your I'm I'm I'm your I'm your host uh okay. Host Athena Calderone author interior designer cook recipe developer developer developer entertaining expert creative director stylist Storyteller editor um well and certified oversharer. Does that does that that that does that sound like an insanely long list of things to you know well well well do? Well it is and that's exactly why we're here every week. I'm going going going you know I mean to be sitting down with another multi - it whom I I I admired deeply to talk uh you know through their struggles vulnerabilities and eventual successes throughout their beautiful and winding journey to where they are now.
1t6R1TrR8D7kkKnFcuOD8A.txt: That's right. Now we are at War. How do you call on sucked a lot uh so so so beaches? You can't hope to control we talked about peace and you okay okay kill kill kill cuz it's fun. You have made me very desperate. You might not be glad well well well uh that you did. There was there was there was an idea to bring together remarkable people see if they can become.
4771LyN83ZlgeFY41F0fUF.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys thermal ho sakta Hai Sab reviews or comments participants um um um like kidney personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority podcast me. But I guess that's uh uh uh okay cool Gary research keyboard, press the Cuyahoga here, but you came a personal experiences experiences experiences guy so like is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go pootie sensitivity case case case at page I mean uh Carnegie such. He coaches Keegan the views and opinions discussed in in in the podcast. Do not do not do not okay uh reflect the views and policies policies policies of Spotify or the producer and curator of this well so podcast listeners discretion discretion discretion is advised. Because the cell kumarangiri or Machinery, okay filling an Asura hogatha TV. Midoriko Tina tomerson who's pregnant Titi Titi Titi Titi Titi?.
4NYq8zSPPeej3rHQGOylj4.txt: If you if you if you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let um well me explain it's free. There's a creation tools tools tools that allow you to record and edit so uh your podcast right right right from your phone or computer and covid distribute your podcast for um okay okay okay you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more like like like okay you can make money from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship ship ship is everything I mean well you need to make podcasts in one place download download download the free ankle up or so like good Echo the FM to get started started started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth talk uh you know. I'm so excited excited excited about talking to you about money, but not just money wealth means wisdom expansion expansion expansion um you know assets. Love Theology and health because I believe that wealth is not not not just about how much so you know money you have in your bank account. It's It's It's about establishing Harmony in your personal uh um life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
1NF1JWmm9bOD4yiQIAiSrJ.txt: Welcome to the ostrich a podcast. I am I am I am hosting manual manual manual and I pray that the you know I mean word of God you can seem to to to be dying light and it will be priced um okay. This is episode number 12 to to to this word will be read from John 15 you know like verses 9 through 17. As As As the father has loved me. So have I Loved You so well Now Now Now remain in my love. If you keep my commands, you will remain in my okay so love love love just as I have kept my father's commands and remain in his love I I mean mean mean okay have told you this so that my joy may be in you and that that that okay uh your joy may be complete. My command is this love each other other other like um as I have loved you greater love has no one than than than this to lay down like you know one's life for As friends you are are are my friends. If you do what I command I no longer call you servants because a.
4QtxSjLPqjOH0Th0rGKgpy.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want want want well uh to thank you for your support and listening to each episode episode episode and I hope like um you enjoy this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its its its easiest way to make um you know podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow allow allow you to record and like I mean edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or computer anchor will distribute your like so podcast for you. So you can be be be heard on Spotify up a podcast Google you know you know podcast and many more you can can can also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need so you know to make make make a successful podcast download the free. God will go to Anchor FM uh well to to to get started. Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up guys today? We have we have have have we have what is perhaps the um like oldest question in the book one that mankind has has has been asking itself since the I mean uh beginning of recorded history and one one one that I think every single human being comes face-to-face okay well with individually at some time in their life, and that is why do bad things happen. To good people.
0GSeVMoiK6soVZoAGQzQfl.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back to the podcast guys, you're listening to two and a a a half Molly's. I okay I okay I okay uh am use of Muhammad formerly known known known as a bug's ear anymore. I'm just playing I'm doing okay okay good. What are you guys guys guys saying? My name is Holly. I'm with I'm with I'm with formerly known as well uh uh uh your Hawaii's favorite. That's what I'm trying to say to you is go ahead ahead ahead. And anyways, uh like my name is Mario for media formerly known as Malcolm Shabazz as for previous episodes of mosque 7 number 7.
1VqyL3ui763W5juwdtOl8u.txt: You're listening to the buying Graphics podcast. This is an episode that originally aired aired aired on YouTube I mean like. So the used to be a visual element. There is is is not any more. This is this is this is I mean I mean just for for for your listening pleasure. Maybe you're out walking the dog or driving the like uh car car car where it's not so easy to watch the video version. This is why this audio audio audio I mean um version exists. If you like us doing this, please do leave leave leave us a review you know you know wherever your podcasts we really do appreciate it it it and let's get into this episode. So today's I mean uh highly recognizable protagonist was was was hailed as a genius of entertainment a wizard of like um animation. A pioneer pioneer pioneer of technology and theme parks the influence of Walt Disney on okay um today's popular popular popular culture and Collective imagination. It cannot it cannot it cannot be understated. You could you you you could you could love him. You can hate okay I mean him or you can can can love to hate him but you simply cannot ignore his work Walt uh um um um Disney once famously said that laughter is America's greatest export but well, it's not um um um um is actually travel and transportation with 236 billion dollars in sales in 2017, but sale of intellectual property including TV and movies.
77j4J39C1m3LliGb0QqiMq.txt: The Bachelors the Bachelors the Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn turn turn when like okay Rachel Lindsay emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying anti-bullying anti-bullying conversation which included her so okay reading shockingly racist DMS that I certainly won't be be be repeating the second was handled Tastefully um I mean but both fans of the show and and and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit okay I mean passionate passionate passionate Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake and uh uh uh well eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username username username saying how um so the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying bullying bullying and the show taking no I mean you know accountability for it was crap at at at no point at The Bachelor show Runners are producers take any you know uh uh uh accountability for their role in facilitating toxic environments. The show is specifically designed and run I mean mean mean so around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee an engagement or or or a happily ever like so after but every single season there will be multiple villains. Another Another Another user responded digging I mean well up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
4EbbBSwx3l6C6jbtvgjFsF.txt: What's up, guys? My name is Charles. I'm one of the interns here at at at College okay so Christian church for the college age. And today we are talking about about about emotions I mean you know or loneliness in our emotions podcast, and I'm joined joined joined by Taylor Powell Taylor. How you um um doing? Girl? I'm doing I'm I'm I'm doing I'm doing so good. Good. We're so happy to have you here here here. Taylor well you know is going to walk us through her journey with loneliness. Enos as as as enos as enos as our theme for today's well I mean podcast with Taylor, Taylor, Taylor, where do you think that journey of loneliness started with you? well so It started started started in high school. I could see it sprouting, but I had a uh uh uh well good Community there, but it really started to take effect my first year in in in you know well college definitely hundred percent and what ways do you think like like like a kind of well I mean came about in college? Well, I well, well, well, I well, I came to Missouri Southern I go to Missouri Southern but I like like like uh came there knowing maybe two people mostly the one was my brother, but I didn't really know a lot of.
2lDhCSrdibSvo0Fuqd5Qz4.txt: This episode of a SMR bedtime stories is sponsored by Inger. It's the um so so so easiest way to make a podcast and it's actually made it very easy for me to to to so okay provide you all with bedtime stories twice a week. It has creation tools tools tools um okay that allow me to record and edit my podcast right from my my my phone computer well okay. You may you may you may remember Episodes of of of my podcast were originally recorded using my phone and anchor so well made it it it very easy for me to distribute my Bob cast right from my phone phone phone. It's like uh everything you need to make a podcast in one convenient place place place. You can download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
76WaXQnUbPkZ47jJgmNrIA.txt: Hi everyone, welcome back to our podcast and we're taking a look at the Gospel reading reading reading so well from today's mass and then we're going to try and provide an an an exegesis of so okay the literal sense of the text. So today's reading is is is from Matthew chapter 5 verse 43 so so to 48. Jesus said jesus said jesus jesus jesus said to his disciples. You have learned how it was said you must must must love so I mean your neighbor and hate your enemy. But I say this this this to you love your enemies well I mean and pray for those who who who persecute you in this way. You will be sons of I mean like like like your father in Heaven for he causes his sun to rise on bad men men men as you know like well as good and his rain to fall on honest and dishonest men alike. For if you love those.
6kZ5r1mOO7kacj4hMp2u7O.txt: Hello, my darling. I need to tell you about our sponsor anchor dot f f f m well you know. Anchor is a podcast creation and distribution tool. And it it it and it and it gives you everything um so you need to record edit. Plus they'll they'll they'll distribute your podcast to all of the major I mean okay channels including Spotify Apple Apple Apple podcasts and Google podcasts free of charge you can make I mean okay money with with with no minimum listenership and it couldn't be easier. Download the download the download the the the anchor app like uh or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get started sweet dreams. Hello, my darling and welcome to today's story time. Today we today we today we are reading.
1bQRezGLZvyQ0LZIecFQcu.txt: Welcome to the first episode of who the fuck is Freddy recorded in Freddy with with with I mean uh poles and some killed her today. We'll be we'll be we'll be be be talking to Jane Louis co-founder of I mean I mean two birds birds birds the first woman run Brewery in Australia and also joined by Matt you know know know uh gooley the representative for two birds stay tuned to the end for a song by by by brooke-taylor I mean you know to be performing this Sunday the 8th of March. 2020 2020 2020 at 2020 at 2020 at Freddy when polls at 5:30 okay um p.m. To celebrate International International International women's day will also have five beers on tap okay well from two birds birds birds and we go through the episode and we try and well well have have have a taste of all of them. I don't think we quite make it through. So yeah sit back and enjoy.
0MfAVKMcsJvUJm9DJv6Z1f.txt: Welcome to par cast a daily today. We're featuring the first of our two I mean mean mean I mean episodes on Michelle Carter from the crimes of passion podcast podcast podcast after dissuading her boyfriend Conrad like I mean Roy from committing suicide on multiple occasions occasions occasions Carter suddenly changed her mind and then encouraged so so him him him to commit suicide he did is she responsible for his death or did you know so so so the medication she was taking effect her behavior to hear more about So it's it's it's okay you know like this follow Crimes of Passion free on Spotify or wherever wherever wherever you get your podcasts uh I mean. Due to the graphic nature of these crimes crimes crimes listener discretion is advised this episode uh well includes discussions of violence and and and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year old.
0ScNgGeDidRrEtGZ5JF1ze.txt: Beaver thought beaver thought beaver thought of making a podcast but had no no no idea how I have one so like word. Anchor anchor is the easiest way for you to to to start and make a podcast. I'll well I mean explain you see with anchor anchor anchor you have creation tools available to you that uh like allow you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or well you know computer computer computer. And once you finish recording you let anchor take care of Distributing your podcast podcast podcast I mean okay too many different platforms, including Apple podcasts and Spotify. And it's it's it's that easy now not well so only is Anchor easy to use but it's it's it's profitable to with anchor it's possible for you like you know to make money talking about about about the things that you love with no minimum listenership. I know well uh you're you're you're probably thinking to yourself. This is too good to be true okay okay okay okay. How much is it cost me to use anchor. Are you are are are you are you ready for this zero? It so um does not cost you anything. Anchor is anchor is anchor is free to use anchor really is the.
4pwnJMycvw3pLhtzKoITZg.txt: And we are back good morning for another episode of the Michael and Channing show show show. So well so well so well uh I had a thought Jenny. Okay. My thought thought thought was I'm here. Maybe it's maybe it's maybe it's just beginner um um podcaster faux pas pas pas. But what but what but what about all the people who aren't listening in in in the like you know morning? Good night for another episode of the my coolant coolant coolant shitty show of that. Does it does it does it uh um - no no no Jay, whatever time of day that you are listening to well um our little little little podcast. We say thanks for coming back Corey. Thanks for listening for the first first first so uh time. We're really we're really we're really glad you're nice to meet you you you how it look like you um um hit play Hey for all of you you you that haven't done this already. We'd love we'd love we'd love well uh for you to to to subscribe and give us five stars. That'll help. Bus out you can okay so do that that that wherever you're listening this morning, you can follow us on Instagram. We've got you you you know uh a Facebook group for you as well to engage with us and a fan favorite. We want you to head on.
7Aziyo91fBy5P1ShOvHUYn.txt: Today's episode today's episode today's episode is brought to you by audible get a free free free audiobook so so download and a 30 day free trial at www.sceeto.com adventures and autism over over over a well you know hundred eighty thousand titles to choose from for your iPhone iPhone iPhone Android Kindle or MP3 player well you know. Before we get into today's episode episode episode. I just want to take a minute to talk to okay um you about making making making authentic friendships. You might you might you might remember the founder Juliana featherman from Episode Episode Episode 34 uh I mean of Adventures in autism. She is an Autism sibling sibling sibling who created this amazing interactive web so well app that enables children ages 13 and and and up and adults with special needs I mean so to make friends based on age age age interest diagnosis and geographic location parents and caregivers so uh can also sign up up up to connect with other parents and caregivers. For more info or to sign up head to making authentic friendships.com.
1ico0TqkWJuMtyvLC468oD.txt: Hey guys. We just we just we just wanted to take a moment and and and Shout out our podcast host many well I mean of you might already know know know that we record each episode using anchor, but if I mean I mean mean mean you haven't heard about anchor here's what you need to know. It's the the the easiest most I mean I mean efficient way to record a podcast you can make make make money from the podcast with like um no minimum listenership. It's super it's super super super it's super easy to use with creation tools that allow you to uh okay record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor I mean mean mean I mean distributes your podcast for you. That you that you that you can listen on on on Spotify Apple podcast and many well so other platforms and the best part is it's it's it's free. It's everything you need to make like uh a podcast in one place place place. So get on it and go download the free I mean so anchor app or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- and get started today. Why well okay is it it it the True Crime podcast some of the content on this show might be too graphic for some.
5hvOWPoB0j6HMrSVAMtJLV.txt: You are listening to Irish illustrate Insider. It is Friday, March 6 we witness nor nor nor um well Dame's first spring practice on Thursday, March 5th. And thank God God God. I don't know I mean I mean about you guys. But those those those those last couple of podcasts leading up to pre-spring and pre-august so well if I skip skip skip one. Yeah, give me something give me something to work with and we certainly I mean mean mean so have something to work with feel like we're answering August questions in February well uh uh uh. I know I know but yeah, I mean everybody's interested in that stuff and That's That's That's um I mean what we do but it's good to have a practice under our our our belt we can uh um talk about that will talk extensively about that. I want want want to start with the um um in book because and Pete I saw you put put put out a list yesterday of I mean I mean the guys that stood out out out to you and I put out a list this morning of I mean mean mean I mean the five that the five that thrived I thought yesterday and I we we we were pretty um like comparable there especially at safety check out your list, but but but but Ian but I mean so uh I thought he and book. I mean he really really threw the football very well.
0ap3HrAVOhcaqlsbKuFAug.txt: Hey y'all, welcome to revive podcast. I'm your host Hannah OD worn in this podcast like like like um. I hope to emphasize truth on the reality of being restored to life okay okay okay I mean again through stories testimonies and casual conversation. Always real never perfect and most most most of the you know you know time messy. Thanks for listening and enjoy the the the show. Alright. Hey everybody today. I have like um my good friend will with with with me on the show. What up, he is well you know from Texas. Yeah Yeah Yeah good to have a fellow Southerner here with me. That's right. But today we're I I I mean you know just going to be talking about dating and especially in in in the Christian world and okay okay what that looks like is that good sounds fantastic fantastic fantastic. I so just tell me a little I mean like bit about yourself to start start start off in like tell me like how you got to Bethel and everything like that. Oh gosh.
57jIOwpJBbaAKtnBb4OTWv.txt: Good morning. Good morning. Breakfast. Today is today is today is sponsored by dr dr dr. David Romani for the reflection okay okay of my view on attend you who died died died. Then Tova breakfast is also sponsored I mean well anonymously in the Merit sadaqa sadaqa sadaqa and words of Tourism. Simcha, but Sophia will be myth well um karev to to to her proper. She look today as well as all the um okay singles of marriageable age age age. And as well breakfast is sponsored by Lindsay and Shlomo uh um three, so so so in loving memory and Lena shmatte my grandmother Sarah Dorrit well so farhi, farhi, farhi, but the key a cold brew is dedicated in loving memory and was I mean um in in in his mat raffaella empanadas and watch them out for my in maruyama attack okay um um um that sponsored by don't have Shalom family Robert. I Robert I rabbit a rabbit rabbit rabbit a well um this week splashes fascinating they attacked it survey the pursuit tells us us us and you should command the Jewish people and what is he? What do you command in the Jewish.
6EMJ5mG8wghvZtGUd0ViAL.txt: Becomes louder he's one-on-one with hands like spins on child's head Shepard was uh uh uh um asking this is a clinic. This is Aztec basketball. What's up as tech uh uh uh like fans? Welcome to the Aztec breakdown podcast. My name my name my name is Tyrone Tyrone Tyrone. I'll be your okay so host. I'm not joined by anybody today as has has has become custom just because of scheduling uh um things. Like I've said today the plan plan plan is I you know, I really um like struggled over the course of of of the week to come up with things that I so well wanted to talk about about about. And you know, I woke up this morning and I still well uh uh uh didn't have anything and so on a whim sent out a message on Twitter saying hey, let me.
5TpkTe5mlb5xx1UT8OvZ6l.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another mini Monday episode of crime over coffee well you know. We're We're We're your hosts. I'm Erica and I'm Abby today. I'm going to tell you guys guys guys about you know so the Florence hair salon murders in Montana. And this was was was a case suggestion by a apple um I mean podcast reviewer Lele blue eyes eyes eyes. So thank you so much for listening and leaving I mean uh a comment for us us us and we're excited to share this case with you um you know support yourselves a strong strong strong cup of Joe and let's Dive In On November 6 2001 a I mean like like like customer is pulling into the Hair Gallery in Florence Montana to get her nails done okay okay okay so. Her appointment her appointment her appointment was at 11 a.m. She had arrived arrived arrived a little bit before that when she pulled in the parking lot. She saw she saw she saw what she.
1ViBONBXnAVV5K5cmSnPID.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will tell you uh uh uh you know how the investigator as reminiscent of a morning cup of of of murder. Sometimes it takes years to uh so connect a Killers crimes a March March March 6th 1959. A man was born who so so would eventually be tried for for for the murder of a single woman. It would take years I mean like for police to to to connect him to four other murders years and a clever. A gator gator gator well well who got the DNA he needed. So if so if so if if if you like your coffee hot, but so like your bones chilled sit back and start start start your day with a morning cup of murder okay like on May 6th. 1986 1986 1986 21 year old Tina Elizabeth. Kim. Brew was murdered inside of you know well her, Texas Texas Texas Apartment. She had been suffocated by a pillow as the investigation began. Just three days later police got a phone call from a man threatening to.
3jw1ii8rxiNQqSY3UCTZEB.txt: Hey for hey for hey for Center fans. Great Star Wars discussions are on the the the way. But first, let I mean uh me tell you about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain well like first. It's free. That's the truth truth truth. It's free and there's creation tools that allow you you know um to record and and and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor okay uh will will will distribute your podcast for you. So going so going so going to be heard on on on Spotify Apple so uh podcasts and many many more places to list keeps on growing growing growing and you can like you know make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you so okay need. Need to make a podcast in one place place place. So get so get so get started today uh well start your podcast get your your your voice out there download the free anchor app or I mean like go to Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to get started and now a word about uh like Spotify Spotify Spotify on Spotify. You can you can you can listen to all of your favorite artists artists artists podcasts and uh okay even podcasts about artists all in one place for free. You don't don't don't even need a I mean so premium account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on on on every topic including like well the one you're listening to right now for Center talking about Star Wars Spotify also has a.
7uxCLFImRajqyHnlSKClCY.txt: Testing testing testing testing testing testing one two three testing. Hi guys. Welcome to welcome to to to welcome to the third episode of you know okay my beach hats. How are how are are are how are you guys doing today? I hope you had a good well like like like day. We're using the mic this time. So you're so you're so you're you're you're welcome for that. Yeah, except so okay it's on earbuds. So we got to like like like pass it to each other. You're some you're some you're some um um like like like that's that's us passing the mic welcome to this episode. Whoa. Um, we've you know know know okay got some great stuff in store for you. We have a stick listen to this this this. Okay. That I mean well was fun. What are we going to be doing today Leon? Not drugs, those are.
52HuSWEnX2m5zsZgBGzShf.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want I want I want want want to take a second to talk well um about anchor if you haven't heard heard heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a like um podcast. Let me me me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to to to I mean so record and edit your podcast right from your phone phone phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast you know uh for you so so so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple pie case and many uh like more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and it's everything you you you so you know need to make a podcast in one place download the the the free anchor app or go to okay so Anchor dot f m-- to get started started started. Are you going to love this one? I so you know put out so much content content content that if you listen to my stuff for free it every single day if you listen to one of my pieces of.
1bvUHB6JYgptSbaALWTRwR.txt: Hey guys, welcome to the Breakthrough podcast. This episode is being brought you know so to to to you by anchor if you aren't aware of what anchors anchors a podcast well well well like hosting and distribution side and an app is well, if you aren't aren't aren't aware you know well of what it is. It's definitely one of the best best best apps that you can um okay go and find out anchor will help you distribute a podcast podcast podcast to iTunes and the okay uh various different platforms. It also has a lot lot lot of editing tools where you can edit your well um podcast right from a a a phone or a computer. It's basically everything you need to have like like a nice nice nice podcast all in one place. So, please go ahead and download the anchor um um um like app or go to Anchor or FM to get started. What's up, Michael? How's How's How's it going? you know you know you know I mean Hey, bro, I'm good good good. And it's going good. Pretty good. Thanks for thanks for thanks for doing this for me, me, me, so okay man. I think I just called you once and you came without any questions without any doubt. So.
6w2bY51SkjaqnufL4Y1Sav.txt: Yes. Hi. I am I am I am calling this number because I saw it on a a a bathroom uh like wall. See if see if see if your Brandy greetings earthlings earthlings earthlings you're listening to Brandy is going to hell so like and today is going to to to be extremely exciting. I have Adam Breeze of Raven I with like I mean us but but but before we hop into that, I just wanted to go over I so you know sold sold sold myself short on the last episode about my romantic capabilities. I I mean mean mean um think I came up on the last. Episode saying that I don't remember what what what I mean so I got. My boyfriend my boyfriend my boyfriend for Valentine's Day Day Day mentioning that I write thoughtful cards out, well uh but I personally think I've trumped trumped trumped his romantic capability is because I got you know um him a heart-shaped cheesecake covered covered covered in chocolate because he loves cheesecake and I I mean uh also got him Star Wars Wars Wars socks that were super cheesy with hearts all over the boxes. So dope so dope so dope after you listen.
5pmDmo87UK9lIMrMNv0mAD.txt: Welcome to the indoor stronger podcast made by Runners for runners we go to guide guide guide to um so get stronger bulletproofing training against injury and build resilient bodies for life and and and racing you know so we're passionate about serving run a community and we we we bring the most interesting and accomplished like like guests and speakers to inspire you you you and keep you entertained on those long slow okay uh runs. I'm your host host host. McIntosh and mcIntosh and mcIntosh and I'm a writer and a certified nutrition nutrition nutrition and weightlifting coach um you know and I'm joined here by Laura Rockford a charter physiotherapist physiotherapist physiotherapist and pilates expert extraordinaire. You like you like you like um can like us us us on Facebook at facebook.com slash and draw stronger and on Instagram and so so so you know Twitter and draw stronger. You can also join our Facebook Community by clicking visit visit visit okay okay group on our page and sending us a member of West if if if you're enjoying like like the show, please, please please leave us a review on iTunes iTunes iTunes and if you have any questions or comments or any feedback for us about the show.
6l0pWAfGA3mPjProWgqzNW.txt: Welcome everyone to the inaugural episode of Finding Fergus who is Fergus you may may may ask um you know that is my best friend since the second grade when when when I was seven years uh um old Nate nasty couple of nicknames. He had gotten gotten gotten Natan a sty Fergus Ace Qbert okay um Boos. Oh the clown the guy has has has all sorts of nicknames and I okay I mean assure you I'm going to to to tell you those stories from all over. The years okay uh but the reason we're we're we're looking for Nate nasty or finding Fergus is because he has a I mean like propensity propensity propensity to disappear and I'm not saying like three four weeks at a time okay okay okay I mean or maybe even a couple days when I get my sad boy moments moments moments uh um. I'm talking six months to a year. This man can disappear at times times times. He has well okay a lot of stuff going on in way of not knowing what's going on and he often finds himself in.
1xJ3cZUIQyVZo0v88eJrhx.txt: Welcome to go out loud with Aiden pregnant and Claire Gallaher Gallaher Gallaher. We are to business uh I mean owners looking for a better way in business business business and life this week. We're well I mean looking for a better way way way to manage our time. So rich characters starting so you um so know what? I'm I'm I'm really glad we decided to look at this book this week because uh uh uh um I like I just went to revisit it a wee bit and I I I realized so so so much of this stuff. I didn't realize I was doing doing doing since I read so well this book, but it kind of just there so so so intuitive they just so so kind of made their way into my routine because because because I was aware of a I mean uh way to do things better integrate integrate integrate at the Texas integrated. Hmm. What is this? um so um so um so Vector is the question. Okay. So this book is make time how to focus on what matters.
5qFRI0Ijls3Y7dQhreMfF1.txt: Back again fun see this is like thought the episode I didn't even well well well well use it. I know I know I know I don't even even even think we get past the Faustian and right okay well so hello hello hello. Hi. Hello. Oh the fox. I thought the voice of God special guest um um um um for haven't eaten the sexy. Lift my English the funding. What are you you you here I mean you know for the title of the show some Pisco rational rational rational brought up but English on the translator uh so is interpreter translating right or crooked crooked crooked right? So bend as our guest. Yeah, Ben tell us okay okay who you are are are and who you are Nick. I'm a I'm a I'm a sexy ban the English translator for all the non Scottish listeners. Yeah.
1ccF1WJijw4ePtWSciuIPv.txt: Hey guys, it's Jeff hammer or your Law of Attraction coach with the dominating Edge Edge Edge today like well. We'll speak about the Benjamin Franklin technique. So stick so stick so so so stick around when I was you know like a kid. Kid growing up in in in Minnesota. Oh, maybe I was about 13 so uh or 14 years old. I I I was having a tough time making a decision on whether I well well well I mean wanted to accept an offer to play in the school's jazz band. I I I was a I mean I mean trumpet player. Already playing with the concert band and Orchestra So although I was flattered by the invitation. I knew.
6jyaOoQ6aF3TB8z93Honak.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening to Legends cast a podcast about the cards cards cards The Meta and the um well community of Legends of runeterra. This episode episode episode this episode this episode is supported by listeners like you to become a okay so so so supporter of Legends cast visit patreon.com slash Legends cast. Let's do this. Hello Hello Hello and well uh welcome to Legends cast a podcast about the cards The The The Meta and the community okay you know of the legends of runeterra. I'm I'm I'm one of your host Mark looks or the lift okay like outside of of of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. And with me tonight is well, actually nobody. This is a bit bit bit I mean like of an in-between episode. Unfortunately dead broke nerd and I could could could not get okay like our schedules to work together this week at our normal time, and it meant that we were unable to record. In.
4mPifYBI2B3UAkj0z9Q1oG.txt: Really quickly, really quickly, really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where where where you can listen uh well to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one one one place for free without a premium like like account Spotify has a huge catalogue catalogue catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable topic plus well I mean you can follow your favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode premium users so you know can download episodes episodes episodes to listen to offline wherever and whenever and easily share what well um um um you're listening to with your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already already already I mean um Ready, be sure to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily daily daily on um well Spotify or browse podcasts in the your library tab. Also, make sure to to to well well follow me. So you so you so you never miss an episode of of of Optimal Health daily. This uh so is Optimal Health daily episode 948 the benefits of of of sleep for weight loss and other well okay fitness goals by Rachel Trotta of Rachel Rachel Rachel Trotta.com. And I'm and I'm and I'm your host and narrator. Dr. Neil. Hey, they're happy middle of the week Wednesday and welcome back to Optimal.
5mYAjoyjksszJLQmLkHjfD.txt: This episode of the ortho bullets podcast will go over the topic of pediatric well well well you know traumatic hip dislocation from the Pediatric section on Ortho bullets.com pediatric pediatric pediatric traumatic hip dislocations like you know are usually posterior and may occur due to low low low injuries sports injuries in children less uh so than 10 years of age treatment is is is urgent closed reduction under general anesthesia or okay uh sedation open reduction may be be be required if there is an intra-articular fragment following reduction well I mean. 80% of of of these injuries are traumatic posterior dislocations again 80% of these injuries or traumatic well well well I mean poster dislocations. And these and these and these injuries are more common common common than hip fractures in you know uh pediatric patients. Again. These injuries are more more more common than hip fractures in pediatric patients, the well okay mechanism of injury injury injury in patients aged less than 10 may be secondary to a okay um low low low energy sports injury or a trip and fall the mechanism of injury in patients age greater than 10 years old are mostly High.
2IkgdpZhQJyf1WgsB7gyb1.txt: Did you took your daughter go to a party tonight stores called The well well well um Unlucky at lap record, but it's fun time with you. See for for for forward Tyler like uh did all that all of it was a leprechaun leprechaun leprechaun named Lenny Lenny. The leprechaun you know I mean Lenny was the unluckiest unluckiest unluckiest Leprechaun in the whole wide world. He didn't have any I mean uh rainbows rainbows rainbows on the island. So if there were no lame bows, then there were no pots of gold and if there are no pots of.
2VZElf568AsWKUqR4VG9XE.txt: Free to fly in Step Up and step podcast the puff and Steph podcast. Hello Hello Hello well okay everybody and thanks for hanging out with us on this Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. For those of you uh like who don't know. We usually shoot these shows shows shows day before and there were some major I mean I mean major news dropped dropped dropped today and I'm sure you know about it. I don't know well well how how how much time you've had to think about this but this is a new story story story uh you know that really does impact your life a lot stuff. So I I I think it's time you have well um any idea when talking about the new Bachelorette Bachelorette Bachelorette it is about the new baby well I mean. I figured we'd talk about about about it. Yes. I'm glad this up actually did like well as much research. You looked looked looked into it to find out what her deal was okay like and her deal is is is it looks like she's trying to be famous you think so, let's see she was.
76sNJg3sTD8H3sYA1gFrK1.txt: This is the podcast on creativity and execution. I hope you enjoy the most most most so well Sinister. I cannot defile seems a my best friend spending their hard-earned money money money um um to buy tickets to come to your shows. You don't you don't you you you don't need this right so well here. I promise you you want the Moon just just just say the word and I'll throw like well a lasso around. Hey guys, this is is is Joe. He's a quick little intro on you know you know what you're about to hear hear hear Johnny got invited by one of our friends who's you know okay a teacher At At At Crutchfield Nations the class. He teaches a class called leadership development um I mean mean mean. So he asked Jonny to come in talk about culture and Johnny kills it it's well like like like really good talks about core values talks about how important those are and uh uh uh I mean how vital it is to know what your core values are so you you you can create um uh culture within your team within your friends and got your whole life. Basically. It's really good. I hope you enjoy We.
5ycbjj3B4EN8Z8nRB50ytA.txt: You have you have you have reached the every little thing help or interrupting our regularly scheduled scheduled scheduled programming to um you know give you an urgent Flamingo update. On the line. We We We have our Flamingo okay so correspondent Hi, how are you? This is this is this is is is flamingo biologists Felicity. Arango from the like you know American Museum of Natural History. You You You heard her on our do not underestimate the you know like flamingo episode episode episode where we outline why the flamingo is the most badass creature on the the the well um planet. Yeah. They're they're pretty badass. Yeah. I appreciate I appreciate I I I appreciate you taking our urgent call today. Sure. I you know well don't know if you're you're you're on social media, but on Twitter and Instagram there has well well been a flamingo flamingo flamingo event. In the in the in the last week. Yes. I saw it. It It It was, you I mean okay know brought to my attention by a few people. It It It looks like a picture like uh from a flamingo crime scene. Yeah, there's yeah, there's yeah, yeah, yeah, there's two adult flamingos in a baby flamingo and one of the adults looks like it's attacking.
2DFvNm0KQOKH9S87QnguWJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. Hello and welcome to the SVU SVU SVU well like after show here and AfterBuzz TV. I'm your host yell Segal. I'm I'm I'm here I'm here I'm here so um with Taylor Gates. Yes, you are. I'm your she she she LL. Oh and oh and oh and you're the CEO uh uh season 21 episode 15 15 15 swim. Being with the sharks baby shower. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's you know uh uh uh great. If you haven't joined us before welcome. Let us let us let us us us tell you ahead of um uh time that if you find yourself in a a a situation where you need help, please well you know reach out to rain. They They They are wonderful organization. Their hotline their hotline their hotline is 165 six four four four six seven okay so three one eight hundred six, five six four, six seven three, please if you've been assaulted or raped or need someone to talk to call them.
7AkSwKS9QXaeVvKqMDoYZz.txt: With traffic with traffic with traffic errands and parking cars can be a chore chore chore but a great car so uh can be an adventure a getaway and a a a prized possession whatever your budget or family so like require. There's a car out there there there. You'll love we're here to help you find you know um it. I'm Todd. I'm I'm I'm Paul and this is the everyday driver car debate. I am you know like so happy happy happy for you that you got the Lotus out the heating pads weren't you're I I I mean I mean happy for me. I'm thrilled for you're happy for me. Honestly driving. Sports Sports Sports cars sports cars sports cars in so well the winter sort of revelatory revelatory revelatory isn't out but just driving it period it honestly I like so last started it the day day day after Christmas because I had to get it out of I mean well the garage and and and having some work done start start. I'm trying I'm trying I'm trying to to to wrap uh like my head around this you started it last night started was the the the day after I mean like Christmas. So that's been like what three months as as as of this report. Last time. It I mean well moved was a month before before before that. Oh my gosh. So the tires by the um um way, where there's one thing. I I I mean I could tell mean granted it's not a heavy car uh um is is is true. I could I could I could tell that the tires needed a kind of they needed to go in a circle for a bit.
5ZaZBJN0mom9Zkok0gSadf.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome back to Talking Tom. Like I'm one of your your your hosts hard so like and a husband here with my friend and I brutaka and and and Gordon believe so uh it or not today. We will be discussing breath load tap tap tap some of so like the Daleks 64 our last page of rough road today today today. We thought that I okay like know whoo-hoo today. We thought for today's death. We would actually actually actually just it's really just part of uh okay an unload we would just learn learn learn the dots together and see what we uh so can glean from some of its its its insights will start with a murabbi oven like well which is Really the first topic that's that's that's on the top. I'm already Ivanhoe Levi Collins opaque uh you know and such such such trash to add Del Canto The Colony club meeting Asha Asha okay okay. I need to tape me pronounce for the oven how Levi says that if someone forces a.
0aAUYpI63EuJu1oZuwLKQ1.txt: Movers Netter just talking to teachers talking to teachers about academic research and evidence-based practice practice practice I mean so with continuing professional development at PNA 1977 on Twitter is Netter Netter Netter. Just talking to I mean you know teachers welcome to this week's Dale is NASA NASA NASA in association with the teacher development trusts so I mean and now proudly sponsored sponsored sponsored by John Kat educational. So we have a strip Back Lean um uh podcast podcast podcast this week. So there so there so there is no teacher development trusts section section section or the usual podcast pedagogy I mean um section where it's me and and and Rings into music film and books. They will like um return next week. So it's it's it's just stripped back to feature me and the wonderful ormer like uh Akbar in in in conversation. And the and the and the reason for this strict back podcast is that that that I'm uh uh recording especially early in the week this week because I I I have just been recording a couple okay well of Epic podcast. So as I'm speaking to you now have literally just got off the phone to Daisy Krista.
6ChNxIoe8gkovaVvs3LguH.txt: Hey, are you a dude? Yeah, do yeah, do yeah, do you like thinking? thinking thinking No. Well, sometimes you like like um thinking deep. Yeah. How about having fun? fun fun Of course? Well, then we've got the podcast for um so you. We We We are we are we are dude for Thought come join us as we try to find find find like well the line between philosophical and nonsensical seriousness and silliness theological and comical comical comical. Hey, if hey, if hey, if uh so you're listening to this, you know, how how how podcasts To work go ahead and subscribe and episode 1 will be out soon. Thanks. Bye.
5BwvPnQEk47FwCovs3pTLa.txt: All right, it's going what's our podcast even called. I thought I don't know know know. We're just you know okay kidding about that. I'm saying like like a couple couple couple of issues like hey, I got okay like a couple issues with for we don't don't don't have a low blow but we don't have um like issues or just so so so we'll just call it the Tim and Chris Donna podcast I mean like like like for now, of course town and Tim podcast, which ever one sounds better. We'll We'll We'll like we'll like we'll like so figure it out. I don't know. Hi, I'm Christina. I'm I'm I'm Tim, I'm Tim, I'm Tim, this is our uh uh podcast is first first first time something new just you know had an idea one day um uh like like like hey, you know, we do have a lot of talks and sometimes we're going um um um you know to like deep talking. So we just thought hey, you know might might might as well try uh okay to start a podcast, you know, maybe get some people involved see if maybe anyone else agrees with.
2xnlFGJnCXuDv1zf05P6Uh.txt: What a paper change welcome to another episode today. We're going to talk so so so so about the gross margin impact of a successful launch of the Plaid mode Model Model Model S okay so and plasmid model X on Tesla by this is something I'm I'm I'm really really excited like like about from a financial perspective. So going to nerd nerd nerd out on this shout out to the uh uh third row podcast. I came up up up the idea for this episode. We were just recording and uh uh we're talking talking talking about this new track package that came out for the model 3 so I I I mean. It's like a $5,500 upgrade where you can basically get these really cool cool cool looking you know so new tire. Hours for your performance model 3 which already cost cost cost 60 Grand and then I mean I mean you pay five and a half Grand Grand Grand more for these new tires and these brake pads you know well which are geared geared geared to make it perform better on the track. It's gotten you know like some some some awesome reviews. So that's a really cool thing. And I was just thinking thinking thinking like you know uh wow, there's so much opportunity for Tesla as sort of of of this luxury Performance Brand to like okay upsell all of these fancy new features features features and services that sort of Die Hard fans and like okay like Tesla nerds nerds nerds would love and the track package is one example, but what I think think think well um is an even bigger example of this trend and what's really going to happen in late 2012.
32fHsDixF5slILdXQWUzj8.txt: It's Brock sale from the Bronx Tale podcast. And today I'm going to like like like well be telling you about my favorite app, which is Anchor. It's the best best best app to um well use for any type of podcast. It's free. It's easy. You You You can use your um uh phone computer or any other device to record it it it. And once and once and once you post the uh I mean podcast, it doesn't doesn't doesn't just go on acre. They post they post they post it on Spotify to get get get your like so podcast more exposure and to help you out in my opinion. Anchor has everything everything everything you need in one like you know place and it is the best platform platform platform to create. Any type of podcast I well like think this is episode episode episode 4. I don't know how many episodes I've done. This is this is this this this is so okay Braden. It's a hybrid. Nice to meet you meet who? Yeah, I I I don't think uh uh anybody lists the rest doesn't matter. Yeah, fuck it. We're We're We're going we're going we're going to talk about like you know the combine that just happened happened happened and how the Panthers are going to get the like well best pick pick pick in the draft again because they're picking it seven then that's where we pick Christian McCaffrey.
54L0QnebCHP3yrLoZVvT1I.txt: Hello, how's hello, how's hello, how's it going? It is Friday, March 6th already already already 2020 time flies when you're I mean well having fun. Isn't that right? Having a a a blast here today shows a good one. Nice well so Feel Good Friday to send send send you in the weekend and beautiful fashion. We have well like conversation with Kyle Rudolph who breaks breaks breaks down. V play from the New Orleans Saints playoff you know so game that that that you would want to hear the answer from has a very good so well well well answer. Also Aaron also Aaron also Aaron Jones in the Green Bay Packers and and and all the other conversation I mean like that you could potentially want to hear hear hear about life. We can't we can't we can't thank you enough for uh um choosing choosing choosing to listen to this show. I mean you could do a lot of other other other okay I mean things with your earholes right now. A lot alot alot of the the the things people say you shouldn't use I mean okay Q-tips and more I use use use them. I use I use I use Q-tips all the time. I love okay I I I mean me too. I love Q-tips to there's a war on Q-tips, by the the the way, okay um though because they you know, the Hand against Q-tips is that that that you push it in there and you burst your jump already got a burst ha ha joke's on you.
6kkiT5J8sNm2ngOriAhjQA.txt: Have you been looking for a way to start a podcast? If so, look no no no well okay further. If you haven't heard of anchor it's the easiest way to make well well well so a podcast. Literally it's free. There's no monthly minimum. You don't have have have to pay to host you know I mean your content. There's creation tools that allows allows allows you to record and edit your podcast right from uh uh your phone or or or computer an anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So uh so you don't don't don't have to mindlessly or in the Sleep host your RSS feed to um I mean mean mean Spotify and apple and everywhere else. They'll do it for you and you can um um um um make money. I'm your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you want you you you know uh in a podcast in one place. You have something to say you want want want to get well um it out. You want you want you want to write a a a note just upload and turn on uh um your anchor app on your phone and and and hit record and save notes to your like so library to upload to future episodes download download download the free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
6vRLNVEQ4xqtMxnms3RZh3.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Tina from the high of scishow scishow scishow. If you haven't heard about okay okay anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a podcast. Let me explain. It's a hundred you know okay percent free this creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from um so your your your phone, or you can do it from your computer. Anchor we do the the the rest so you know. It's going to distribute your podcast on most popular platforms, like like like apple podcast Google podcast Spotify um like and many more on top of that that that. You can you can you can actually earn money from your um um podcast with no no no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast and I I I mean uh one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f f f m-- um um to get started. You're listening to the high up Sideshow a podcast podcast podcast that allows people so okay like you and me to invest our money in the the the more entertaining way so you know. My name is Keen arrivals. I'm a photographer photographer photographer by the day, but I make most well like of my money by by by flipping cards and this show I'll be sitting down well uh with you and sharing sharing sharing my best practices. You learn my process the lessons. I've like like learned and more more more importantly who you should be buying sup guys and welcome back um um to to to the show. It's your boy. Keen arrival keen arrival keen arrival isn't I'm back today with another episode over the last few days. I've noticed that too.
1j8xGvO6QhVEwJTBsnBexV.txt: Don't be cash be Maya because every payment you make droop a Maya my so so so so guarantee but like buy a gun belts in rebates and discuss in a a a mica well uh covid Bhai. I'm promo. Anabolic Valley anabolic Valley anabolic Valley can just use use use our code. That's KU Z AZ um um and me honking honking meaning in a script script script to get the full code. Just um um listen to our full Kodak bad bad bad habit by again. This is huge and you're listening so um to good answers. Hi, Hi, Hi, I'm youths and we are living to have you here I mean uh with us us us on good desert has a podcast for and bike Millennials and address uh so. Hello Hello Hello. Makka bit behind. This is Martin. This Iris and this is huge and like like like like you're listening to for this episode guys. Now you mock the 21 know how much Daddy Buna you guys.
2wUZi8jTYLcxEVQuhppE9I.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting we're we're we're counting we're counting down you know I mean the top 31 Sports Kindles of the the the past 31 years. Today's event comes to uh I mean us from 1992. When the the the Little League World Series Was Won by an Unstoppable uh well group of youths from from from the Philippines. It was a team that captivated the world I mean okay until until until deceptions of age and geography came to light and changed everything for more shocking like like like um sports events from history tune in right here. Day to our March Madness special special special listen you know so free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. The Little League League League World Series um so is perhaps the most well-known event in international Youth Youth Youth Sports and while it might uh okay evoke an image of fun and innocence throughout its 73 year history. The tournament has been plagued by Scandal.
5llL5lw9iRIXRyDbmBsXhX.txt: Don't read too much about coronavirus but read Psalm 91. He clearly declares some 91 91 91 I mean uh over your life. No virus no virus no virus can Prevail over over over the spirit of God plead the blood uh like of Jesus that if the virus virus virus is a wave around and tries to even come like uh close. The fault so don't don't don't meditate and coronavirus. Don't talk too much about did like like you hear this this this more people are dying now and this was happening is coming close you know uh some some some of already coming to India. I don't know whether it's going to come come come to okay I mean Hyderabad don't invite is not a good guest is that that that it kicked out of Hyderabad uh uh right? There is no permission to come come come into our houses. Come on into your life. Nobody. None of you is going to be.
6jXmrYyOmLNFL1g4n7ttLR.txt: Everybody and welcome back. How's it going? Welcome back to the Disney College podcast podcast podcast. I'm here I'm here I'm here um you know with my friend cat cat. How's How's How's it going? Say hi. Hello. So on this episode okay well we are man man man for episode is really funny because we're just kind of so uh diving diving diving. All right into it. We're going to demonstrate it crazy roommate stories. I have have have okay um a feeling that this is going to be a serious. So we'll so so so we'll so we'll call it I mean okay vol 1 but cat you want want want to so who were your roommates and what well well happened? Okay, so I extended so so so I had I lived in a four-bedroom eight-person okay uh apartment. So I so so so I so I had seven roommates of until I think it was May my original end date.
0X663c1I6j1cehJvy10WMm.txt: Chances are chances are chances are the Tokyo Olympics probably won't be canceled. But if if if but if but if they were just what so like would that look like? Well, Well, Well, this is a very small part of what we you know you you you know are talking about in today's episode. So let's get things started. The coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus is well like the Talk of the Town right now and today I want want want to cover it like I mean in some detail from a bit of a different angle angle angle. All in this okay you know episode I want to talk less about masks masks masks and hand sanitizer and more about uh so perhaps the financial financial financial emotional maybe economic impact just the overall impact. This is having on you know you you you know well everyone before we get into the hypothetical impacts. I want to talk about the impacts that are happening right now, for example, Ironically in.
7cAmvm6CiYmbwJSaEcH8cp.txt: Yeah, brother yeah, brother yeah, brother a do the intro bam. Hey who this is? is is Give me give me give me P frog. Hey okay like guys, welcome to to to the mm. Oh, no show. I'm sorry. It's called ammo no photo show like I mean mean mean. Yeah, you're so dumb stupid. I have rediscovered frickin 90s rap brother. I heard I heard heard heard I heard I mean you know I heard because I played it for you. This one's for for for you man. I don't okay you know know not to go off topic here. Oh Oh Oh guys, welcome to the Moa. No you no you no you know you know know know photo show. We are a podcast that talks mostly photography, but also you know um gangster rap rap rap gangsta rap son that day all day, but we were a gangster rap podcast podcast podcast you know you know. We wouldn't make it. No. No we'd be so don't don't don't get enough social door - I mean uh yeah, you gotta be cool to to to be this gangster rap. Anyway, I love Snoop Dogg so you know not awkward. So So So anyway Homer want Steve Netflix. Yes, Natalie Korea. You need to watch the history of RAV of hip-hop because.
6laf36slojw6EDeDqNso48.txt: I've never even been to Oklahoma. I'm pretty sure it's where the wind goes you you you know uh whipping down the plains and up until recently that's about what I I I knew of it okay well. But now I know it's also the ancestral ancestral ancestral home of two warring American factions those no-good um like greasers and those rotten sotius sotius sotius. Greetings and welcome to fuckboys of literature. I'm your I'm your I'm your host well well well so Emily Edwards. What is it about this book? That just gets it it it I mention um um it on Twitter and it gets love letters. So with me me me today is writer journalist Leslie you know okay gray Streeter. How are you today? I I I am really good. I'm really good. Thank you like okay. I am so excited to have you you you on because you suggested a book that I was embarrassed to say that I had. Never.
3Vr6AUCTQgVWoE137b4IdB.txt: Hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie Maggie Maggie okay so Perry. I'm a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Clinical Clinical Psychology. I'm also well uh the founder of the online group therapy platform model that that that care. I love helping people overcome so like anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and and and stress, please join us each week as we uh you know share real sessions with with with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing with uh you know anxiety OCD mood mood mood disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like sounds like you know know know okay and feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their biggest biggest biggest fears and find that uh so despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can they they they can they can still live a rich full and meaningful life with a reputed you you you know you know approach a strength base and seeks to find and reinforce what clients clients clients do well to well okay help them generalize those skills towards areas where their their their stock my model for okay um Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
00x6bXv5JPNTCDteN5JGlP.txt: Hey there, welcome to the Mind Meets Body podcast a space dedicated to Rio help help help conversations so I mean with a dose of self-compassion curiosity and imperfection. Join me Maria Maria Maria Sosa of holistically Grace okay you know as we take a deep dive into redefining redefining redefining and exploring Health through the well so mind and body. This week's guest needs no no no introduction. She is she is she is an author Wellness consultant you know you know and and and self-care Queen. She teaches workshops and Retreats centered on helping others find their voice voice voice through uh well storytelling poetry and narrative writing rooted in trust without shame. She She She is she is she is the magic so like behind words for Wanderer loving loving loving my language neon soul and my all-time favorite the today I like you you you know affirm Journal which I have to be honest has been the only Journal I have ever been able to stick to and incorporate into a daily Wellness routine.
1atrQkpyjOpFyKObdmjZvJ.txt: The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth you're listening to think think think you know okay fags. When big bank and DJ Scream laughing first class sounds sounds sounds is the voice you know well of DJ Scream big Bankers his time for for for another edition of big well I mean fashion big bank. We got family in the building building building y'all nudity is on big fast, like like nobody. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. How you you you feeling, bro? Feeling good. Just nod his head like okay ha ha ha ha ha. It's a conversation. This ain't no interview. I think this is you know um um um just a conversation. It's like talking to you know, one of your partner and um um um um well, why don't women man talk real talk, but one thing you you you got to do we know uh uh you're going to do is just addition is is is swear that you going uh okay to tell the truth the whole truth nothing, nothing, nothing, but it was just big fast uh okay tradition. Can you do that? Hmm? Hmm Hmm Okay. All right, cool. So what we well like left off last last last time we talked it was just just just talking about you I mean I mean mean mean and wrapping and being Rapper and how you like you Embrace certain parts of it, I I I mean well but certain parts of it you like. So what space are you in now with just the whole rap shit, by the way,.
2H4TP1zhzPQh315RrApYFT.txt: You are you are you are listening to Episode 22 of these simple Farmhouse Life Life Life podcast today. I'm going to I mean okay be bringing on a friend of mine mine mine this woman and I met let's see here probably um uh close to to to or right at ten years ago. It's hard to believe that now you know like we we we always shared interest in all things Natural Health. All of that kind of okay okay okay so thing usually is what we would talk about when we get together. She's since she's since since since she's since I mean well moved away and We've just kind of we haven't chatted in in in a while, but I mean you know it was really great to record record record this episode. She has spent the last okay well several years studying herbs. Actually, Actually, Actually, she was already pretty into it whenever I met her so um and she she she has spent all these years doing that. So she's going to share some like okay of of of her knowledge of herbs and we had a really good discussion. I have to apologize apologize apologize uh I mean that I have not figured out yet, which I need to to to do before I do this again how to get the audio really crisp and clear when having a guest on.
3ZfMYPNaFhwA7mFsWbTxw8.txt: You're now listening to picture. Are we are we are we truly believe that that that the best of you so uh are those who benefit others so I'm a a a thief and here I am. And I mean uh we are your hosts for for for this podcast. All right, so I just like to say thank you very much for those who.
0MVRk1RrVDUaXnO92oi7pV.txt: Joe what is good y'all welcome to this week's episode of talks with taboo. Welcome Welcome Welcome to okay okay this week's episode of the podcast. It's Thursday man, Friday's Friday's Friday's tomorrow and you can smell you know okay it the weekends here and that's when you you you let the freaks out the uh um weekends for the freaks. Before I get into into into this week's episode. I just um um want to tell you that this Friday Friday Friday March the 6th. I will I will I will be in Iowa I mean um um um City at Gabe's and then the next day of March the 7th. I I I will I will I will be in I mean okay Detroit Michigan at electricity electricity electricity and both of those shows are on the E - so so a store store store. I've always wanted to play electricity. If really really excited to play that venue like like like like but today on the podcast. I want to talk about fucking up and why okay okay okay I mean it's okay to fuck up. Let's get let's get let's get into this week's week's week's episode. Are the are the are the podcast and so so the intro song this this this week is actually a song that a fan sent in like so that. I I I think all y'all are going to like, let's give it a listen. I need I need I need me a.
4bEhbAZDCOQsYAyZQuk1q3.txt: Hello Madge fans and welcome to Mage the podcast the podcast that works um I I I mean hard towards Ascension. So you so you so you don't have to to to I'm your host Adam Simpson well I mean and I am joined by terrie Robinson Robinson Robinson. And today we are going to talk like uh about the dream speakers in another another another episode of tomes of magic. But before you know um we do, I thought it it it might be nice to cover some announcements and also Terry um you know how how how you doing. I am I am I am doing fine. I was on the Midnight Midnight Midnight Express podcast to talk about okay you know the woo Kang now we we we talked for almost two and a A half hours like like just about the the the Wu-Tang because B ches discussion of the Hem Caso back where they so I I I mean take it where he takes 18 pages of material and talks about that that that for two so uh hours wasn't quite enough but the key mistake I made was I I I forgot that uh I mean Australian summer time and North American summer time do do do not occur at the same I mean uh time. So I'm like, let's let's let's figure out a time to record what will be good and you know uh uh uh I'm like 9:00 p.m. Your time sounds good and I work backwards and and and like like um I can wake up at that point you're in this portion is bloody. But and then only later did I find out that.
4Y2wwjbHqUGb993BxfPD4Y.txt: Welcome to par cast crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content about the the the world like um of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into some of the most most most notorious subjects uh I mean every week in addition to your normal con artists episode episode episode. We're exploring we're exploring we're exploring the most fascinating True well okay Crime themes covered covered covered across the park has Network. We've collected short clips from some of like um um um our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore ideas. Ideas, like motivation motivation motivation method and like I mean Madness and show how interconnected the True Crime world world world really is you can find these okay I mean original episodes for free on Spotify or or or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of I mean um episodes that we we we used will be posted in the description today. We're discussing cases um so of of of notorious assassins. What motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
6QtR8R7wMlhih0kSQ4Rfgw.txt: Hi, I'm Wendy zukerman and you're listening to science versus from gimlet. We're back back back okay well with an update on the new coronavirus because well things have escalated. In In In the last so like few weeks in new cases of the virus have been going going going up and up as well um of right now. There are more than 95,000 cases cases cases and over 3,000 debt and the you know so virus has spread fast outside of of of China with more than 70 countries now affected and so well we're starting to feel it it it here in the US just this week the you know uh World Health Organization put put put out an estimate of how deadly this virus is with headlines like so saying saying saying that it's killing Three point four percent of the people who get like uh uh uh it worldwide. So just so just so just how worried should you be the start start start we call that well, why don't you introduce yourself? Sure. So my name is Cecilia Beaux. I'm.
5kurfyBmPZnOTMvmGVOVqS.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome to MHS podcast celebrating International Women's Day Day Day 2020. Our podcast is based uh I mean on Elizabeth days podcast how to fail which which which is a celebration of things going wrong you know you know and what we we we can learn from that Elizabeth interviews the celebrity for them to discuss like so failings in in in their life both in their personal life and in their career showing how much much much you know like you can grow from things that maybe haven't gone to plan. So, So, So, my name's Beth well you know Wilson, I'm marketing comes officer at mha and I'm the the the host for this episode so so today. I have I have I have the the the lovely off Neil Blake with me who is the newly-appointed campaigns manager at NHA. So let's so let's so let's get to it. So your first.
5aHgJKHLTutOTuffw5tq8k.txt: I'm Chico. I love Pokemon anime and strutting down the runway of life. I'm I'm I'm Hazel. I so well love tennis. I hate I hate I hate small talk and have have have a thing for sexy monologues. I'm so you know Marky filter. What's that? Welcome Welcome Welcome to monster are aesthetically point one. Monster RX 931 uh well. And good morning, everyone everyone everyone. Good morning today Hazel is not feeling very well okay well Queen Hazel. And And And so he's chilling at home. Please send her some well wishes. Say hi hi hi I mean you know. Hope she's doing very well today, and she's just sitting around watching. Flex and chilling and while watching.
7ou727JYz9sQVwX1GohQ8M.txt: Hey folks hey folks hey folks coming to you live. If you don't know know know the drill you sure as okay uh hell should by now sitting here episode 42 42 42 got another action-packed episode for you here you know you know today. We are are are we are we are rocking and rolling. That's Grace that's Grace that's Grace Ibrahim behind the the the glass on the ones so so and twos and the man the solution to to to our audio that is Tyler you know I mean on the dice today rocking and rolling rolling rolling were excited. To have you here Tuesday after well I mean Friday Tuesday after Friday, Friday, Friday, you know the dance by now. All right, folks. Hang right hang right hang right right right like well with us here time to pay the bills just to let you folks like like like so know that with the new manscape lawn mower 3.0 cuts and Nick's are officially officially officially a um I mean thing of the past. This is their third generation trimmer featuring featuring featuring Advanced Skin safe you know um technology. So you keep your bad boys nice and smooth if you support the brain only dumb show. You don't only two.
7b9EZbExR0KbetuzUB0GIh.txt: On the bank of the Hudson River North of New York City sits okay well one one one of the most notorious prisons in America sing sing in April 1921 okay uh uh uh. The criminals the criminals the criminals imprisoned there with a worst of the worst many many many of them were there for you know so Life others for death. By that that that time the electric chair had claimed the lives of so I mean a hundred and and and forty three murderers in New York City alone. And that um I mean mean mean number would grow far greater as the years rolled on. But there was one man man man like you know on death row in 1921 who had escaped the clutches of old old old Sparky a longshoreman I mean so who is convicted of murdering one of of of his co-workers in a violent rage. He you know like was granted a reprieve from the the the chair and a chance to become one of the most feared men in the New York mob connected to over 60 killings.
6SMi2jM171MB6QjrYYWiX7.txt: No one no one no one likes a cheater but we all seem to know know know one. Maybe it's okay well the reason you don't talk to an old friend or or or one of your parents um so anymore. Their Amorous crime has cost them your trust trust trust and respect in some cases um okay. It's even more personal perhaps you've experienced the pain pain pain of being cheated on maybe you've I mean like even been the cheater, but but but no you've never cheated and you never will uh uh. It right it right it it it right after all you're in a good relationship and the thought of so um betraying betraying betraying your current partner seems impossible until one day. It happens. Your partner is um well sick sick sick or out of town. So you go to a party alone your eyes meet with an intriguing strangers and.
5OmCBOADN4SVjsrAT39dGz.txt: This is an outloud reading of one of our latest YouTube videos to find us uh uh uh uh go to youtube.com slash read it readers or click the link in the description description description below. Thank you so like so much for listening. Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey hey hey everyone, and welcome back to our / Petty Revenge well uh the subreddit where where where people post stories of small victories over those who dared you know uh to to to cross them. Today's post pick on the little girl playing paintball. Enjoy your forced forced forced. I'm you I'm you I'm you know okay out. So this happened to me years years years ago to the details may be a bit fuzzy uh so in some parts parts parts when I was in Middle School. My brother was just graduating high school you you you know um. He decided he wanted to go into the Navy so Working with a a a recruiter um well and events would be organized for all the new recruits to to to hang out while well well they wait to go off to basic one. Such event was a day of paintball at a local.
40cQ1OZKNp9XhUTHa92mdK.txt: What is what is what is this so-called again? Thank you, Maggie. Okay, um um um. What it what it what it was that you know well again is is is after credits after credit your credits. Okay after credit, thank you, so well Maggie. I I I love I love I love you, Maggie. Okay. Hi guys. Welcome to after credits credits credits. My I mean okay name is Bryce and I'm here with my co-host. Her Her Her name is Carly. Hello okay um. Oh my gosh. Basically, this is the the the first episode of our And we basically the I mean so end. Oh my God God God. Okay, the basic structure. Is that every week? We're going to watch a movie depending on how we're feeling.
06lTquWPAOVJexhZonvQCa.txt: Hi there, I'm Joanna. I'm JD F. I'm Rebecca. I'm Erin and you're listening okay okay okay okay to see and be seen I cast this is a show where we'll be be be you know um discussing the creative like not just as individuals but also as a a a community will also talk so okay about what it's like to express ourselves and and and share stories through our respective creative Fields like I mean. Also the time you're here here here from us, but will also be featuring other artists you know uh on this this this podcast as well. If you're if you're if you're interested in listening to this podcast, be be be um um sure to check us out every second Sunday of the month on Spotify Apple podcast or whatever you listen to. Just enjoy.
61Ew1HhTy8t7W1chsUui5P.txt: Hello everyone. My name my name my name is Hobie economy said oh CPC bank bank bank today. Let's talk about okay well gold. Go touch an intraday high of of of almost one thousand six hundred and ninety dollars per I mean so ounce in in in February. This is a seven-year High a level not seen since 2010 January 2013 2013 2013 well uh. The question of most people's minds right now is can go beat his his his record high set I mean so on a rainy autumn day on 6 September 2011 2011 2011 the record high of 1920 $117 well I mean. Has not Closed in his den, den, den, or at least until now. I think it I mean so is first important to understand what what what drove prices to those sites in 2011. Let's you know okay take a trip down down down memory lane back in 2011. The war was still reeling from the 2008 GFC the US has just.
7Gyz6XJOSfpVyTyuiwzDFo.txt: Starting a business is not an easy task. Every entrepreneur undergoes a lot well well well uh of challenges a lot of obstacles and these were the business Mentor comes in in in with so uh enough experience experience of 26 years. I'm here to guide you join join join me uh I mean as I go along you're joining the words Brendan Brendan Brendan building your brand. Which virtual met uh I mean the business mentor? Hey, have have have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- you know, you know well when when when I began my podcast, I've been searching for so long. What kind of like you you you know host how to do it in general when I was trying to browse browse browse. It was so complicated so I mean so much so that until I I I found what anchor dot f m is all about, you know, it's so seamless so.
2gViultpkndrFPEVQJ3pOK.txt: God that's awful. Hello, welcome to your favourite film is awful. As always. My name name name is so so Luke. I'm with me is Charlie how you doing? Charlie didn't say the the the uh I mean thing, which what weekly podcast the weekly podcast where we invited guests guests guests on you okay uh just skipped it we have because we've done our guest guest guest. All right? Yeah. Well, why I mean well would I say this if if if there's no guests today? That is true. We don't we don't we don't so so so um have a guest one thinking ahead. Oh, okay. Yeah. I was wondering when the the the um I mean guest was going to turn up. Oh, yeah. No yesterday. Okay. I I I thought it'd just be like uh nice just the two of us. Laughter. Yeah. Yeah, it's wise I don't know if you've realized this but we've.
3xwXYI4A79TXcrFmMwRGV1.txt: Hey, what's up? Welcome back to the Purple Monkey podcast. We got a great great great well um show for you guys today Beauty right boys, beautiful beautiful show show show introducing a new I mean like market today. We'll The Savage if that's me me me. I'm well, I'm well, I'm well, or will you know so the Savage on this this this chord? That's great. That's a big. Thanks very soon. That's pretty well so Savage so so so money update two episodes in we not the not the most fruitful okay you you you know episodes. I'd say we're at four dollars 48 cents should Chang it's it's it's still we're like so almost at five dollars and was a $5. That's the point that that that I think so like we can probably Go to the dollar store almost five round round round trips. Yeah, that's really um I mean awesome. We can buy a bouncy ball or or or like a confetti Pauper like five okay you know of those not like a beef stick stick stick or this that oh, maybe beefsteak say like um we can see ya Takin darts at a a a dart for the Marlboro Man sponsorship okay okay backwards good idea. So this is the the the most packed episode we've ever had that's okay you know cool. It's cool it's cool cool cool it's cool five for the boy likes five people what could go wrong? you know know know so We would have to my tested fate. Let's just put it like that practically kissing.
5zlM5rEhKnLt2n8rLvaSjk.txt: Good morning. It's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show. Its heroines week week week like like and every day we're talking about real life heroic women from history history history start brushing on uh I mean the top of your mouth on one side and and and brush all the way to the molars I mean so in the back three three three. Today we're learning about a brilliant scientist who helped discover like you know DNA DNA DNA DNA is the recipe for all living things and the scientists name was Rosalind Franklin Franklin Franklin so well. Rosalind. Franklin was curious about science as a young girl. She grew grew grew up in well um London in the 1930s and went to one of the only only only schools that taught okay like women about science when Rosalind was a teenager she decided decided decided she wanted to be a well uh And just switch your brushing to the other side of the top of your mouth and.
56l8IkHywESmocXWaRmChi.txt: Hey, this is Steven furtick. I'm the pastor of Elevation Church in this is our our our okay well podcast. I wanted to thank you for joining us today. Hope this this this inspires you like I mean hope it builds your faith. Hope it gives you perspective perspective perspective to see God is moving in uh I mean your life. Enjoy the message message message. So thankful that you're here today and I am going so I mean to go go go ahead I normally have you stand to read the scripture is 19 like well verses today today today. So go ahead and sit down and we'll take it slow. God bless you you you uh uh. My scripture from today's point of view is Acts chapter 11. This This This sermon will probably um you know take two weeks to preach. We did it last night. The The The Lord showed up. I thought he well like did till nobody said there was was was here last night. Yeah. To me he showed up. And so and so and so we probably won't get to.
0HxDPGN2OG9ZtkOwdLZkpL.txt: You're listening to phenomenology Club radio. Hello, and thank you for listening to this this this so okay audio podcast. I am buttress the host of phenomenology club, which is an an an interactive so you know online community of artists and thinkers centered around this content that that that I create and curate like uh online for us to talk about which is is is why both our tagline for phenomenology um you know club and the subtitle for for for this discussion series is talk about it. Most of well like these uploads are are are originally stream live on our YouTube page. If you're interested in um like interacting with with with those as they happen live, please go subscribe and turn on the so so so uh notifications at youtube.com phenomenology club and in general to learn more about our our our club what uh I mean we do and how you can become a member member member for only one dollar a month, please visit our website at www.ge.com Club. Thank you thank you thank you for listening.
4lY18jNIVU9TcK0vQF5pbw.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the the the package a podcast. I wanted I wanted I wanted I mean um to take a a a brief moment today to let you know about the easiest way possible to start your your your okay you know very own podcast. Some of some of some of the more important important important aspects are actually having a service I mean okay to host and distribute distribute distribute the show as well as software to record each episode um like for the the the longest time. I actually I actually I actually paid money to host the the the packet a podcast and um so have a distributed to different podcasting platforms while also also also using different software as I tried to okay um record but not anymore anchor gives gives gives me everything we need to record host and I mean I mean Ribbit our our our podcast for free either from my computer tablet or cell phone. Not okay uh uh uh only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to make money with no minimum minimum minimum listenership um you know. If you're serious about starting your own podcast, you better be be be serious about using anchor you know uh download the anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- today to get started. 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
3tqgxnDfHCcN9XK19dS5PR.txt: So before we jump into the episode, we just want to let let let y'all know like I mean that the dead ass girls park has wouldn't be be be possible without anchor anchors it easiest uh I mean way to make a podcast podcast podcast and they give you everything you need in one place for um okay free. That's That's That's right. They give it to you for free, but you can use like so right right right from your phone or computer. They also got hella dough creation tools to allow so well well well you to record and edit your Cast to make it sound popping. They also like like like I mean will help you distribute the podcast if you want to grow the dead-ass family family family okay you know like we do you can be heard everywhere Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast Google podcast and many more. You uh well can also make a little bit of Ching from from from your podcast with no minimum listenership I mean uh. So download the anchor app app app or go to Anchor that FM to get started. That's anchor that's anchor that's anchor ANC hor to get started now, let's get this thing rolling.
32DrvZFCfE4oMYAXWmXXAD.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome to come want to start off the show show show by giving a well so fond farewell at least in the context of a presidential candidate candidate candidate to Amy Klobuchar. Amy Klobuchar amy Klobuchar amy Klobuchar um so has in recent weeks weeks weeks and months on some level endeared herself to me. I mean uh you know know know kind of a Madwoman if you're not familiar with her, she wasn't particularly viable as you know know know so a candidate it seems She got a shot. Someone say surprise. Someone say shocking some would say rat fucking endorsement from The New York Times along.
07PYTGM4XiVlHhySx6hu1O.txt: Yeah, that's nice. Welcome back. What an what an what an intro welcome back to to to talking backwards between Peaks podcast well like. I am I am I am Dave Jackson Jackson Jackson joined by Patrick Meehan. Hey everybody hey everybody hey everybody and holler you know know know um Mullins. I am here. This is our season 2 midseason recap episode. We're We're We're going I mean uh to go back to the beginning and and and pick up some of our favorite bits. I thought I mean okay this this this was a good stopping point after episode 9 it kind of I felt like okay okay okay so there was some closure and it certainly feels like the last half of the Season could have been its own.
5QauJYB9fy6CCv4xKIpHaY.txt: Welcome to the STG talks podcast where we discuss all things around the um um um I mean sustainable development goals in the roadmap to 2030. We are your co-host James James James and I mean um Kevin here to take you along the sdg ride ride ride. I hope I hope I hope you enjoyed today's STG well I mean mean mean talks podcast. Planning for planning for planning for resources Islam takes 10 years and and and probably another 10 years to okay like actually build it. So we always have to to to plan 25 years in advance for a um you know population 25 years later and you know know know similar to what many things happen in uh you know the world. We usually we we we usually we usually plan something for the present and then it doesn't end up um um um um working out for object data is currently a PhD student at the University of British British British you know um Columbia in Vancouver Abhishek is pursuing a PhD Environment engineering with a a a thesis around uh um the water energy Nexus. This is focusing on the energy and resource recovery from Wastewater to make wastewater treatment cyclical in nature.
22gm6OrvlXrrJdfFn0sHHM.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show uh uh uh well notes, so three years. I started listening to you and I was in a I I I mean well transitional phase and I had a dream to start a business and I had had had been um I mean had that dream for about 15 years and I think it was was was in so you know my vibrational escrow and I worked hard and when I started listening listening listening to I mean uh you, I left a really high profile job, and I I I did and I started a business okay you know. And for and for and for for for two years, I worked hard to get it off the ground and like well I was was was more lying than I've ever been aligned with anything in my life. And like and and and like and like well I got so aligned and the business started and I got got got everything I wanted and like so more and it was huge and it launched in in in a way more than I could well like have ever asked for no not not not more than you could have ever asked for us I mean like in a way way way that I did ask for saying that it's I wanted it and I got I want And I received it. Yeah, and.
3YXRP2g5re7trFu5qRt0UF.txt: It is it is it is really sad to be looking across the stage at somebody somebody somebody that you know uh you know, you done fucking split cans of tuna with and and and y'all can t have a conversation okay uh. You know, I'm saying the only only only moment y'all have is because we're just here to okay I mean serve each other other other to get this money and then we walking you know well apart. So it's like like like we're you can't even enjoy the success when you ask that you know I mean mean mean question, you know was a success not enough to sustain it. I don't okay okay okay okay think it was enough because we just weren't having fun. When we weren't weren't weren't I mean you know enjoying each other. Meaningful ways to make you know, a lot lot lot of us joke uh so the Twitter can be totally useless that it's just a a a bunch of idiots run wild um so a cesspool and blah blah blah, but let me tell you about that time that Twitter introduced me to what eventually.
1IGWQ2uSXK2vhwZ7wVYLBp.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight Fortnight Fortnight. I'm well I'm well I'm well uh your host Mikey AKA Mike. Daddy AKA AKA AKA daddy AKA daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. So today we have TNT Tina well so is available those those those challenges are now available for you to start doing so that so uh you can work work work towards unlocking T and Tina. So that's a little bit or a little piece of news. Of course. We will.
18PMiOvbnWKCLSpyRFzVqo.txt: All right, folks here. He is he is he is the big fella from the the the big North. We have we have we have like uh brought him in yet yet yet once again and yet once again another action-packed power I mean you know suit Tyler Tyler Tyler had have you seen something this ridiculous? We asked Alex last week. Have you so so so you know seen this type of soup come in the studio? It's not ridiculous. I I I I mean um think it's a good-looking suit. I it's like a mix of of of Obama's beige suit and like you know a J.Crew model. It's actually it's actually actually actually it's actually a J.Crew suit look, That you Tyler this guy is dialed you know know know um in and now what it what is the flower there? It's a lapel lapel lapel Rob. It's little um so lapel, you know, it adds a little flare flare flare a little spice. So you are and are like I mean you going to work work work right after this? Well, yeah, you keep getting me right you know you know know know before my work shifts. So well, so what we're going to do here here here so well again, we got a couple action-packed guests for you folks. We got a a a you know I mean big before anything. We got a big episode coming out Tuesday with animal planet's Forest galante we brought.
22czpn4H5CzDYdLeIwGhgx.txt: Hey what's going on box fans. We are back with a brand new episode episode episode of okay I mean the Ike Box podcast. We have a great show for for for you guys today. My well I mean name is KJ I said I'll be your your your host and it's actually going well like to be a solo pod today because because because the Lakers are on the schedule uh uh. Brian is in a meeting meeting meeting and we need to get you a preview. So we're um I mean going to to to talk a lot about the Box first Lakers. A lot of people so I I I mean consider this to be the biggest matchup of the year. It's on it's on it's on on on the well okay Lakers home turf at the Staples Center in Los Angeles Angeles Angeles. We all know what you know I mean happened last time the Box Box Box the Lakers played the Bucks got them good at the Pfizer so okay form and and and it is the infamous matchup yanis versus LeBron. This is what headline writers writers writers dream okay I mean of and you know that they're going to be stirring up some stories for this one. So if.
7eWetGg6xMuugGJw82nLT2.txt: It is it is it is time to take a bomp Danny calm down. It's time to to to talk about anchor our so uh new podcast platform. The easiest the the the easiest the easiest way to make a podcast that is a good point um like like like and gives you everything you need in one place for free and you can use use use okay okay it right from your phone or computer at anchor you can record and edit edit edit like okay and make everything that you put down on your podcast sound as as as good as well uh my voice or you can upload a podcast that you you you might have recorded on another um okay application. Also ankle will distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you so it can Be heard you know you know everywhere Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast Google podcasts and many more. You can you can you can make easy money money money um you know for your podcast. I'm talking about real easy money with anchor anchor anchor right? No you know I mean minimum listenership required download the anchor app app app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- okay you know right now. Yeah Melvin's Melvin's Melvin's yeah Melvin's yeah Melvin's broadcasting at a combined weight of 370 pounds representing Boston, Massachusetts. They are they are they are the podcast world's movie.
6c8CUf4yhEOVWngNqd0x3N.txt: In 1943 Pearl witherington was 29 years old an age when most girls would so well well well be settled down with a family trying to make the best of life during well well well okay wartime. Pearl was not most girls instead of sitting down to a a a warm meal with a okay okay husband and children Pearl was reaching the end end end of a lonely and grueling 50-mile bicycle Journey you know you know despite the chill chill chill of the night are sweat glistened on her forehead as she peddles I mean mean mean like along the share river in France her bike kicked up dust as she she she squeezed so okay the brakes just around a bend in the river a bridge came into into into view German soldiers coated um well the span like ants on a fallen Apple Apple Apple that bridge was the fastest route across the um like river a straight shot shot shot to deliver the vital message. She carried now, it was no longer safe. Pearl waded into the cold.
3gqwRApB8dGhCbZAaRG4C1.txt: Get ready for some clean teeth because it's time for Chompers your morning and and and uh so night toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth and brush brush brush in okay uh little circles all the way around each tube. It's heroines heroines heroines week. And today and today and today we're okay okay talking about a courageous woman woman woman from a place called Tasmania whose name was trouble Nene um okay. Tasmania is tasmania tasmania tasmania is tasmania is an island near Australia. There's a group of people they're called called called the uh like palala the Paulo were the first people to live on that that that island and tricking Nene was like you know one of the palala people switcher rushing rushing rushing to the other side of the top of um so your mouth and brush the the the molars in the way back. Nene was the daughter of you know uh a leader leader leader and love living on the island and being with her people, but when she was young there Island was attacked by Invaders.
7Fa3UOJcQ7xgRAPPoBbQj2.txt: Tony you tony you tony you know, what's really exciting about about this podcast podcast podcast. It's going on. Well, it's uh well the Partnerships that we've had and and and and coming up in May of our Partnerships are okay well going to be under under under one tent do yeah. I'm so excited. I mean this well you know is is is I think the first time ever right we able to combine everybody together um uh uh uh and it's awesome. Right? So while we're at hair Love retreat in May May May we're going okay well to be we're going to be there with schedule. Is he he he is he is he going to be you know okay a salon? Because of course course course we going to be there with her love um so Retreats. We really really really Mega excited about that and we have Elizabeth here and Elizabeth so well is going going going to tell us like all the details because schedule acidity in the very um okay schedule schedule schedule is City way, they're going to schedule a city cares giveaway. Yeah, okay you you you know they're going to give away a ticket to handle of retreat and Miss Elizabeth Elizabeth Elizabeth phase uh you know want to give us all the juicy details. Welcome Miss welcome welcome welcome Miss welcome Miss Elizabeth and today's so I'm okay okay so excited schedule schedule schedule is to be so generous to do this. Anyone can enter even if you've gotten a ticket, it doesn't matter its chosen at random.
4fJ6Y6IpljKy8FT8DZHx1L.txt: Just wanted just wanted just wanted to take a brief moment to give give give you guys a little idea um uh how we do it here at paddle and fin fin fin podcast. We use the anchor so you know dot f m-- recording platform super easy easy easy distributes our podcast too many many like okay different platforms. There's creation tools to allowed you you you to record and edit podcast you know I mean right from your phone or or or a computer check out anchor dot f m um okay or Download the free free free anchor app to get started. This segment is brought to you well uh by by by jig Master jigs when in doubt get the jig out go to jig Masterscom Masterscom Masterscom. And uh so use promo code. Pmf 20 and save 20 percent off your your your next gig order today okay you know. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the the the pedal and film podcast bass fishing for new segment where well um we try try try to improve our skills of the angler by learning new techniques for improving the ones. We already know. I'm your host Ryan Miller.
0OZTnBdmtcCUTakkQMl8Wk.txt: It's very funny because Chris plant is recording in our New York City office is is is um like right now and every time he needs to make a change she has to well well well like run across the room. Like it's a double dare challenge. Well, don't well, don't don't don't well, don't listen okay like that's part of the sort of you know, know, know, rocks Rockstar punk rock revolutionary sort of you know you know in the startup startup startup lifestyle. Yeah is well. I mean, that's how y'all record to write well well well okay. You have a giant paper mache nose with us the recording system inside. Of Of Of it I mean well and you have to pull out boogers to get it to to to start recording. Right? um you know Right. My audio interface is in a big sloppy sloppy sloppy pizza and I do need to um like dig around in there and then I I I do get if I say, you uh so know, if I cuss too much then then then Rosie O'Donnell does shoot a Koosh ball at me uh like and I hurts a a a lot. A lot of people will talk about that. Those um you know have a a a lot of ballistic force and she's very she's a very strong person. Justin was here set up. Like actually I have a cone.
5ptwR07zxdGM3uTxRZNJMD.txt: All right, welcome scientists and first ever episode of The Melody our I'm your your your uh okay host future and I'm here with a guest today Dover. He's from from from he's from he's from the skirt um so and he's going to join us for for for the ride on the first ever episode you know you know of Melody our little little little silver. How you doing? How are you doing today? Didn't well can't you know know know like complain Gil. Dad. I feel bad man after day work. It's good to to to so like just come back and relax at home. All right, so What do you you you think the like uh goal is for the podcast? Honestly, I have no idea. Let Let Let me let me let you know okay me try to Enlighten the that that that a little bit. So basically it did start out okay I mean as as as a meme between me and bay on the Discord server bunch of people okay you you you know were just talking about us having great voice and we should do like podcast podcast podcast so um and stuff like that. We went along with it mainly for the joke, and we ended up.
6BwubzSKN6LuxHoMa09f0n.txt: Hey there. Thanks for listening to the decaying major podcast. Make sure you follow your your your um uh favorite podcast. So you never miss an episode like this one or or or if you like well become a premium user you can download the episode so you you you can listen to them offline like I mean I mean I do when when when you're on a plane or wherever you're traveling and also well well you can can can share this with your friends on Instagram. If you haven't done so already you know know know I mean be sure to download the Spotify app and search for D. Km/h or or or browse well so podcast in your library tab. Lethargy said lethargy said lethargy said in in in head of sand pop it with a pin watch The Hour Glass Wall half-mast drop dead and unhinged what makes.
4mqpj3ZImtqP3AxBkDQFPN.txt: Hey, this is Elise and you're listening to Cool Moms podcast. Not like a uh uh uh like regular Mom. I'm a I'm a I'm a cool mom. Welcome back. Y'all. Thanks Thanks Thanks for listening. I have okay like had some shit on my mind per usual that I I I wanted to share of one um so of which is the fact that I I I have literally not had a job for uh uh the past. Really long time time time and like my adult life probably aside from like so uh a gig here and and and a gig there to the disappointment of my mother and my you know um bank account account account. I have I have I have not consistently been working and I think that's for a a a few like so reasons. One of which is the fact that I don't like going to work just to be like.
5l63AtnD68U2ZtK0imNUJn.txt: In the darkness of the night temperatures drop as your fear Rises the sounds sounds sounds of the okay well unknown only grow louder and closer and you fill your your your demise is it hand you I mean like stop and turn and see the harmless harmless harmless dancing shadows in your wake you let out I mean you know a shaky breath almost almost almost a laugh. It must have been your imagination. Suddenly well so. You feel you feel feel feel you feel a cold wind rip around you and the shadow. Doze whisper doze doze doze whisper doze whisper phantasmagoria I'm not ready for whatever he's about to say. I'm intrigued.
0a6uzr7OAJUOmnsd4mvLjF.txt: Hello everybody, welcome back to the Real Madrid podcast feed morning after a heroic display like like like I mean in El Clasico where Real Madrid were highly deserving Any Any Any of their victory that takes them well like back to the top in in in La Liga and this is how they described the goals that won the game. Let's pick a little bubbles water.
3HSwON4pH5Y9G5CDqEY0zm.txt: What's up, everybody? Welcome to episode 2 of East End talks today. We'll talk um um um uh about a few things that actually had conversations with some of you over last last last so um week and earlier this week. And the and the and the first thing thing thing was poor is why am I okay okay not posting the full week of workouts workouts workouts on Facebook a week in advance and you know you know it's simple reason reason reason really I just want don't want people cherry-picking the workouts. I know you uh um um um guys have certain schedules work schedules fail. Schedule things like that. And so and so and and and so there you know you know are days that you can make it and and and days. You just can't make um like it. And that is how I want you you you to plan your week. I don't uh um want you to plan your week week week to try based off of a certain workout that you're like you know trying trying trying to either avoid or go to we discuss kind of in the first podcast about about about the like you know purpose of the program is to Achieve a well-rounded base base base of Fitness across all domains of Fitness whether it be strength or cardiovascular endurance cardiorespiratory.
741QNkcc4nclxxDmCfNPfd.txt: Hey guys. If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make make make well uh a podcast. Let me let me let me explain first it's free free free. Then there's creation tools that allow you to so well record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor would distribute like so your podcast for you you you. So it can be heard on Spotify app a podcast so you know and many many more more more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership well okay. It's everything it's it's it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in one place download the free you you you know okay anchor app. Go to Anchor. FM to get started Alright, what's up? up up Welcome to um okay another edition of 40 is podcast. I'm your host Olympian Olympian Olympian Kip Wade Johnson. Okay, welcome to so so another edition of 40th podcast on today's today's today's episode. We have Slovakia's finest Marcel. I'm Nikki I'm Nikki I'm Nikki The Little Engine That Could I just made that up? So.
0Ot4MuWV35ik4whp0ElQPo.txt: They won countless noteworthy battles within the Roman military during the first and second second second I mean um century BCE. So how did one of the most efficient and influential combat combat combat outfits like I mean of all time vanish from the historical record? If you you you enjoy this episode and want you know uh to hear more Tales of Scandal murder murder murder and The Unexplained check out par cast presents so I mean March Mysteries, you'll hear hear hear episodes from some of your favorite Park asked shows Like uh well well well medical Mysteries gone conspiracy theories and more follow Park s presents free on Spotify okay like like like and anywhere you listen to podcasts. In 1851 the French Ministry of public public public education despatched assistant librarian Leon renier to Algeria. He was tasked with uncovering the secrets of this.
4HlQN5gPTUgFAC1LyRJVN6.txt: The wise men say preview show looking ahead to the Jillian game. Unfortunately, Martin Martin Martin Rory you know okay the idiot podcast isn't here this evening. So we don't really really really have a thing we can I mean so actually go through but we do do do have is people with jarring accents. They'll think hey, um uh why do do do they support Sunderland? I'm your I'm your I'm your host Tom Walsh and and and I'm here with uh so Jim. Hello and Matt. Hello Joe once again as cried off because this time he's got a nasty dark but of Coronavirus.
6rhceBtvqFQinPbN5pHNDM.txt: Hey guys, I'm Isabella. I'm Bailey. I'm Sofia I'm Sofia I'm Sofia and today today today we're going to be I mean okay talking about Tick Tock and it's road to to to success. So this app take talk has okay uh been showing up on on on a lot of people's phones and it's a really popular app and uh I mean mean mean it's gained a lot of popularity within the past few months. It's given given given uh you know a lot of teens opportunities to get some money and be be be famous. One of one of one of those well okay teams you might know know know is Charlie d'amelio. She has a lot of followers. Okay, so well well a a a song that you guys might know that's really popular. Is this song Lottery? Lottery Lottery So if you know uh he was dancing on the camera on that one, and and and so this one's really popular and Charlie develop. I actually created this trend so,.
22sGama0O8FHcYLT0Fh5u2.txt: Greetings Prince apps welcome to the second episode of the government being cast well well well uh a podcast dedicated to discussing the adapters. Titanic's will gain produced produced produced by Games Workshop. This is like like the second ever podcast I've ever made. So So So I hope this isn't too you know I mean horrible and still trying to to to find my feet. So I so I so I hope you are bear well well well like with the bad editing in places. I've done I've done I've done my best best best to fix stuff and re-recorded sections you know you know that were terrible terrible terrible. Anyway, let's get on with the show in this show. I cover so well recent recent recent news and questions that I've been asked by the community. I then spend spend spend the rest well so of the show focus on a conversation about maniples the the the basic building blocks like okay of the game. I was intending to spend some time time time discussing how to like well use them as narrative devices, but following some feedback and realizing realizing realizing have a lot of like um Basic Ground to cover I'll be focusing on the the the man of courses primarily from gaming I mean um perspective. This is a a a longer episode than I initially planned and you'll probably notice a I mean uh slight slight slight change in Styles throughout the main section of the shug. This week work was well well well so a lot busier than I was expecting and much for my normal recording time was taken by.
62T4xUjFEwcfcqPAW4g4j4.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our app app app today uh well and get access to thousands of free book and audio audio audio book summaries on personal development like okay productivity business and more listen to to to them while working out or commuting to work okay I mean and get the key key key insights of books in minutes instead of hours. Go to Quick I mean so so so read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the one our our our content okay uh plan by Miracle, 'then written by Leisha Laurie and quick read narrated narrated narrated by Alex Smith. Introduction um um Mira is making a big bold bold bold promise. She's promised to give you a Year's worth like well of of of blog post ideas in just a single hour. However, before you go all all all in you know well you need to know exactly how to formulate your plan, you've you've you've heard the quote give a you know um man a fish and you feed him for a day teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
6bmmcheEbj4Joxlq0Aa0u8.txt: At some at some at some point in time a bad spell of wet weather came came came over well you know a Southern state flooding most of the many counties since since since the water was about six I mean um feet deep outside and inside their house house house one family spent its time sitting on I mean um the porch roof watching watching watching the wreckage Float by the young son happened to notice well um a nice nice nice Straw Hat as it went downstream. My he thought I'll bet that person well like who who who lost that hat is very sorry now after the Hat had floated out um um um um of sight. Around the corner of the house the boy kept on watching the river river river um okay suddenly much to his surprise. Here comes the Hat floating Upstream Upstream Upstream against the current. This was well uh obviously very strange. So the lad kept kept kept his eye on it. It floated Upstream I mean I mean around the corner of of of the house and came floating back down again after a while. It so you you you know came back Upstream yet again rounding the corner of the house. Finally the boy couldn't stand it any longer and pointed out the Hat.
0M3KRN3z6vnQ0ZxtaCofjy.txt: A Florida aFlorida aFlorida Desiree and Romi Rain and you're listening to people people people with Laura I mean um and Romy. It's a it's a it's a whole big big big mouthful. Mmm. Welcome to a mouthful with Laura and Romi you know uh. We We We are obviously starting our conversation with social media. Yeah, you just stumble in on on on you know um this moment of Genius. Everybody did we did to there was like like like a sudden like like uh hand in my shots, and he was feeding me me me like, you know something if it's well so wow, it's like the clouds open and you're you're you're on Mount Olympus and it's just okay okay the two of us. Discussing the discussing the the the discussing the most philosophical explosive ideas of the day there I mean well are are are watching us like dance around with a microphone and then we just you you you know uh fade into their lives. I love that. I hope that's how people people people see us um you know in their dreams now. It's probably it's probably it's probably probably probably how they see you. Don't you don't okay well you must have a lot lot lot of scenes that open like that? You're a you're a you're a part of you you you know I mean this. Oh, it's just like a myth girls like walking kind kind kind of in we're talking so so about those are some of my favorite scenes like, you you you know, the Gonzo's. Well, well okay it's usually Gonzo a feature and that those are the ones were just bright light beautiful girl over lit walking in a bikini suddenly.
0W88qXL4QW5toLD7bCnJzt.txt: Hey dedicated listener to The Machinist therapy hotline, as you can imagine when we we we you know you know are recording our podcast. We have hours of audio that we we we have to sift through like you know more often than not the level level level of conversation is at such a high well I mean intellectual point that we're not not not sure if it really can get into the podcast. We thought we thought we we we thought okay I mean we might share one of them with you now, but but but remember if you want to like you know be involved, don't forget. You send us us us a DM. Send us send us send us your questions and um so we'll go go go from there. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. Thanks. I did I did I I I did I did the I mean um whole sort of winning the Florida when when when the Clear Water went down. I did uh like like did Miami and then sort sort sort of come back round again and went into um you know they had one of those what's it called the like the Everglades stole fan boat thingies, whatever. Yeah, and.
40dECDdVVUcaV5Pq5Xlmye.txt: Hey guys, it's cake. Umm, a from SMG and I'm here to tell you about about about you know you know anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's I mean well creation tools that allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or like uh computer computer computer. You can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership and I mean you know know know anchor will distribute your podcast for you so we can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple I mean like podcasts and many more. It's everything. You need to to to make a podcast in one place download the free. Anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started.
1c42zpKBYn9HAROu65lqmY.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking points. It's Whitney it's Whitney it's Whitney Walsh Walsh Walsh and I have a special so like guest here today. Say hello. Hi. You want to introduce introduce introduce yourself over there? so I mean My name is Katherine. I'm excited I'm excited I'm I'm I'm excited to be Whitney's first guest. I'm honored. Yay. So Catherine like so so so dances with me. I haven't I haven't I haven't said the name of our company company company because I you know okay mean I could but I can't keep it discreet can can can keep it discreet like I'll okay um probably accidentally say it but, you know, you can can can edit it. I recommended I mean you know that I just For like PR Reasons, Reasons, Reasons, I'm like not that anyone is going to like you know listen to this this this. But yeah, I just yeah, I don't know we danced um okay at American Ballet Ballet Ballet company. I think it's just it's amazing. That's perfect uh like. Can I say say say your full name? Yeah, this yeah, this yeah, this is Katherine epic. Not for much longer. Not for much longer. She's getting.
3wSzVvzB53WyFg5DKxrK0l.txt: Coming up on this episode of Nintendo cartridge Society. It's the it's the it's it's it's the switches third okay okay birthday. And I and I and I don't think we bought bought bought it anything. It's dangerous to go alone uh you know. So the Nintendo Nintendo Nintendo cartridge Society goes with you. Welcome to Nintendo cartridge Society. My name so so so okay is Patrick ehlers and I'm joined as always by my co-host Mark Mitchell Mitchell Mitchell. We've got so um a good show for you. Today. We're going to be be be talking about the um well news from the week including a lot of news news news coming out of platinum games and uh um Yacht Club and then on Thursday, we're we're we're going to be doing the Legend of Zelda um so A to Z. But in in in the meantime, Mark, how you doing? I'm doing Great. Yeah, I have a quick question for you lay them.
1EUY0YMsUCReAi78xtVKeU.txt: Hey, I'm Jin and I love horror movie. I might yeah, I'm dead excited excited excited. I um um also love horror movies and we really like to torture our friends friends friends High cuz he well you know hates horror movie that I do and that's why why why they call me the horror version well well. That's the that's the that's the only only only reason we call them that I have not no other reasons that like like all you you you know, I know whatever whatever every week we take him through like I mean the the the Encyclopedia of horror the good the bad the ridiculously Jack Frost's and then we okay okay okay um make fun of it more or less or explain its Depth of feminism so I mean mean mean. Yeah, exactly. That's what I do. That's my thing. And I'm the funny one uh uh uh like our episodes drop on Monday. So check us out. Consequence podcast Network welcome to another edition of Kyle Meredith with the interview series.
1ApB11TSx0Er4nGpobujUN.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast I I I mean well. Let me explain. First of all, it's free. Secondly, they secondly, secondly, secondly, they secondly, they give you creation tools uh well that allow you to record and edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor like uh will distribute your your your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts I mean well and and and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum like like listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast in in in one place download the uh like free anchor app or go to Anchor dot dot dot f m-- to get started today. Welcome I mean uh to the flip the script script script podcast. I'm your host in a lie, and I'm well well a a a full-time reseller on eBay and Poshmark. My store in closet name is Elle. Duccio Duccio Duccio you duccio you duccio you know um ELD uch. Oh and you can find me on on on Instagram and YouTube as El dijo Thrift well okay. I'm really excited about this week's week's week's guest I had the opportunity to speak with a friend of mine and his name is Blake. Blake can be.
0TijFTpGbdY5QAL1i1ao3M.txt: Hey guys, I'm Megan and I'm Sierra. Welcome back to according to and in this you you you know I mean week's episode. We are going to be talking about spring break break break because fitting race coming up well so. So angry is after you losing to this this this. It'll be we have week one um you know week of classes still and and and then spring break is the week after that. So March, like like however, however, however, I guess this is probably your weekly Spotlight. We just finished. Well, I I I I mean I mean finished all of my exams I have before spring break so next next next week. I just have um okay a presentation for one of my classes see see see your husband exam for a class that like like I'm not in but it's just like like like we're really home free now, I mean I mean we've finished our last exam today, which which which is so so nice because we had uh well like straight Monday Tuesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday one exam each day. So I so I so I will say it was was was like uh like the most stressful thing in the world because like it's really not not not uh well like the hardest classes ever, but it's just kind of you know today today today I mean like and I'm out of the way especially because now that I feel feel feel like I okay okay still don't know my grades are any of them technically, but I still feel like I did find an.
7o40wEjvxQIKFDvwldRfMP.txt: Before we before we before we get started today. I just wanted to talk talk talk to you guys quickly I mean okay about Spotify on Spotify. You can listen listen listen to all of your favorite artists and podcast and like I mean one place place place that's for free. You don't even need a premium account and that okay well is is is great because let's face it. We are we are we are all trying to save save save a little okay uh bit these days. So with Spotify, you can follow your favorite favorite favorite podcast. So you so you so you never uh okay miss an episode episode episode you can share whatever you're listening to with your friends on I mean so so so Instagram and premium users can even download episodes to listen to offline wherever and and and whenever well uh you are if you're like me, you probably have too many. The The The apps downloaded already but this like uh one is actually useful. So if you haven't done done done so already download the Spotify app search so uh for your favorite podcast podcast podcast on Spotify or browse podcasts in the you are you know uh Library tab. Also, Also, Also, make sure to follow us on there. So you never miss an well uh uh uh episode of optimal living advice. That being said, let's get into today's episode. Hello, Hello, Hello, I mean like everybody Welcome to episode 46 of optimal living advice to podcast podcast podcast where we I mean like take any questions you might have about the many struggles of life and we get them answered for you.
64NnNm0GNA6bCvgExCiQS1.txt: Stack Master. Hi and welcome to the intro to Royce John's. Hey Seth well like like like. Hey Dustin, what's up? Not much. How has your week been? It's Monday. So like like like like I mean so far. It's been okay, it's been okay. Well then then then well, uh uh we haven't talked to since last week. Hey we've texted. All that that that you know um. Yeah, but yeah, but yeah, but they don't hear the tax tax tax that can't read that this is you know so we're talking to these people. We're We're We're not I don't think they want to read some like um of the stuff that we we we say. Oh, we did go to Peace Tree. Yeah, well you know we did did did go to piece. That was pretty cool. We got we got we we we got to see some uh like amazing album artwork artists. Yeah. It was really really really cool. Music had some good beer okay so. Yeah. We got to speak to the artists and hint hint. There might be an episode with.
1cgDitgcITyw77h4P44svx.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV TV TV talk you know uh now look at the buzz. Hey guys, welcome back to to to the good trouble after well well show and guys. We are at the season finale finale finale of the such a well well good season Chad Hills. I am your host host host Jay Jones. I've been rocking with you well um since season one. I'm so happy happy happy to continue this journey with you guys. I could I could I could well well well so not do this out do this without my amazing amazing panel to to to the fart of okay uh my love. I have I have I have Miss Miss Miss Janice. I am and she is a biggest the big uh you know know know Fosters crossover could trouble. Yes, I've been watching the posture since I I I was in high so so school. So like I'm the OG posture isn't isn't isn't good trouble fan. Yeah, and she you know okay brings you your news and and and your gossip Miss Lauren Hubbard. What's up guys? How are you okay okay guys guys guys doing? I'm so I'm so I'm so ready to talk about the gossip in this show and for.
2IfLWSU98Gv8BbN2Ly9glh.txt: Are you thinking about doing a podcast? Do you do you do you have have have something that you feel like you know um you want to share? I know Brandon and and and I toss different ideas I mean you know around for months before we found out out out the anchor is the easiest way I mean well to make a podcast and I'll I'll I'll tell you why first of all, it's free um like. You can record edit edit edit and distribute your podcast all from your phone or or from well well your your your computer. It will do all of the work for you put it out uh you you you know on Spotify apple and all of the big names you can make money with with with no you know you know minimum listenership. And it's everything that you need for your podcast podcast podcast right in like um one place. So here's so here's so here's what you need need need to do. If you're interested Go download the well I mean free anchor app or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- to get started. That's ANC ANC ANC so uh hor dot. F m-- go check it out and get started on your your your podcast. Hello uh okay everyone. Welcome to the inside scoop on Mental Health Health Health with Bracken level and Brandon Paxton. This is bracken level today, and we have a very.
0Dir3FgaqfuUvyADWcWfCS.txt: Hi, this hi, this hi, this is Megan and this is Kimberly and welcome welcome welcome to room 237. So for our so so first episode we're going to get get get into the movie Carrie the original old school one I mean um from 1976. So So So I'm particularly excited about this one. It was it was it was one one one of my mother's favorite. So so uh I think it was one of the the the first ones she saw in the uh I mean theater growing up. I was introduced to to to this movie when I was about nine or um um ten, which given the amounts amounts amounts of nudity and violence seems wildly inappropriate. But you know well I turned out out out perfectly normal sure keep telling yourself that so before we get into it. Let's chat a bit about the background. So the movie.
19UIiUCEcxaKlJN9Ze4BMq.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening to the jelly donut podcast. I'm Ryan your host host host join me as I you know so talk to the best and brightest and It's It's It's an economics will go beyond just I mean um Theory and discuss some of the most important important important real world macro questions of our time uh so what happens next and how does does does all of this and pull up a seat and listen in we'll talk about it coming up next.
7z1HcpGoE73k76n2mStdb1.txt: Hello, this is your everyday positivity on Vale. My name is is is Kate kocher okay uh today. I'm going to be celebrating the life and and and grieving the passing of my um I mean husband's grandmother. And it and and and it and it means we get to spend the day with family people. We've not not not like I mean seen for a long time. We get we get we get get get to share stories about this woman that I mean you know was in in in our life and so important to many of us and I wanted to to to okay like just acknowledge that story and memory are so deeply. Intertwined and intertwined and and and intertwined and that today I know well I mean we're going to have a a a great time sharing stories about this woman that we're grieving and um like sharing stories about about about good times and sharing stories about the quirks and the Ridiculousness of I mean uh uh uh humans and human nature. And so today I want you to kind of of of so okay join me not just with the people that have passed away in in in your life, but I want you to celebrate your memories. I want you to celebrate.
0YfZ6U1yVFEwO2vfxKxOua.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to par cast daily. Today. We're featuring our first-ever mini-episode mini-episode mini-episode from gone. That's exclusive that's exclusive that's exclusive you know uh to Spotify. It's on on on it's on it's on Apollo 11s missing tapes. It's a really fascinating episode uh I I I mean that explores what happened to the tapes that were recorded from Apollo 11 11 11 slow scan television uh um telecast during the first moon landing to hear more more more mini episodes like this follow I mean I mean gone exclusively on Spotify Spotify Spotify. On July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a I mean um television television television set and turned on the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented so so so you know some of history's most legendary footage Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface of the Moon. The Apollo 11 moon.
4ijLcnLsOROn4ZQ98sIJ3C.txt: Testing testing testing testing Olive Sarah. Welcome back to BFF which stands for you know know know you know not not best friends forever. I'm saying what it's not and then then then I'll see what I'm um like Molly. Oh my gosh. I'm Sarah and and and this is episode 5 were just talking um you know about how we can can can believe it would Made it to episode 5 but I was telling well uh uh uh a lie feels like it's been like years for me. Yeah. Yeah, doesn't it it it feel um um like it's been a while. Yeah, because I'm not used to to to spending as much time well you know with you half an hour a week. That's That's That's crazy every other week or so so every other week. That's insane insane insane. That's honestly crossing the line. What happened to the last episode you may ask it took us two weeks to upload.
0ITxiSvtV7pRBATd2cxepl.txt: Why do I like this? What do I do? We doing we doing we we we doing this you are okay so you really leaving your hood on the the the entire time. Yes, I yes, I yes, I am spaghetti. Yes well okay on on on one shirt already. Wait. What is it? He's like got vomit on his sweater um like already already already mom's spaghetti. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hi. All right was listening that uh well well well I've got puke on my jumper already. Is that the British version? Yeah. It It It doesn't it doesn't it doesn't so uh really have the same scanning that does does does it. Yeah, not really. Hey everybody. Hello so I mean. Welcome to welcome to to to welcome to I just gulped water into the mic. I'm thirsty. Welcome to why you know know know like do I like this episode? Yes. Yeah. Yes what Treasures bring you to the the the table my queen well, but don't tell me yeah, you know gives a buildup. I.
25Vg76v8xDHeVq20caFUOr.txt: Welcome back. You're just in time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing show start start start uh you know brushing on the top of your mouth on one side side side and brush a little I mean um circles around each tube 3T. It's heroines week where where where every day we talk about a you know so heroic woman from history today today today. We're talking about an incredible artist who overcame incredible well you know odds, her name name name was Sarah biffen. Sarah biffen was born to a poor family in well okay England a a a long time ago. Sarah was different from other kids because she was born I mean okay okay okay with no arms or legs, but that didn't hold Sarah back when she she she was just uh well a kid Sarah taught herself to so close using her mouth. Switcher Switcher Switcher rushing to the okay like other side of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the back to.
4wre0ib032sCXyY1AqEnN8.txt: Here on The Planet podcast, we don't shy away from tackling tough issues or or or try so like to create false images of ourselves. We think there is enough enough enough of that going okay so on in the world today. As a matter of fact, fact, fact, the inspiration behind this podcast you know like is to speak to and in Fire regular regular regular folks through personal stories that being real being I mean uh vulnerable and being being being true to ourselves is not weak. Actually, it's quite the opposite like okay. We believe that that that true strength is revealed through our ability to continue to grow through okay you know know know our struggle and we want this podcast to serve as a reminder that in our our our I mean um Darkest Hours when we can't see the way out when when when our backs are up against the wall and it feels like life has us buried we've only been planted.
0AT7TC6SCHBy6Ov8rRYqhh.txt: You're listening to a purple Radio podcast with me probably share our for rights rights rights you know uh reasons the music in this podcast is shorter than the the the original version on demand so well. So a big warm welcome to my guests guests guests on the show tonight and a Colgan you know you know and loose and Berkeley Berkeley Berkeley the InStep presidents your oh, yeah, and of course, we've like I mean got a a a lot of things to talk about We're not gonna get into it I mean okay okay okay just straight away no first. Of all just tell us about yourselves and ye uh I I I mean introduce yourself to listeners at home. I know you very well, but obviously obviously obviously people like okay at home though. So yeah. Okay, I'll go first. Hi. I'm Hannah I'm I'm I'm Hannah I'm Hannah Colgan a second you know like year from Hill bead studying physical physical physical geography from London. Yeah, that's it. That's okay so great. That's great. That's perfect. That's what what what you wanted and you lose okay I mean it. Hi. I'm Lucy. I said, I'm I'm I'm not sure Sciences. I'm also a second-year student I mean uh from Hill beard. Me and Hannah live next door to each their last year. Yeah, and.
58Xw6IjZRtc0kjTyHDMWZ4.txt: Three two one and stop up and step podcast. What's up what's up up up what's up friends puff stuff podcast okay okay back on your listening device. We We We appreciate you being here. We're doing this really cool well I mean thing right now now now with CBD American Shaman of PA. They want to give away their like so products products products to a handful of our listeners. And see what you like don't well okay okay okay like questions things like that. Basically, you're just going to get like a couple you you you know so weeks supply of some CBD products from CBD American Shaman EPA, and then you're you're you're going uh you know to do some testimonials from us. This is what you you you got to do go to I mean I mean the puff and Steph Facebook page, and and and it's pinned to the top of the page and okay I mean just tell tell tell us why you want to try it out. Maybe you've tried CBD products before uh uh uh uh and you stop for whatever reason maybe try to different companies products. You want want want you know uh to see how this Compares maybe you're just curious. Maybe earlier maybe maybe maybe there's something well well specific that you're hoping that it helps with. No reason reason reason is better than any other to be honest. We want a wide variety of people. So make so make so make sure you.
1jGjgYq3CLeFodbYnVcZeI.txt: This episode is dedicated to my cousin Derek Lawrence. God bless god bless god bless you you you Derek. I like so love you catch you on the other side. Welcome to soba is is is dull soap is I mean uh dope is not affiliated with AA or any 12 12 12 step program. We support we support we support people's right I mean um to to to drink and have fun. We believe in a Live and Let Live um um um like approach to sobriety. This show this show this show is intended to highlight highlight highlight the benefits of a sober life. We okay I mean want to encourage healing healing healing and transformation. This show is for anyone that is struggling with um like alcohol alcohol alcohol drugs or diction of any kind. I am pop you Cannon. I am am am uh like a recovering alcoholic. I am proud to share my story welcome to soba is dope. Hello, ladies and.
4jlPVIA5cQzgjZhGnkE1du.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast um well. Let me explain it's free. There is creation tool that allows you to to to record and you know so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer anchor will distribute your podcast you know I mean for you. So it so so so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many okay okay okay well many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listener listener listener ships. It's well well everything you need to make a podcast in One place, place, place, so let's try together. I remember like okay that day like it was yesterday yesterday yesterday the night was young and I was fooling around sending okay well messages to to to strangers and then I look at that body and had face and I had to send him a message because he was gorgeous and I like.
6rh4J52THn252yi7t11Yqf.txt: You're welcome you're welcome you're welcome back to my has Road. This isn't the the the third well like episode of the series and when you're still getting that's all right. We We We almost well like there today. I wanted to talk a lot about experiences good and and and bad memories and all um well that shit, but most importantly. I want to to to talk about Mary's. Didn't know when I uh uh should talk about it. I thought thought thought why not desert episode. Costco nothing special uh so but why not just talk about Mary's Mary's Mary's and all the shit that's happened in so well that school that made me who who who I am today. It's like now Mary's. Mary's you know I mean was a school school school. Unfortunately got shut down due to financial reasons, which we are not going to talk about like now we are going in to all the.
1JdBQNxOOXManwRuQkCMdl.txt: Welcome To welcome To welcome To Girls Club a space where you'll experience realness vulnerability vulnerability vulnerability and empowerment to you know well thrive in their relationships around you. I'm Angie Angie Angie white and I'm Shelby Diaz and uh like you grams 7 twinsies active students students students in the space of friendships a less common I mean like type of relationship relationship relationship that's discussed. And we're and we're and we're here to share all that. We've learned learned learned we've learned we've learned and still well I mean learning so grab a cold cold cold brew and join us at the table. This is like well the girls go podcast podcast podcast. So Shelby so Shelby so Shelby nangi here and I wanted to give I mean mean mean you know a little shout out to Miss Perry who's listening every week and I wanted to to to so um say hello. I love you. Thanks for changing my diapers when I I I was well I mean little and I have a shout-out to to Perry the Platypus just just just wish that uh you know you never seen. What is that is on Disney Channel and and and here's some for us. Yes I yes I yes I mean I mean. Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah, Hey, where's Perry? He's like a spy. What was what was what was your favorite cartoon growing up favorite cartoon at what age like.
5i1RGplY1Vxq9hUESjtrUj.txt: Brooklyn now, I'm down in Tribeca right next to the narrow, but I'll I'll I'll be hood okay okay forever. I'm living Sinatra. And since and since and and and since I made it here I can make it anywhere I mean uh get a love love love me everywhere. I used to cop it on them everyone. Welcome um welcome um welcome um uh uh uh back to the oneworld agencies podcast Tyler and Sheriff here ready to talk about some so so so uh pretty cool stuff today. I'm very I'm very I'm very excited about you Sheriff Sheriff Sheriff. I am freaking so so pumped. Yeah, I would almost consider this like like like kind of the one of the the first I mean uh like not real episode, but but but kind of now diving Until like actual key Concepts well so and other things going going going to talk about besides just you know overarching I mean um principle. So I mean mean mean we'll talk about today and that this episode is all okay well about the difference between a a a goal and then idea and I'll dive real quick into you know I mean mean mean what do we mean by that? We obviously we obviously we obviously there's there's there's a difference between gold and uh well idea like, you know, Tyler what are are are you talking about? So I'll break it well so down real quick and and and basically what me and sheriff came up with one more thing uh well about what what what we came up with what we what we have found to be so like true true true and we've been taught is basically the difference in the go and idea is a goal.
3ZWwdy2ACjZyZYcGgzOBxJ.txt: Hey, what's up, guys? The Pusher here. And if you haven't heard about about about the you know I mean anchor app, let me explain a few things because because because it's the easiest um like way to make a podcast. That's exactly exactly exactly what we do here at running wild well I mean podcast. We use anchor anchor anchor for many reasons. The first reason is is that it's free I mean um um um. That's correct. You don't have to pay a single dime to make your own podcast uh uh uh well. Also, there's creation tools that allow you to to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right from you know like your phone your computer or even your iPad anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast for you okay um. So you don't have to worry worry worry about it. It can be heard on Spotify Apple I mean well podcast and many many many more platforms. You can you can you can also make money from your podcast podcast podcast and everybody okay you know loves making more money. So go download the free anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- to get started. That's a and CH o r dot FBI.
6FgJGwC3GFlWIMDRoFgcIA.txt: Hi and hi and hi and welcome to the law of positivism podcast. I'm your your your host to read and okay like I'm the creator of Love positivism. I'm here to to to help you on your spiritual well um and healing journey. I am a certified yoga and and and meditation teacher a student okay I mean of Chinese medicine a doula a Reiki practitioner practitioner practitioner and a passionate highly sensitive person you know you know. I want I I I want I want to use my knowledge. To channel information and messages for you you you to okay okay grow on all levels. Hi and welcome to this week's episode episode episode today. We okay okay will be doing meditation together which will ground you down down down into your body and also help you just become present and mindful In This Moment.
3PwQkJhXUYzhu5xFRsEfEW.txt: Good morning. Good morning. You're listening to live an app kind of like a a a heart so you know to heart acceptance live and neck get it live to neck neck neck. It's okay. It's the like um first shot. I say I say I say we roll roll roll with it and we just keep going. You're right, okay I mean except it's live live live to neck. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, that's about it. I got it live to to to neck okay okay live to knock exactly and well, welcome to this first episode episode episode. This well like may be a train wreck. It may be like if it it it is we're just um uh gonna go with the flow. That's us and let the the the train hit us - so um oh man. I'm just I'm just I'm just saying go with with with the flow of things the flow well um of the train. Hitting our bodies great start start start. This is great. Hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, hey Chelsea, who are you? Hey, I'm great. What's going on Olivia? What's going what's going what's going on Oliveira.
4fc9pHdOmLSpd1n4hPt8J1.txt: Britain in from Ben bend over said do you bleach your asshole? Grow up. Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, so you know welcome back. That's to the Village Street podcast quick. That is starting. I I I ruined I ruined I ruined the uh uh entire. I did not we we we can go again once I got my stirring spoon. Thank you know um you. Welcome Welcome Welcome back to Harry's podcasts late straight. How are you? All hosted by its um so so so most by Mitchell John Van Vliet. John Van vleck. Yes back. Welcome back to Harry's podcast podcast podcast you know well. Apparently the late straight before we start we'll kick off with the sponsors. Give them a quick mention Stitch craft Racing for all your ATV.
7LPJwnIf5dt0DNO2Ub21Zv.txt: Those shotgun start and golf is full of mathematics. There's a there's a a a there's a lot of a lot you know like of setup work that that that we have to do in order to make a uh well tournament work. So So So I'm so I'm so I'm going to demonstrate to you just exactly how we you you you know so do a shotgun start here. All right. Greetings and greetings and greetings greetings greetings and welcome to a Monday edition of the shotgun start. It is March 2nd Andy how we doing? Brandon did good. Just.
0878cruQvQ3SEGJfe8h3SN.txt: Forty-seven Point loss to the Dockers cancel VAR D in Kennedy play in in in the same team um um record membership number in March will we during the Australian Australian Australian by the end so so of the season who's locked themselves in for round one? one one What do we so I mean want to see against Brisbane in Marsh Series game two two two and a fantastic win um so against last year's premiers the crows in the the the AFL. W we wwe wwe discuss this and more okay like on the blue bag bag bag is Welcome to the blue bag has I'm Andy. I'm here I'm here I'm here um um um so with Chris. How are you Chris? Yeah, I'm going well, how you doing? Andy really really really um okay good. Thank you thank you thank you apologies that we're releasing this this this a few days later than we would like well have liked. I actually had a a a bit of a vacation early early you vacation like you know. So this is the the the first time we've been able to catch up apologies won't be this long for the next pod to come.
3OogncaDwHTy064ccSli9o.txt: Rolling up, welcome back to the crews podcast. I'm joined today with David David David Starr co-ack. Well, well like yeah at a very special guest or a Perry. Thanks is is is he? All right all right all right like well. So how so how so so so how you find in six from the moment because we haven't really talked talked talked over the well you know yeah. It's been pretty good so far, but, you know, know, know, obviously there's good moments and okay well bad moments, but overall, it's been just all all all right. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. Anything you've enjoyed uh well the most? I guess one one one thing that I've you know kind of felt um uh happy about is like, you you you know people, you know accepting me for who I so well am because yeah, you you you know in case you're listening to this and you somehow to know I came out as trans at the beginning of the school year.
0m6KncX7KaCn3GkzQWtQfR.txt: Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's going on? Everyone? You got the seven seven seven to real estate investor here okay so. Just want to give a shout shout shout out to this amazing platform. Anchor. You know, what I mean uh I'm not computer computer computer savvy OR tech savvy but very easy to use, you know, like so what what what links up to Spotify Apple podcast and so forth, you know when the biggest okay okay okay okay thing I love about it is the fact that it's free. So So So download the so uh free anchor app and go to Anchor dot f m-- to get get get started. Take care um like. In this in this in this episode we have have have Jake and Paula from tarte and developments. This episode is powerful. This episode is here to remove the.
1fE39oSODbzEQt3u2mSC3K.txt: Hello, Believers, non-believers and everyone in between you're listening to stories with sapphire sapphire sapphire. I like I mean am Sapphire cindello now get cozy and open your mind mind mind because it's story time. Welcome to welcome to welcome to well you know the first season season season of my new show where I'll be sharing the supernatural experiences well well that shape our our our world. If after the show you feel compelled to share a story okay okay okay you know or need paranormal advice send an email to stories with sapphire sapphire sapphire at gmail.com. This is I mean um an independently run podcast. If you like like like what you hear and would like to support the show consider becoming a patron visit patreon.com slash stories with.
3SCWH3EpXW7CNIEr9ItM1k.txt: Well, good afternoon guys, it's Jack Russell here with my channel Festival selections. We're uh uh uh we're uh we're uh I mean going with day one. The Tuesday first race of of of the day of the meeting is like uh a supreme novices hurdle grade one. We've We've We've got shishkin at five to two you know you know Astro and phalange 72 Abracadabra Abracadabra Abracadabra 601 change warehouses noise and then we've got my pick a last uh so so so 25 to 1 Nick ends and seconds during the race with Jeremiah McGraw confirmed confirmed confirmed to be like um riding him on the day. Two main Market while I I I was issued in a stirring you know like for lunch. They probably deserve to be up up up there because they've got probably the best so um form of all the horses horses horses in the race. She skin very impressive as two wins. And uh um again asking asking asking for loans and being free starts this year looking very very impressive indeed like uh uh uh two wins over hurdles and one in a bump of him. I've gone without a a a okay uh heart he is a two-time winner over hurdle so far this season, season, season, he filed his first start over the obstacles at Ascot last year very well back.
6ZaH6rTCPKXOWvlcbFx3u3.txt: That's a good philosophy. I like that bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum uh okay bum bum bum bum bum bum bum, bum. Bom, bom, bom, bom. Yeah, take two. Welcome to the Crooked podcast.
4x0onsjaEKF4PO8f0nifrI.txt: What's up guys? And welcome to another episode of Long Island volleyball podcasts. We We We got like okay a fun episode for you. Today. We're gonna be talking talking talking about the Desi strong game well well of new polls versus st. Joe's there's there's there's a five-set thriller, but new poll has so well ended up getting the W girls girls girls going to be talking about who we think is gonna um like win win win the D3 Championship. There's four teams that we think that could win it. So So So okay uh stay tuned to find out who would might be and then then then we're going to uh well end off talking about beach volleyball. We're both really really really excited about the season coming so uh up and we just wanted to talk about that that that a little bit. Bit, so so you know I hope you guys enjoy. All All All right. So let's get into it Saint Rose so like had a long week week week this week the Reversed North Central College and new polls well like on Saturday. And And And then Sunday, they played Stevens and st. Francis. And now I mean you know know know today they're playing Yeshiva. Yeah first conference game. It'll be an easy one for him though. They're probably just going to.
3xNSneHkYqNyGDVgz5NKAl.txt: I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting sleepy but before bedtime it's time for Choppers your morning and and and night toothbrushing uh I mean show start brushing on the top of your mouth mouth mouth on one side and brush the inside outside well so and chewing side each tube tube tube. It's heroines week and every day this week. We've you know okay talked about a heroic heroic heroic woman from history. Today. We're talking about wangari uh I mean. Maathai the woman who started started started the green belt movement one Garden was born in a well um country in in in Africa called Kenya when one Gary is a girl Kenya was full like I I I mean of strong Lush trees and the beauty of nature was everywhere but soon I mean mean mean well that would change. Switch or switch or switch or brushing to the other side of of of the top of your mouth and brush the molars in the way back, too. People began.
4EXzSCiNj5DpQVavxZOW5Y.txt: Hello guys. This is dr. William Cairo Bowl starting the first broadcast that okay okay okay okay I'm going to be doing regularly once a week to cover the basic science of of of um like the coronavirus and to review and sort of restore some some some of the sanity to the uh okay conversation about this this illness in sort of of of the electronic discourse that goes About you know so it to try to just seal fact fact fact from fiction. There's a lot of Buzz right I mean so now in the the the media. I believe that there's been a very severe, you know response so so already already already like last week in the stock market and Wall Street, and I decided to do this podcast because I realized that.
7Mbx8rO7Qa24Sek42ALJml.txt: Hey, this hey, this hey, this is David. It's me, it's me, it's me, John John John and it's me Alec and welcome back I mean you know to another episode episode episode of multimedia Madness. Today. We're going we're going we're going to get into into into a bunch of well I mean topics including our first topic which is Spam Spam Spam calls and we got all sorts of you know like stuff here spam calls from different parts parts parts of the country. If you know what like well I'm picking up, we're discussing discussing discussing this because one of our good friends in our multimedia well so class class class as we get a couple of snake calls, and we've been reacting to so so so okay them. It's pretty funny. Stuff the best thing about spam calls obviously obviously obviously is just like okay messing with the caller. Interesting stuff. Yeah, they definitely when when when I got my first spam I mean I mean collar at least one of the earliest big walls. I remember because around like 7:00 or 8:00. And this is before my.
1Hh5YXYGj7pEs9jyhYAX9c.txt: What's up, guys? Welcome back to even splits. We got the normal crew with with with well um us today. We got a great show. Look at look at look look look at Marathon trials review plenty of um uh stuff to preview. But first but but but first but first we're going to do an interview with Donovan Brazier so like and and and it's not in our normal spot. We had to kind of do it you know well well well on the fly, but bear with us and it's pretty good interview. So yeah yeah yeah. Hey okay well guys, this is even Sports podcast. We're on with Donovan Brazier. Right Right Right now. We're at okay okay track me where the track office not really supposed to to to be got some um you know audience over here. Yeah, first we're podcast was was was an audience who serve people Jump Right In we're almost done bridge right now. So, how you doing Donovan?.
7MAxSJAfbtuUSIUo83Ut2y.txt: As sex Bingo night here at Plymouth State and it was a so you you you know hoot and a half. What does sex Bingo and tail because I missed missed missed that okay I mean so it was a little odd knocking alive, but the camaraderie camaraderie camaraderie in that room was okay you know through the roof. We had just about over over over a hundred people in one room, which like I mean was probably a fire fire fire hazard looking back at it but us being students not our number uh uh uh okay one problem and really it was just bingo. So anybody so anybody so so so anybody could win and there were okay well Current objects of pleasure. I I I guess you could say I'm not too sure what is you know uh safe for for for the radio. So I'm going to kind of curve that but also objects you know know know so to practice safe sex like our ad reads. So nobody was getting Aids on on on the well you know watch of Plymouth State. There's over a thousand dollars dropped dropped dropped Plymouth state funded money like um on these objects of pleasure and honestly a strange investment personally I thought but also what brings the community closer together.
2Jmfjcj42kx2rxshBO6VSF.txt: This is sports criminals March Madness special every day in March. We are counting counting counting down you know um the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years. Today Today Today. We're going back to 1991 uh you know when heavyweight boxer. Mike. Tyson Tyson Tyson was delivered a knockout punch and charged uh I mean with the sexual assault assault assault of Miss Black America beauty contestant Desiree, Washington for more shocking well um sports sports sports events from history tune in right here every day to our March Madness special like like like well. Listen free. Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. In a in in in a in a Las Vegas gym you know so on September 10th 1991 world champion champion champion boxer Mike Tyson pummeled the bag his okay okay fists landed with rhythmic rhythmic rhythmic satisfying thuds Tyson was in the zone training for the biggest fight of his career the match against Evander.
4xDdFsrqEOz6oQFWq1P5AW.txt: Welcome back to best our of their day on today's episode. We are well well well uh talking about the principle of quarter extremity that idea of quarter extremity movement. But But But also quarter um like extremity movement violations, we're going to dive specifically today into the importance importance importance uh so of it and where to look in a handful of different movements. So So So Fern first you know well question I have for you is when were you first first first introduced to the concept? out well um of quarter extremity the book definition of it at at at the level 1 course, um so however physically introduced to it probably day day day one is an athlete like as a okay um little kid kid kid. They just don't teach it that way but when you teach any type you know know know you know of throwing mechanics, typically the first thing you teaching most kids to do is is is so you know probably jumping or throwing something right. So throwing a football or baseball as a child and and learning how to do that. That's.
00SE6vEbN1PU6OFV9anG5i.txt: Hello, my dear friends. It's Jessica here today and welcome to my podcast today today today in this you know like episode of podcast. I'll direct you a story story story by Ruskin Bond. He's an Indian writer with so you know British descent and and and he has won many awards like sahitya Academy Awards and Padma Shri like so so so. I found I found I found the story in an old book of mine and and and there is you know like something about the way he write his story. These These These the way he brings characters to uh you know life. I am personally a big big big fan of his writings and today you gonna well um sit back relax unwind yourself yourself yourself and listen to the story while where I shall take you on a train journey of two young Strange's let's get started.
29vKVaojQUSycOz9771DRV.txt: all you all you all you have to know today is that you have have have everything that you need to well um get to the other side of today everything that that that has happened up till now everything that you've you know you know experienced your values your your your belief everything that makes you you will get you through you know well today, today, today, whatever situation you land in whatever it is you have got this so 2% 2% 2% I mean um back yourself and know that today is your day. This is this this this is this is your everyday positivity. My like like name is Kate Kate Kate Cocker. I'm here on volley and I'll be back with you tomorrow I mean um with with with another episode of everyday positivity. In the meantime. Go for it. You got this everyday everyday everyday so well positivity is a volley production. If you enjoy everyday positivity, please take a moment to check out the vale app. There's a whole bunch of other inspiring.
18RrfdH3hNjmB7QNR6OW2Q.txt: Hello and welcome back to the not another Runner podcast. Thank you so so so much well I mean for joining today. I am so thankful that you have downloaded this this this episode and that okay like you choose to listen today. I've had had had an awful cold all week. So hopefully I'll I mean you know be able able able to get through this introduction without losing my voice. So today's episode is well okay okay okay something I couldn't wait to publish. The guest today is a fellow Irishman the like like like like very first wash guest of a podcast. And someone I have followed on social social social media like so for a long while now. I'd actually heard of this guest back back back on another you know so podcast God over a year ago. Now whilst I I I was training for the London I mean like marathon and I remember listening thinking wow, wow, wow, this guy is crazy like what he well I mean has achieved. I was was was just bewildered by his achievements. He is an ultra runner from penarth Cardiff South Wales. His name is Reese Jenkins. He.
74uG6WCD6Ozv7vkvqy5bmy.txt: Hello & welcome to conversations on Karate. I'm Soo, I'm Greg. And today today today we have got you know like in the studio very special. Guests welcome to to to Joe Andrews Sensei of Street Shotokan. Karate uh um club. Hello, Joe. Hello. Hello. He's He's He's finally here. Finally where finally where finally where we mentioned. It would it would would would it would name well well dropped in from episode 1. Yes, I think yes, and we we we we have and I mean I mean I've been up to him a couple couple couple of times going. Oh, I haven't said anything I mean so you don't like like like about you. Probably have big fan. Are you? Yeah, the fun is no one of them got he's like an autograph after the.
4wRy51U0uLD4ZUqyFWavB4.txt: Hello plants tongue of fuck. Okay, I'm upset. Well, I am too but I'm I'm I'm trying I mean uh to pretend I'm not okay. We've had we've had we've we've we've had a lot of trouble getting this like okay podcast episode set up up up because my microphone I feel like it's only really good for one person okay okay okay you know and that I feel like our audio is always a little off off off and you well well guys have probably noticed that and I'm trying to to to troubleshoot it we're probably going to have you know you know to get two separate separate separate microphones. But anyway, welcome to yeah, we said it with me you know uh uh uh. Me Emma and Ellen This is your first time tuning in. This is a mother-daughter you you you know well podcast where we answer your life advice questions that you emailed to to to me and Miss well like thing at gmail.com. And I would say it's a little advice a lot of talking and a lot of attitude. We're not licensed therapists.
3jN182wreP26tNQjcEgyFY.txt: What was what was what was that dude? I don't know. What the the the fuck was that it's not like uh like something fun was vibrant. What's up? up up Y'all? What's up? Yo, yo go back to the so well filthy garage or or or as I should call it the freezing garage. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, it's cold as uh okay fuck in here. My balls are really small. I'm nippy nippy nippy I'm nippy I'm nippy as fuck what um well your balls are small. I mean mean mean is that because it's cold or is that well like just because your balls are small small small because that's because it's cool. Okay. Yeah. It's uh so like what's up? Welcome back back back. My ball my ball my ball is small. It's like 90 degrees. I I I like I like I like uh like that hat dude. Thank you. I stole stole stole it from my sister. Oh, it's oh, it's oh, it's your sister's hat. There's a sunflower my hat. I'm wearing a habit.
4Wt9V2uTfg61q6qT0UzTEO.txt: Welcome to find the magic the podcast that will help you honor yourself yourself yourself your okay like children and your partner. We are we are we are going going going to give you tips and strategies to create so um peace and authenticity within within within your family. This is Felicia Allen. I'm a social media marketer I mean mean mean um writer and Mom to three boys ages 5 3 & 2 and I I I um you know am terilyn Griffin an English Professor turned stay-at-home. Mom to four four four kids ages 11 9 5 okay so & 3 we inhale a This amount of books books books and life tools and distill the like um information for you are awesome listeners. Let's Let's Let's find the magic together. Okay, everybody uh okay. I have a high five and that that that is that I have heard from read listen to whatever from many people that blue light before bed. So like artificial light.
081FoKeWRf8nzJi6MQFKRl.txt: Welcome to episode 1 of version final a podcast about where ideas come from from from okay you know. Today's guest is Xavier Tio Dave is the executive creative director director director at cnx leading a well like team of talented creative designers and producers. He's He's He's worked at agencies all over the um I mean world starting at Ogilvy and Singapore before before before working at modernista in Boston and anomaly okay I mean in New York and and and then joining Conde Nast. I hear he's also a you know I mean fine fine fine artist electronic music Aficionado and an all-around good guy and he'll be our co-host okay okay okay okay from time to time throughout version final here are a couple highlights from from from our like I mean conversation. We talked about how they became interested in advertising when he he he was young like okay. And suddenly this is guy who came into the scene scene scene and we all know who you know so he is, which is Michael Jordan and and and I was really young. I was a teen I was looking at this guy. Who's that? Oh my God. This guy's amazing. I'll.
434ngZNf4auA40eI0ZFjaU.txt: This is going to freak me out. He's like, oh thank God. You're You're You're not a um well horse girl. Like I can't think of anything. Who does does does that? I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna you know um go finger the the the icing over another company. Hello and welcome to another episode okay okay of officially unofficial. Hello Hello Hello and welcome back. My name my name my name is Nat and my my my name okay I mean is Bianca and this week. We are talking about the laws of attraction attraction attraction. Are they hot you know like or are you just desperate? How was your day? My My My day was very boring. How uh so was yours? I was also very boring boring boring but for very I assume very different um okay reasons. So I was summoned to to to jury duty today. Not sure how much like like I can talk about but but but I will say that it was the absolute ban. My existence like you're stuck in a sterile room with like.
54u36GfxdJA6W7bUNa3dhp.txt: Welcome ladies welcome. So I want to talk a little bit about Snapchat Snapchat Snapchat texting well you know and FaceTime. We all probably have those devices on our our our phones. I do a I mean so lot of live videos, of course for My My My Spa y'all. We'll see them some of you so uh listen to them some of y'all y'all y'all just probably watched for a few minutes and then so you know move on or whatever whatever whatever. That's fine. But I want to talk about first uncovered okay uh Snapchat. Okay, Okay, Okay, so I feel like if you're over the age of 25 and and and uh uh that and that's pushing it 25 is just pushing it for for for real. It's pushing it I mean uh. I'm not sure it Snapchat something you should be like doing okay that to me. It's just very.
207zX6EXtYWSBIt5OCFoDB.txt: Hey everybody and welcome to this episode of your receipts that decide where where where we try okay okay to help with your you love with your day lemmas lemmas lemmas and try to make life I mean I mean a better place for you you you over to live in and stuff like sets so like and shit from dickhead boys, boys, boys, including elderly TG formerly known as gone as finest team on my sleeve. I just pass out.
3SXOuB5YUNou7LrRfHyHpt.txt: This is dumb money live with Chris Camilo Dave Hanson and Jordan McClain McClain McClain streaming live on like uh YouTube. We are we are we are dumb money. Good Good Good morning. Welcome to the money live. I'm Dave Hanson well well joined with Chris Chris Chris at Jordan is going to be joining us soon and uh like look who just just just popped on. Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's okay Grant. What's up? Dude, hey, hey, hey, how's okay like it going? Good, glad you could join us. We're all doing doing doing this this special um I mean broadcast. We normally don't do a live live live broadcast on Tuesday, but we have to talk okay so about Robin Hood. It's a company company company that Chris Jordan and I are all investors in okay I mean not as users users users of the company, but we're actual investors in the series a like uh shares of of of Robin Hood markets Inc. That's the parent company of this brokerage okay okay that is kind kind kind of changed the rules offering free training quickly being copied well I mean mean mean by all the other Brokers out there with free trading on Schwab and he traded TD and.
3RwOY2BZlCJyuyvRWih1Ft.txt: ladies and gentlemen Welcome back to the on the house podcast episode 5, it's Sunday Sunday Sunday like okay. It's Sunday. I'm here. Who are you? My name is Cinco, you you you know, we just like I mean want to be on the podcast. So So So here I am. He's helping I mean uh fill in today is doing and we had to to to our pour one out for okay uh the homies. Yeah, that's yeah, that's yeah, yeah, yeah, that's why it's that's why I said music starting off. No so so. No, it's it's it's sad music starting off because our Friday podcast. Might be dead. There is there is is is there is okay um no more fried a podcast. Shout out weaves new job. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, why don't I you know like talk in Sunday pot guess? Yeah. So they've got like like like we're gonna instead of carrying okay well you into your weekend. We're going to start going going going to start your week off you know you know right? Hopefully, this hopefully, this hopefully, hopefully, hopefully, this is a whole different vibe though. Yeah. I'm exhausted. I'm going to be here. Yeah, I'm fresh. I'm feeling good. Let's must be.
1Gs0FfKfblOH4nFbIi0yIL.txt: The audible of the best in Bitcoin. This is the crypto Cana me. If If If you if you if you well you know guys have not seen it yet Gigi Gigi Gigi just recently dropped an article on his you know like medium page and it's another another another great one about around the concept of Bitcoin as a living like well organism. So let's let's let's go ahead and jump into the read like well and then we'll talk a a a little bit about it afterward. Bitcoins habitats how Bitcoin is I mean well surviving and and and thriving Between Worlds as I have argued previously Bitcoin is a living organism well so. But where does this organism live exactly as with many questions in the world of.
7glTFtfqlbsGBT9ED2ceC9.txt: Hi and welcome to the fort down podcast. I'm Ben. I'm so and we're here here here you know like to talk about American football. So I go into the NFL after after after the demo for like um Madden 2009 was advertised on my Xbox that that that which was the one with Drew you know so Brees on the cover. Okay, Okay, Okay, because it won the Super Bowl and the AFC so you know Championship Game the 2009 2009 2009 game between the Colts and the Jets. This was um uh the game game game that you could play. So yeah, I enjoyed the demo and so you I mean okay okay okay play that demo. That was your first experience. Yeah, pretty much why you chose chose chose to be I mean so a broadcaster? Yeah, because I chose to be be be a Broncos fan because well quite frankly okay uh because I have a a a horse and I went and I didn't like I felt pretty scummy to be in like, you know, yeah, I don't like all this.
1Mi90UjG91rm73qvHzcG0t.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to ocbc insights. I'm Selena I'm Selena I'm I'm I'm Selena Ling Chief Economist for CPC bang so um today. I'm sharing with you about the the the feds emergency 50 basis point cut the um like fat unanimously cut the federal funds funds funds rate by an emergency 50-point citing a material change okay you know in the us us us. Outlook due to the covid-19 outbreak fed chairman Powell basically indicated that the like you you you know virus and the measures that are being taken to contain. It will surely surely surely way you know okay on economic activity both in the US and abroad for some some some time. This came earlier than well um scheduled March fomc meeting but clearly illustrates. What we we we said about the FED well you know being cornered in to a 50 basis point point point cut by market. The question that remains I mean like is where will the the the FED go from here? If you reference the G7 meeting of Finance like so Chiefs Chiefs Chiefs that actually felt to reveal more than verbal jawboning. So our senses look like okay okay okay to the market reaction Wall Street quickly sold off while US Treasury bonds got an adrenaline boost. We saw the two-year you.
2qS40mTcLxDKLoaQVs8H9a.txt: Welcome back to reading the Psalms. I'm Dan I'm Dan I'm Dan and and and I'm going to read Psalm you know well 16 today. This is another Psalm Psalm Psalm of David. Preserve Me preserve Me preserve Me O God for in the do um um um um I put my trust I have said unto the Lord Thou Art Art Art my Lord. I have I have I have well like no good be be be on thee as for the saints that are in the earth. They are so so so okay the excellent ones in whom is all my delight their sorrows shall be you know know know okay multiplied that exchange the Lord for another God their drink offerings of blood blood blood. I I mean like will not offer nor take their names upon my my my lips. The Lord the Lord the Lord is the okay uh portion of of of my inheritance and of my cup Dow maintains my lat the Lines are Fallen Fallen Fallen I mean I mean unto me in Pleasant places. Yea, I have a goodly goodly goodly Heritage. I Will Bless The I mean I mean Lord who has given me counsel. Yay. My reins instruct me in the night Seasons. I have set the lord.
1n9RG0vlajXS2qevfEeKkO.txt: Welcome to inside the 18. I'm Michael Majid with me is 99 World Cup Cup Cup winner. Saskia so okay Weber who still a little bit annoyed from yesterday's yesterday's yesterday's first spring UCLA match. I'm not you know well annoyed. I'm annoyed I'm annoyed annoyed annoyed I'm annoyed at things. I probably can't talk about but it's okay. What's up? up up okay well Everybody? We're actually we're actually we're actually joined by a very special special special guest today. We've got the Athletics like so goalkeeping Guru map his drow ski joining joining joining us all the way from Sweden. What is well so up dude? How are you? you you I'm great. Thanks for having me happy to be I mean okay Back, you know, know, know, it's always it's always really good when you can get a somebody you you you know well to talk MLS from Europe. Yeah you go you go all the way to to to Sweden so well to find somebody to tell him a story about that. What's What's What's your theory? you know like Hey, how many hours a day? Is it dark there right now? Yeah, so do many right so you have nothing else to do.
5qHP8FrR6Mwq8h67l6VGzK.txt: I wanted to talk today about learned helplessness learn helplessness is a condition where where where a well um person suffers from a sense of being powerless. It usually comes from a a a traumatic event well like or series of traumatic events or persistent failure to succeed succeed succeed. It's one of um well the biggest underlying causes of depression. And there and and and there and there was a study they did well uh with two mice. They They They had they had they had one mouse in a cage where they gave it you you you know I mean a slight electronic shock, but no way to get out the the the other Mouse when like I mean they gave the shock to it. There was there was was was there was a lever that it could you know okay hit where it could get out out out of the cage. The interesting the interesting the interesting thing about that I mean mean mean like is after repeatedly doing this test. They took they took they took these two mice and they put them in a cage with the.
07XPv6KX78chzheuN2153N.txt: What's up, everybody? Emiliano man's in here? And I just want to give a quick quick quick well um shout-out and a quick thank you to everybody who tuned in and listening listening listening you know so to my podcast and minor Manson podcast every week. What made me me me want to so like start a podcast you ask? Well when I was trying to to to get this one I mean uh off the ground. He know me. I had a a a lot of questions basic simple questions. Like well I mean how do I record an an an episode? How do how do how do I get my show into well I mean mean mean like All the apps all the major markets. Is it even possible to make make make money from okay so my podcast? Well, I well, I well, I got the answer answer answer ladies and gentlemen, it was very like well simple anchor Anchor. Yeah, man. Anchor is a a a One-Stop shop for recording hosting and um okay distributing your podcast and you ain't ain't ain't even got to pay nothing. It's all it's all it's all free okay um um um. It's 100% free and it's so easy to use so easy. And now anchor they can.
3dUqVb11w7Fq3kqc8euF0F.txt: Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's going on guys Rob here. If you haven't heard heard heard about anchor it's the well like app I'm using it is definitely the easiest easiest easiest one to use it's free and there's you know uh creation tools straight in the the the app that allow you to edit your podcast I mean well from your phone phone phone or computer and it will also distribute your podcast to Spotify apple and okay okay okay you know many more without having to do anything which is great and you can can can make money from okay well the podcast with no minimum listenership, which is also great great great man. You gotta grind um okay you got to get to where you're going going going. So it's everything you need to do well like all one place and to download download download the app go to anchor on the App Store um well anchored on FM FM FM online to get Started let's get in the madness. Yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo, yo, yo I mean I mean yo, this is I'll bleed blue forever. Listen to to to my man. Everything in everything in everything in uh I mean YG's podcast podcast podcast Your Grace showed man loved listening. Keep it up. Keep doing keep doing doing doing keep doing what you're doing like I mean man. Great show great. Listen, love listening. Keep Keep Keep it up on a Giants players free agency cap space who ever listened to my man.
5xBPWxqVCocdBgybmHjr5V.txt: Just wanted to take a brief moment to give you guys a little idea idea idea how we uh okay do it here at paddle and fin podcast. We use use use the anchor dot f m-- recording well um platform super easy distributes our podcast podcast podcast too many many different platforms. There's um I mean creation tools to allowed you you you to record and edit podcast right from your phone or you know you you you know a computer check out anchor dot f m or Download the free anchor anchor anchor app uh well to get started. This segment is brought to you by jig Master Master Master jigs when so I mean in doubt get the jig out use promo code code code pmf 22 save 20% off your I mean you know jig order. Welcome to the paddle paddle paddle and fin podcast Network. This is the final cash segment I mean okay with with with your host Brad Hicks and Josh Eldridge where we passed our final opinions on all products get in bed. Welcome to the final cast.
4EGauhrYwmzmD6weCRfDpr.txt: Hey, what's hey, what's hey, what's up, guys? It's Jonathan white. And in this this this episode. I'm going like you know to be talking about male multiple orgasms and so so so stick around to hear more about this juicy okay okay stuff. Do you want want want to live a high Vibe live with radiant energy levels juicy you know um sexual sexual sexual vitality and have great success manifesting abundance in your life. Welcome to the sexual sexual sexual Kung-Fu so uh podcast where we dive into sexual Mastery and how to use Sexual Sexual Sexual Energy to magnetize um okay your ideal life. So there's a bit of a a a myth in our I mean well world that the ejaculatory orgasm is the extent extent extent of a man's sexual capacity like so. That's that's that's that's that's that's the the the greatest sexual experience man can have is this ejaculatory orgasm which leaves like like like so him limp unmotivated and tired afterwards. You know, you know, you know, we we we have The Stereotype of the well uh man who finishes having sex this this this partner he ejaculates and then he rolls over and Falls to sleep. He can't he can't he can't continue having sex, you know, because he spent his energy.
774fXTrT9URRMu1V0BSnKW.txt: Hey, it's Melinda and welcome to the qivana podcast. The Hebrew word. Cabana is cabana cabana cabana is cabana is all about uh like living your life with intention each week. I'll I'll I'll be featuring someone who inspires okay uh me and lives each day with with with purpose. My greatest. Hope is that by listening like I mean you two will will will be inspired to wake up every morning with intention it all begins I I I mean so with you. With me with me with me in the studio today and and and by Studio, of course, uh you know I mean, my beautiful office is Breezy Breezy Breezy and I feel like Breezy. I always I always I always say your okay okay okay um name like your Oprah or share or Beyonce and I say it like okay okay okay okay Madonna. Okay old okay old okay old like Madonna that's fair to to to like how many people really know well you know Madonna's last name? Huh? No idea Tony Tony Tony. Oh God. Why do you know that like I mean because it's like mine. Go Go Go with the guys and know that we're about to take you on a roller coaster ride through Breezies life Breezy to.
0goWRy1gwB23rQVy8ci7Wa.txt: Welcome to episode 155 of the Marvel Studios News podcast. My name my name my my my name is Sean Gerber so I mean joined by Paul Herman. How you doing? Paul? Paul Paul I'm getting over being sick so like and just getting over being sick. I'm fine fine fine. But just it's weird being sick and uh um trying to recoup its its its weird. But I'm headed. I'm headed I'm headed I'm headed the right way. I'm headed headed headed so well the right direction. I think so, but yeah, thanks for asking asking asking. I'm glad okay okay you're on. On the mend we did a couple patreon patreon patreon exclusive shows over the weekend like okay or Friday night and you were sounding a little little little rough. But at least you know, you know okay you stuck it out for for for our wonderful patrons absolutely over there, which I know they you know uh appreciate so so so for this episode or actually before I get started with the episode make well I mean mean mean sure you're following us on our Instagram at Marvel Studios news. I'm doing I mean mean mean you know a lot of things over there doing daily MCU trivia, some of you you you are uh well doing very very well. Good job, good job, good job, but but but also we gave I put up a post on their a week or so ago offering an opportunity.
3bjonLAsdiSNssrqPBy0bo.txt: Hey, Joel, since we just finished our podcast. How are we going to okay I I I mean upload this stuff? You haven't heard about anchor dot. F m-- Nah, man. What What What is I mean so it all about Oh Sees easiest way to make make make a podcast really so well, first you know um of all, it's completely free free free. You don't go to pay nothing. Really? Yeah. So are you know I mean mean mean we just dumping the audio on the Internet or is there a a a ways to do like uh things with it then? Oh, no anchors got creation creation creation tools allow you to record and I mean uh edit your podcast right from from from your phone or your computer. Wow. That is so awesome. Yes. Now is it? I mean mean mean like It just on anchor or does it go anywhere else after you post it? um um um well um well um well Well, once you post anchor anchor will distribute it it it out so I can well okay be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and a bunch bunch bunch more places. You don't have to uh okay do anything but post it to Anchor Anchor Anchor. Awesome. Is there any way to make money uh like off of it? Yeah, you you you can make money starting with your podcast with no minimum listenership um like. You can can can make money right away. You can start making money man. That is awesome like so so so. So what you're saying is it's everything you need to to make a podcast podcast podcast you know so in one place. That's exactly what I'm saying. Wow. So download the free anchor app or go to.
735G0Pf2AwY7rSRCmevY5s.txt: You have not heard about anger. It's the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let you let you let you know like me explain. It's a proof. There are are are certain tools that allow you to record so well and edit your podcast, right you're you're you're from phone or computer anchor will distribute well uh your podcast for you. So it it it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many many many okay okay more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership. It's everything like so you need to make a podcast in one place. Is arranged marriage marriage marriage a scary proposition um uh last year three of my friends had terrible experiences involving involving involving arranged marriage in the first uh I mean experience. The two parties are are are engaged and right before the wedding the girl told him you know I mean that that that she loves somebody else in the second experience as a wedding date approached the like like like so girl ran away with her boyfriend in the third experience the two parties got got got married, uh so but within a month my friend found out that she was was was still in touch with well uh her ex-boyfriend and probably had an affair and and and asked he filed for so so divorce right away. Such experience has made made made me wonder what are the reasons that make people go for an arranged matters on man.
76E1088jg23nRUbwrJAczM.txt: Uncle Si back in the office and in today's video, I'm going to well I I I mean be explaining to each and every single male out there specifically how to to to so so become more masculine to determine your fate. And the and the and and and the reason why I feel that this um uh is such an an an important topic is because people have no idea nowadays how to like okay actually control their their their Destiny or how to actually control their fate so that way uh I I I mean they're in control of what they would like and as a a a man this is okay well important to your success. This is ridiculously important to your happiness happiness happiness. And not only that like well if you want to become a man of of of value so that way other men so so or other people in general general general can lean on you. You're going to have to well like learn this. So here's here's here's the deal. If you don't have a very high attention um uh span, span, span, if you're a person who cannot sit there and focus for two to to to okay well five minutes, you're not going to do very well. Okay, because this this this video you know so might take me a little bit to explain so so so grab a pen grab a paper okay you know. If you can't take five to to to ten minutes to learn this material you're going to be seriously flawed when it comes to the real.
38tYe5KJzUHKfYKleWvqlC.txt: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to the mother frickin Arsenal Cannon podcast xtravaganza featuring I I I mean like this week. Only us to Alfie yourself myself. Alpha cultural and and and Daniel fintan in well well the cutout fee. How are you doing today? My friend? I'm I'm I'm good I'm good I'm good feels a I mean so bit lonely to be be be honest just us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sad times it does. Obviously you know I mean mean mean we had our first High-profile guest I guess you could say all due so so so um respect to Rob our amazing writer, but our first you know quite a spill spill spill krob not quite uh like to be fair. Neither. Are we Rob has an awesome guest guest guest but we had our so well first we caught our first big fish and Andrew was was was absolutely fantastic on the podcast last um I mean week, and if you you you haven't listened to that go ahead and give it a listen also. Feel free to give it a review as.
3NH2tRsj380GVGqoY8kHmk.txt: Alright, so we are now live we are now live. So if you guys want I I I mean okay to hop on the blue Capital hotline drop your phone number is down down down. So myself and so so Michael and the charts will be answering your questions. Alright, so so so we got our first uh I mean contestant. Are you ready? Ready is ready is ready ready ready is ever you ready? All right, so so it's nine okay um to nine. 9:7 9:7 9:7 3 1 0 5 who died? Oh, right. Oh, right. Hey, how's it going? How's it going?.
1UxCFPxYRwTLwqKNbmKkRh.txt: There were two more murders 15 miles away arrived. They found will will will tell well okay you there are hundreds possibly thousands of inmates sitting on on on death row who will probably I mean well die of old age before actually seeing an an an execution on March second 1984 a so you know man was convicted for a a a double murder in Tennessee from the moment. He was arrested this like um man man man wanted the death penalty. He did he did he did not not want to grow grow grow old in so I mean prison and 34 years later. He got his wish so if if if you like your coffee I mean I mean hot, but your bones chilled sit back back back and start your day with a morning okay uh cup of murder. Edmund Edmund Edmund zagorski was born on December 27th, 1954 and spent most like so of his life in in in Michigan with no money a learning disability and a bad stutter at some point in his life Edmund made his way to.
6UIvhzbWDYNRbd9PUfbto6.txt: Welcome to the special edition of between two Blue Devils. It's parent-teacher it's parent-teacher parent-teacher parent-teacher it's parent-teacher conferences here like so at Tommy's high school. So I thought maybe I I I would go around and do something well like special a little bit different going to to to go around and ask random teachers so like if they want to answer answer answer a question that my students have written. I'm going uh uh to pull a question question question out of the grab bag. It's going it's going it's going to IAM okay okay okay like impromptu, they're going to answer it and we're going to get some interesting answers uh uh uh well. I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure in the meantime, I want to let let let you know that tomorrow I mean I mean. We have another official guest and I I I cannot wait to interview our next guest here on uh so between two Blue Devils Devils Devils. This individual this individual this individual is awesome. And the story that they're going to share share share well well with you is unbelievable. So you so you so you want to make make make sure you tune in this weekend. Make I mean you know sure you subscribe so you don't miss that episode when it drops got to tell you.
5GF9sag5MsGgf4vJ7KeDgW.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of of of uh well wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci pigliucci pigliucci a like um professor of philosophy at the City College of New New New York, and I will I mean okay guide you through this reading In season season season 4 episode 461 would reflect on I mean uh C. So the film was 342 the the the mere fact that people endure the same pain okay I mean more easily when they voluntarily voluntarily voluntarily undergo it for the sake of their country then well I mean when when when they suffer it for some lesser cause shows that the intensity of the pain depends on the State of Mind of the sufferer not on its own intrinsic.
4nwretW7h3lvVSHvPwIlHN.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. Let okay like me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow you to to to you know uh record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and and and covid distribute your podcast well well for you. So it can be heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you uh uh can make money from your podcast with with with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you uh you know need to make podcasts in in in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo uh um the FM FM FM to get started. No words just lightning breaking darkness and crashing okay well into the Earth Earth Earth with brilliant presence. It seemed like the dream went on all night long okay okay okay um. Okay, maybe it was 20 minutes. I wake I wake I wake up up up in the bedroom was filled you know like with the tangible manifested manifested manifested presence of Destiny and written out in front of me and great big Amber letters I read.
3TuC8HZp9VdXtxYMQkJI0m.txt: For the Love of teaching is a podcast brought to you by T starter, we we we think you know well teachers hours each week by creating quality downloadable teaching resources resources resources for their classrooms visit teach startercom you know okay. To make your classroom Buzz Buzz Buzz warning this episode of Friday funny is is uh well not for little ears ears ears if you've got kids with you save this listening um uh goodness for later later later. Joe Mr. D. Dombrowski is a grade 5 teacher and professional comedian um okay who inspires inspires inspires kids to love learning with his quirky sense of humor follow I mean mean mean okay him on Instagram at Mister D times 3, I'm Braun and this is Friday Friday Friday fun. He's well um with mr. D. Hello and welcome to Friday funny is I I I am here with uh you know this V. Hey, mr. D. Hey, how are you you you gonna say? Hey girl. Agora I do say that a lot especially as a male subject headings. I.
080Fqmt2J3kjK5MVyH5qsN.txt: Johnny do the intro, right? Hey, welcome to season one episode one of the the the jam uh okay cast-iron Mark and across from me is John was going back. Hey, man, what's what's what's happening? like I mean Oh good. We're back. We're back bitches. Where were we? You You You know, are you know um we in the ether as a they were up there there there on the cloud as uh so inquiry for a while? Yeah, very nice nice nice up there. Mm. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, it's very nice you know okay okay okay. Actually. Yeah, it's very very soft fluffy fluffy. Yeah. Hey, yeah is revealed towards right now art Elixir Mania. Is it a dinosaur? No, Enjoy, if you.
4xndcPPVOmVbasZnXrXPB0.txt: Whatever happened in dealing with anxiety didn't think anything up in the community community community. We need to well I mean actually move on and get better. And how and and and how and how do we do that? We do we do we do that well uh uh uh by finding the meaning of what happened. I really believe that you can only win or or or uh um learn in life. And if and if and if you're in pain, then then then that means you can learn something okay like from the pain. Welcome to smog top small small small conversations with huge impact. My name is Alec wanker and I'm your host for today. And.
0rGqN62zfOmqU0eQ9AHuXi.txt: A dog that walks on its hind legs a monster that can hide in plain plain plain okay um sight. This is no pop culture Wolfman or a fairytale caricature caricature caricature. It's the so I mean infamous Michigan Dogman. If you enjoyed this episode and want to to to hear more urban legends like well check out our haunted places feed on Spotify Spotify Spotify there. You'll find new Spotify only like um episodes of urban legends every Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday in the meantime enjoy this episode. Due um you know to the graphic nature of of of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode includes uh well descriptions descriptions descriptions of animal cruelty genocide and death. We advise Extreme Caution for children well well well okay under 13. You don't believe in werewolves. Not really sure. We all enjoy enjoy enjoy little Teen Wolf well well or Wolfman down again, but it's just an excuse to laugh at some dated special effects.
20p4XDaucaGlO6LPuV2hDN.txt: Greetings, this is Douglas. Gimple senior portfolio specialist at Diamond Hill Capital Management. And And And this well um is understanding Edge. It's been it's been it's been a a a pretty crazy week and a half in the like like markets. We reached out last last last week with three podcasts covering domestic International equities as uh well well as fixed fixed fixed income, but given how things ended the week. I thought it would be well well well um beneficial to get our chief investment officer for fixed income bills aux-in. To discuss discuss discuss what I mean like he saw over the last week and a half half half thoughts on the um I mean FED Palace comments from Friday and where we're headed headed headed and what we're looking to okay uh do in this type of volatile environment environment environment. Hope you enjoy this. Thank you thank you thank you very much so like like like and enjoy Film the last seven trading sessions stocks as measured by the like like S&P S&P S&P 500 are down close to 13 percent while high-yield as measured by the ice BofA high-yield index.
3nISIwPM7QihFPXbmLwGbD.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to the Castle cast episode 2 this episode is going you you you know uh to be about irony and Dot feels and all that dot gaming gaming gaming and fucking well so dot moments account. So welcome. Sorry we sound a a a bit. Sorry. It will not sure you know uh about blur if he sounds pissed pissed pissed off bloody some pistols not I'm okay like so. Fuck I'm pissed off my my my fucking we record this from songs on the first well you know time. It It It was it was it was only to the second point. So it it it was 14 minutes and I okay like like to do before. Yeah, fuck your your your login as well. I hope it doesn't you know like do that. I could just start start start to go smooth. Yeah. All right, so welcome to I mean okay I'm gonna gonna gonna quickly say sorry for the last episode in the white cut off. Sorry about that. We've got the.
01qEmLFElBRXlHzqT0ifI9.txt: It's our Sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're counting down down down the okay uh top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years today. We're traveling traveling traveling back like okay to 1995 when players on the Northwestern Wildcats were busted for for for intentionally losing games I mean like to pay off gambling debts a point-shaving scandal that that that would rock college like okay basketball for more shocking sports events from history tune in in in right here every day to like like our March Madness special. Listen free listen free free free listen free on Spotify. Or wherever you get your podcast. March 1st march march march 1st march 1st okay okay 1995 as the final buzzer sounded the crowd at the the the Chrysler Center went wild so so the Michigan Wolverines had thrashed the Northwestern Wildcats 81 81 81 264. None of the Northwestern you know okay players looked happy as they slunk back to the locker room, but starting guard Kenneth Dion Lee and centre-forward Dewey Williams were.
0XVZslxawbMMiEfmL0Lyme.txt: Hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome to the tell me what you're proud proud proud of podcast. I'm your host. Dr. Maggie dr. Maggie dr. Maggie um well Perry. I'm a a a licensed psychologist with a doctorate degree in Clinical Psychology. I'm also the founder I I I mean well of the online group therapy platform model that care. I love I love love love I love helping people overcome I mean uh anxiety obsessive compulsive disorder mood disorders and and and stress, please join us each week as we um well share real sessions with with with actual clients that reveal helpful techniques for effectively dealing okay well with anxiety OCD mood disorders disorders disorders and stress will discuss what effective therapy looks like like like sounds like and feels feels feels like will follow our guests as they overcome their um I mean biggest fears and find that that that despite their biological vulnerabilities. They can still live a so you know rich full and and and meaningful life with a reputed approach a strength base and seeks to uh you know know know find and reinforce what clients do well to help them generalize those skills towards well well well like areas where their stock my model for Psychotherapy can be summed up as this you tell me what you're proud of and I'll help you become.
3PnKHBWeLsB1RrM94Xzry7.txt: Boy, 2010, boy, 2010, boy, 2010, you know your family's 2020 2020 broaden broaden broaden and deepen. Even on this Earth for so so 20 years old sound He-Man He-Man He-Man sound grateful to be here, you know where to take you know so month unless unless unless you just like yesterday. I was banging Bonaparte did not necessary. Bro, you know know know you know you know what? I'll be ruined if I'm not even talking to to to my boy yesterday okay uh for me. I don't believe in that resolution thing thing thing from a wise doctor. Why do why do why do you well I mean say say say that though, honestly, so you can out cause for me yeah, like resolutions like structure structure structure um uh you as a person in it. Mmm. So why do you not not not believe so like in that door? Obviously resolutions obviously resolutions obviously resolutions it it it links with where you are setting something is so cool based on the year coming the new year coming.
1lL6ZiffhbQZugtQgJmjeU.txt: Hey guys, quick add break here to talk to you about anchor this is you you you know okay the app that I actually use to make and distribute bitch work is is is how I like you know first got started with the podcast and it's it's it's so incredibly easy to use. It's an it's an it's an so like app app app you download on your phone it's free and it's essentially a I mean uh uh uh creation tool that allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your your your phone so you know or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. It's so so so incredibly easy so I mean uh it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcasts and so much more bitch work uh um literally got distribute it to to to Modify an apple podcasts within a day of me uploading okay so my first first first episode you can make money from your podcast on anchor with no um uh uh uh minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make a podcast and wine wine wine place. If you like so guys want to get started making a podcast or or or have an amazing idea download the um you know free anchor app or or or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Hey guys like okay. I am am am so excited to bring you this week's episode of a bitch work podcast. I am here with yeren Kim and assistant editor at 17. We're actually.
0gyArGeoo8PxuDEztd4Zi8.txt: Hello, my name is Kate Coker. And this and this and this is your your your everyday positivity on Vale okay uh. I was scrolling through Facebook the other other other day and someone suggested a Stevie Wonder you know okay song as the best best best song on the planet. Can you beat it? And all it did you know well for for for me was remind me of the greatest TV Wonder song for me of of of okay well all time, which is called Love's in Need of Love Today. I mean, mean, mean, first you know okay of all when you come up with a song lyric like like like that, you've got you know like to go. Um, man, I've nailed life love is in in in need of Love Today um so and He's my favorite Stevie Wonder song and and and I love sitting and listening to well you know it the message on it. Is that Love's Love's Love's in Need of Love today? We need like like to give the love back to to to ourselves to for loved it. It's that cycle well well and I wanted to get get get you to consider that you can apply this to okay you know lots of things in your your your life and fundamentally you are in need of you today. So put some time aside today to really do something that brings you Joy.
5p4YAPI2Y3aivCRZt2f950.txt: Hey everybody. This is Pam at the paper Outpost. Welcome to the you know uh uh uh paper Outpost the joy of junk journals. And today's topic is oh my my my gosh, we you know so are actually making books and when you think about this, this, this, this is really a um so mind-blowing event because we don't teach this in school school school to people but this is well like really one of those life skills that that that everybody ought to Learn and everybody would be better well you know off if if if they made a book at least once in their life, right Holly so you know know know. My parrot is talking to me right now saying right Mom absolutely keep making uh uh uh okay those books. We need we need we need more books in the the the world. All our all our all our books are disappearing okay well and it's it's it's all going digital and we just don't have much of a well well record anymore anymore anymore with everything disappearing everything from paper. You know, we just don't have that log anymore and when you think about it, Making a book is such an.
2DNDQrNmonn48KridZp5Gu.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast I I I mean so. Let me explain it's free. So if you want to start a podcast, but but but well you know not sure if it's going to be something you want to keep up up up with you know I mean. There's no money to put into it. So you're you're you're just doing it and if it works you know well out great, you keep doing doing doing it at no cost but there was no money uh I mean out of your pocket, pocket, pocket, which was a big incentive for me to want to so okay go with with with anchor. There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast um so so so right from your phone or computer super easy. GE will distribute your podcast you know know know so for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many many many uh well more and you can make money from your podcast with with with no minimum listenership. I have not like like found that any other podcast Creator and it's really really really everything you need to make you know um a podcast in one place download the the the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You won't regret it. Thanks guys.
1IV366QieNfHHrWKechXo0.txt: Hey, I'm hey, I'm hey, I'm Al McGuire. I'm Sarah Griffin. And And And this is juvenilia podcaster. We talked um um to an interesting person at a a a bit of pop culture was important when they I mean okay were young Our Guest Guest Guest today is the assistant news editor of the journal body. I uh I uh uh uh I uh you know wanted to host of get around to it for Barry. Hello, Hello, Hello, welcome to the okay I mean show. Thanks for watching. I'm really glad you you you think I'm interesting like Seriously you know like start with a compliment their jazz jazz jazz singer and way more exciting than I am in okay okay real real real life. Well, I'm super excited but you're not talked about yet because it so so so uh was super important to me as well introduce this person. So yes, I'm going going going to um like talk about Jeff Buckley or IP because he meant a lot to me when I was a teenager and still means a lot to me.
1dR6WSXa552VSZgjeuFiHS.txt: Hi, this is Lynn Richardson. This is Walt talk. I'm so excited about you you you know well talking to you about money. But not but not but not just money money money wealth means wisdom expansion assets. Love uh like Theology and health because I believe that that that wealth is not just about how you know so much money you you you have in your bank account. It's about it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your personal like like like okay life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff stuff stuff uh you know. I get so many questions from people as I travel travel travel the world helping. Some I mean you know VIP. So this is our time for us us us to be together and for you know uh me to answer your questions. So here here here we go dear Lynn. I have been in so okay a committed relationship for for for 15 years. We talked we talked we talked about marriage. He's actually more so so so okay vocal about it than I am but it's a little frustrating when I okay so so so see others getting married and starting their families. I promise I promise I promise promise promise I am genuinely happy okay so for them. But I'm human and can only think when will it ever be my turn I just pray.
1rPCEsRbJ9PZOm8K4FWSZj.txt: The sports card Market is scorching hot and today on this sports card investor investor investor five of um I mean the absolute hottest on fire cards right now. My name is is is Jeff Wilson by um so day. I invest in tech companies and at night I I I invest in sports car. Please. Join me so I mean on my journey to profit profit profit from the hobby we all love. Hello boards guard investors uh you know and welcome welcome welcome to another top five Tuesday. And wow. Do I have some cards to I I I mean like tell you about today? The sports card Market is on fire and and and there so well are some cards that are doing absolutely amazing things. I can't wait to to to tell you know I mean you about them first though. I want to congratulate the winner of the prism contest this sealed.
4cVw0lqjRFJREdtC5SbGhB.txt: What's going on guys? Welcome back to the OC lines Blog podcast. My My My name is um uh Gavin here with co-hosts Daniel and Chase. And today. We We We have a wonderful guest you know um on the episode today to talk all things things things Orlando city. And of course okay so all things RSL about the game that we we we just witnessed. We have Adam. How like so you doing today? Adam? I'm doing I'm I'm I'm doing I'm doing pretty good today rough game today rough game yesterday okay you know. I I I should say rough game yesterday. It was a 0-0 draw a lot a lot of stuff to talk about even though not Out of.
6bOBHGBiUwcNXGVX1lHNJJ.txt: Hey, have hey, have hey, have you heard about anchor dot? F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- you know, when I began like um my podcast, I've been searching for for for so long. What kind of host how to do okay okay it in general when when when I was trying to browse. It was so complicated so so um much so so so that until I found what anchor dot f m is all about, uh like you you you know, it's so seamless so friendly for a neophyte like me. Started podcasting started started started podcasting started podcasting few like you know days ago and you must try this this this. If you are looking at doing well I mean a podcast yourself, why don't you try try try it, you know as for me I can always I mean okay say wow amazing. Try it and see for yourself. Hey, how are you today? This butcher told.
6NjuxxBMvynvtNLMPAb9YL.txt: Salute up, you know you mentioned about authenticity. But when when I get a release like like like okay for me, it's all about the music and I forget Les Mills. I forget forget forget I forget I forget the choreography I mean well and I don't even even even think about it being a workout. I just listened to okay so the songs and and and I have them on the whole time. Like when I'm in okay um the shower when when when I'm making food when I'm doing the laundry when I'm training you know um gym, gym, gym, I just try and listen to the music as many times as possible, like like like I mean but I'm not even thinking about the lesson was broken all the work work work out I mean um. It's just filled music and what happens Instruments will pop up or or or lyrics or stand well um out all these musical landmarks will come up and and and you don't know what um well that's going to be or when it will will will be but it just happens um well after you listen to it for for for a while and then when you actually then go you know uh right let's let's let's plug in and learn the choreography when those two things come together and like like like I mean you teach your already naturally in the music. So those so those so so so those little moments that your son um so or little hit movement or shoulder shoulder shoulder wiggle that you just naturally did with the song that just comes out when you.
19dI2U8hcafCQyNx7GBTwp.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to grazin Hell a podcast dedicated to kicking up dust around around around issues related to I mean I mean pasture-based regenerative agriculture and how it can can can restore Health to our soil our environment our um I mean bodies and the rural rural rural economy. I'm Neil tafflinger. And for this first episode of Grey's in okay you know know know hell. I thought I thought I thought we should start by digging into the the the farm crisis of the well uh 1980s how the American food system became more concentrated concentrated concentrated. That's transparent and what its cost both um um farmers and consumers and there's there's there's no one better to address that topic than Joe Maxwell Joe uh I mean has has has spent his life fighting for working Americans. He's been he's been he's been a farmer farmer farmer a soldier and like so attorney and a politician winning seats in the Missouri Missouri Missouri House of Representatives and the Missouri I mean uh Senate before serving a term as as as lieutenant governor more recently Joe spent five years leading the organization for competitive markets which in its own words,.
7f66EDdSeqSucUEncmT8hg.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, so I wanted to take a second to to to just tell you uh well a little bit about anchor it's the app that I I I use to record well um my podcasts. I absolutely love it. It's completely free free free. There. Are these really awesome creation so okay tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit your podcast right from your so um phone or your computer and anchor distribute your your your podcast for you. So you can hear you know uh it on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts and many other platforms you are able to make you know I mean money from from from your podcast. You don't need to have a minimum listenership. And it's just I I I mean okay really everything that you need to make a podcast in one place place place. So I find it okay okay really useful and accessible and really helpful helpful helpful. You can you can you can download the free anchor app or well I mean go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started and I'm telling you it's just um um um um like the easiest way to get your feet wet and jump into creating your your your uh well own podcast. I love it. I'm going in search of witches witches, which is I guess you found me out, huh?.
590zJG53u3yfGYy28p67kL.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to the Flightline with your host Rick Hughes for for for the next 30 minutes like um. You'll be inspired motivated educated but never manipulated now your your your host Rick Hughes. Good like I mean morning and welcome to the Flightline. I'm your your your host Rick Hughes and um um for the next few minutes. You have you you you have you have a cordial invitation to stick around 30 minutes uh okay of motivation some some some inspiration some education without any type of manipulation. Just some just some just some teaching from from from okay um the word of God that will help you verify and identify the the the plan of I mean uh God for your life if you'd like to know that and if if if you want so well to orient and just to the plan then you can can can do so you have well so freedom and privacy to do that. But remember that God God God gave you two ends one to sit with one to thank with and success in your life will depend on.
56mEWlELcykD19YBgpA89P.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a a a podcast. Let uh you know me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow allow allow you to record okay so and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and and and covid distribute your well okay podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcast like you know and many more you can make money from from from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship like uh is everything you need to to to make podcasts in one place download the free ankle up or like you know know know good Echo the FM to get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This This This Is wealth talk like well. I'm so excited about talking to you about money, but but but not just money wealth means wisdom I mean um expansion assets. Love Theology and health health health because I believe that wealth is not just well well about how much money money money you have in your bank account. It's about establishing Harmony uh well in in in your personal life your professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
6rLtKpBINzY4IhJ8mIrpee.txt: Hello guys and welcome to the fifth episode of The Forgotten podcast. My name you you you know you know is Kiran Krishnan. And today I'm joined with swayam and moanin moanin moanin and we hear talk I mean um about something that is kind of alien alien alien to me. I am I am I am not very I'm very uh like informed on on on this and it is Anime so guys educate me. Okay, Karen so okay tell tell tell me something. Have you have you have you watched Pokmon? Yes here here here on there. Yes, you washed like okay Beyblade. Yes, and it was a a a culture. Where back where? I when I when we like well grew up so we we we should just hang around and you know oracle 3 2 1 um um let it it it rip or whatever, right? Yeah. So yeah, it was a throwback and nostalgic uh um moment moment moment. Yes, I have so everyone has actually watched anime when they were kids well like like like. They just don't realize it. So it's so it's so it's like shows Pokemon Digimon and and and Doraemon Shin-chan like you know Ninja Hattori. They're all enemies now that I think about it. Beyblade was The Craze back when we were in.
5cZzm3PL9qKb2ybv3k4tZN.txt: Welcome back to modern day disciples AKA MDD the podcast were here real stories from from from like uh modern-day disciples. My name is Cameron Bure Naga. I'm the youth minister minister minister at st so okay. Francis of Assisi Parish in San Jose, California in my name name name is Ana Fuentes. I'm you I'm you I'm you know like the youth Minister as as as the Anthony perosh in San Jose, California. Dude. Happy lead. Happy Lance well well. I'll I'll I'll be I'll be I'll be home late you guys we have a super special episode episode episode for you today like you know. It's very special. We we haven't posted posted posted in like maybe a week. Yeah. I'm like I'm like I'm like uh due due due to some stuff that we'll talk about. Oh for sure for sure. Butts uh uh uh like were in our Lenten season now, so we actually have a special Lenten edition of of of so like the MDD podcast this week guys, we do so we unfortunately don't don't don't have a guest you know you know this week, but we're going to talk all things things things lent. We're going to do some like so things that are a little different different different from what we usually do on a uh well podcast and it switch it it it up a little bit Don't Know remix of the episode like okay of you're you're you're really fine and we hope that you guys stick with us for this special luncheon episode remember, that's a remix. Let's get.
6gmZyCefoOLjHf2jqx6Hn6.txt: Welcome to the science and spirituality podcast where we dive deep into Universal spiritual spiritual spiritual uh well principles and ground them in modern science. My name is Chris Gardner Gardner Gardner. My name is Kevin Clarke okay so. We are committed to simplifying the spiritual side side side of successful with easy to understand scientific like so research. So you can walk away away away with practical tools to create radical transformations in uh like your life. Let's Let's Let's get started. Looking forward to this episode and also having a new okay well well well guest here. Yeah, and so our special guest today is Julie householder who is is is like well a life coach and a biofield healing immersion practitioner and she also happens happens happens to you know uh be my girlfriend. So it's going to be a fun fun fun episode. Oh, yeah uh uh. Um, but yeah, so we wanted to talk about the the the topic of forgiveness um um. Do you want to start it off cab sure forgiveness. I want to First paint the picture of what I understood forgiveness as before.
4luRcjjsoQ0JZQeGj3Q9sZ.txt: Jeff made the most maybe the most interesting man in the world also do well uh uh uh you know is a complete babe. Cheers fam. Okay. Well, thank you. Thanks. Hey, Hey, Hey, we're live. How's everybody going um you know after reviewing happening buddy? Give thanks thanks thanks give thanks give thanks continuing education strong. Awesome dogs. Just stop doing like like like um bad shit. It's incredible and they need to start training your dog dog dog. Hey, guys, I mean um how are you? Chef Kelvin is Holly canine training in in in this is the what would you you know you know have to show when when when you do a one-hour show today? It's because I'm still okay like sick and and and trust me. I've been sleeping out onions, and I've Invest lean on my like so so so feet with socks and I've been things working and nothing's working. So that's you know know know uh wrong tonight Scooby last Q8 grabbing a baby. Oh my God having a baby okay okay okay uh. I'm Gonna Miss You. Yep, so I'm happy for you and your graduations. It's gonna be great. It's.
0Pn9OeLCLriaY9hbYpIHPf.txt: You're listening to the treatment room with test and Lauren the podcast by estheticians for for for estheticians so I mean. And those and those and those who seek to learn learn learn about their own skin from a professionals perspective I mean I mean. We're diving diving diving into our wise as license skincare therapists sharing in our career Journeys in you you you know so separating the gimmicks from the real heroes in skincare. Welcome to to to the treatment room well okay. Hi everybody, welcome back to the treatment room with with with Tess and Lauren. I'm Tess I'm Tess I'm Tess and um I mean I I I am here with Lauren today. So we have gathered a few questions. We would we we we would we would I mean like love to answer for you guys so we can ensure ensure ensure we're answering the like uh questions that are top of mind for you guys, but we thought we were just kind of ease into this podcast that little chat.
5If27WyLTt3yp5jruRKnt2.txt: Hello, everyone. This is Kia and Mama windy. Welcome to the kitchen table Chronicles. So So So uh I mean today we are going to be having a very special guest on on on well okay which is Mama Wendy's granddaughter. I like to say the oldest but not not not the first my um like daughter Carly will be on later on talking to to to us today because we have stumbled like okay. On this article that I received through through through a Facebook message and this article was well like on America's kids belong and and and it the research has now confirmed that children that are adopted give off the same hormones that.
3fF8Q9rM8xvgmUzaIbdpDm.txt: But yeah, it's I don't know. I've heard I mean, I'm very thankful I I mean mean mean you know have for you. Hello everyone. Welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 36 36 36 36. Yes. What makes well well you podcast? This episode this episode this episode were were were mainly going to talk about no judgment the song and you know you you you know the video as well as the falling music video which came out today um um um um as we're recording this so as usual, you know, how we are. We're like we're we're we're like we're like like just gonna talk about nylon Harry because that's our favorite favorite favorite thing to do and we well you know have a special guest today because Molly has her Harry pillow, which you guys know what we make.
5eDxMMslKEKsRTeAoGxtR8.txt: Hi, my name is Erin Phelps. And you're listening to we live in a okay okay okay I mean music Society. This podcast is a project of Mind in which I interview musicians musicians musicians uh you know that I think are doing really cool things right now and and and ask them questions about you know I mean all the really cool things. They're doing they're they're they're doing they're doing with a slight. Equal angle. So we're talking um so about about about the lived experiences in our lives that lead us to create and listen to to to the so you know music that we do welcome back to we live in in in a music Society. I so well am so so excited for this episode episode episode. So I'm going to get to call one of well um my favorite musicians. He's He's He's someone that I've looked up to for a really long time since I was a teenager and it is John Simmons and.
21vQxysfh2LzOwoXGY6yOJ.txt: Today's episode the hottest take is brought to you by Philadelphia cream cheese made made made with um I mean only the freshest milk and cream. It's the schmear schmear schmear. That's perfect for spreading on your okay I mean morning Bagel. Now where now now now where now where you get that big ol should be the only subject for debate debate debate I mean well the cream cheese itself. That's easy. Philadelphia has been doing this since since since 1872 Philadelphia okay like schmear perfection. Hello and welcome to the hottest take my name name name is Chris Ryan. I'm um um joined by Mallory Rubin David Shoemaker and Roger Sherman Sherman Sherman and Roger has the floor. Best day um okay for Holiday to be during during during the week is Thursday. Mmm. The three-day the three-day the three-day weekend is an uh I I I mean inferior option to just having a random holiday in the middle of the week week week for uh well Roger at the government. The government the government the government government government has thrusted all of our holidays on to you know okay Monday the worst day of the week, which a holiday could be so you are saying you'd prefer.
00yoUSA2yh7eAY8t45JM91.txt: Thank you for checking at tea-time unfilter with your girl lovely tea. Guess what I I I well um have some piping hot tea for you guys. Have you ever thought about about about starting so so your very own podcast? What now? You can you can can can you can with this really cool app called anchor uh okay FM best part of of of this app is that it's totally free. There's a there's a there's a creation creation creation you know so tool that allows you to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or your um well computer. Anchor will also also also distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it can be heard heard heard on you know okay Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money from your podcast I mean um with no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need you you you need you need in a podcast in one place uh so. So make sure you guys guys guys check it out because anchor FM is what type like okay in hat. Get ready, you're you're you're tuned in to Tea Time unfiltered with your girl lovely okay you know teeth teeth teeth bringing you the hottest trending topics on social media to stay connected instagramcom um so. / / / lovely. Teeth 2002. Hey you guys thank you guys so much for joining me and welcome to another episode of.
3z5zWuMnniPKcTPymHRRXI.txt: It looks like there's going to be a lady Loki in the upcoming Disney uh uh uh okay plus series after all there have been new set photos revealed on on on Twitter by well I mean at BR Marvel news showing Sofia demartino dressed in a a a black suit with I mean so the green and gold that is a dead dead dead giveaway for Loki. This was a rumor that okay well was circulating not not not long ago, but was never actually confirmed now looks like that's like like exactly exactly exactly what we'll be getting. This also leads us to wonder whether we'll we'll we'll I mean you know be seeing a kid Loki as well as both a child child child and Lady versions of well uh loci or straight out of the comics. In fact, fact, fact, he's changed his form uh okay quite a few times after being brought back back back to them dead. And it and it and it looks like so like we're we're we're getting at least two versions so will be fun to see what else we uh uh uh um might see in the upcoming Loki. Are you are you are you excited excited excited about the upcoming series? Let us know so okay what you'd like to see see see in the comments and be sure to hit that well okay like button and subscribe subscribe subscribe for your daily dose of Marvel for more in-depth conversations head over okay well to Marvel Marvel Marvel movie news. Thursday's 1 p.m. Right here right here right here on the popcorn popcorn popcorn talk like you know and if you'd like to keep up with my ever-growing Marvel Obsession, you can follow me on Twitter and Instagram @ Z.
0NJmaKcBPTiD5jIU40nFl4.txt: Get your toothbrush ready because it's time for Chompers your morning and night toothbrushing toothbrushing toothbrushing I mean so show start brushing on the top of your mouth and make little little little circles with I mean okay your brush around each to the ring. It's heroines heroines heroines week where every day we talk I mean okay about heroic women who changed history tonight tonight tonight. We have the story of the warrior okay um Queen yayoi-san trois. Yeah. Santa was was was part of the royal family that ruled over well um the Ashanti Kingdom and an African country country country that today is called Ghana. The Ashanti uh so people had many riches but there there there was one thing that was more special than anything else a chair made of solid gold called the Golden stool.
5ElN9C6dXkxIDsJmo8AlA3.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to the valley. Yo, what's yo, what's yo, what's up up up with your boy Anthony? It's going on uh um and show Paul took one sec. Hey, Hey, Hey, it's Josh. It's boy Ralph. It's up. Its like well Eli and Welcome to our our our podcast. So this is the first episode. We're trying okay well to get it started started started the podcast came about with just an idea one night so um and decided decided decided that fuck it. We'll give it a shot and now here we like uh are. So So So yeah, it's just the boys doing what we normally do every okay I I I mean weekend, but we figured why not let our viewers and people outside of our our our uh I mean group you're our thoughts and certain Interest on topics throughout this community community community huge shout you know well out to all the Facebook people already 190. I'm I'm I'm already I'm already I'm already over night. Yes. We're so well basically famous. Right? Well, Well, Well, I'm well, I'm well, I'm pretty close we're late. But there's there's Matthew McConaughey and and and um okay then there's a on Facebook and Instagram like we were I was actually quite shocked. I.
1MRseMufwdMFdwf9tAdQ9F.txt: On March 4th 1970 to Kim Wendy. Allen was the first victim discovered in you know know know um a series of slangs now known as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders murders murders. It's a uh you know cautionary tale for anyone traveling alone. If you you you enjoy the episode you're about to hear and want you know okay to listen to to to more True Crime events from history. Check out our Series today and you know know know you know True Crime. You can find new episodes every day follow today in in in True Crime. On I mean you know Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts podcasts podcasts. Today is Wednesday, March 4th 2020 like I mean on this day in 1972 Kim Kim Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in Santa Rosa um you know. California was was was california was california was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings.
5XcWZLuRWBefwLhMII2I5b.txt: Hello everyone hello everyone hello everyone and welcome to get stressed with us. We We We are back with back um so baby after a lengthy break there by eight eight eight about two minutes. We've been going to be uh uh a Christmas break. We're gonna gonna gonna get one out before Christmas then we're gonna Get one I mean uh back back back after Christmas and then now it's very happy way and we have well you know no no no excuses. Just let's just you know, he's busy he is busy and then then then so I mean we came back to UNI and we just couldn't be arsed know know know. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna be completely uh I mean honest with you you you. We promote realism like we weren't in the mood but we uh uh felt a a a void missing that like, so now we're back thing is though a um okay okay okay lot of people have been saying to us like when you gonna do another one where you go anywhere, like absolutely coming to UNI. What are you doing next part?.
3Tw5nrzBqIUdMGT5QKzrn1.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to Suave exciting times ahead. No, can I get a what-what? what-what what-what you know well Absolutely, not today. We watch season 2 episode 14 sudden death, which which which is what we all wanted like I mean by the end of it. I I I think my jock lighter is in danger. He dies well I mean. I die. Most Most Most important part of this episode was the triumphant return of car, man. His a car.
51edLg5olIdoPd24y4UMHS.txt: 90 day 90 day 90 day fianc before the 90 days a rainy rainy rainy day podcast what is going on? I um uh need a fam we're back back back for another day another week some more than 90 so okay uh welcome back back back to the first episode 2 of the new season. Yes. Yes and episode okay so so so like 58 have already bonded with these people. Let me just tell you really Sonu Sonu Sonu like I mean. I know I know I know and I know there's some I I I love okay so off the top as you know okay usual Betsy has given Charles Charles Charles The Rundown, but before we get to the news news, um like I got some some some things on the top. I want to talk about because we so Ivan people probably don't think I'm really serious about this video thing, but I.
04xHi6OlXWxwnQUE66jH2i.txt: Hey guys, it's Peter fry and welcome to the living with hope podcast a daily devotional devotional devotional I mean like where we dig into God's word and explore what it means to live live live with. Hope like okay in Jesus. Second Corinthians second Corinthians second Corinthians Chapter 4 4 4 verses 16 through 18. So we do not lose heart. Though I though I though I I I mean so our outer self is wasting away. Our inner self is being renewed well well well so day by day for this light momentary Affliction is preparing for us an eternal eternal eternal weight um well of Glory beyond all comparison as we look not to the things that that that are seeing um well but to the things that are unseen for the things things things that are seen are I mean uh transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal Here in this passage. Paul is describing how we keep from.
1rF6m0WvH3suCPX6Z72kPo.txt: Hey everyone. I want to tell you about something that I like okay um um um. It's anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make okay okay okay so a podcast first off. It's free doesn't cost you a dime. In fact, fact, fact, it well okay can make you money. There's creation tools that allow you to to to record and edit your podcast uh like right from your phone or your computer computer computer. In fact some episodes of Nintendo switch craft have okay well been completely made on on on. My phone anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So um like it can be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and anywhere else where you would I mean okay download download download a podcast. This one's huge. You don't you don't you don't need a a a minimum listenership in order like I mean to Make money from your podcast anger anger anger will sell the ads for you you record the you know um ones that that that you want and they go on your podcast. It's everything that you need like okay to make make make a podcast all in one place. So if so if so if you've always wanted wanted wanted to like uh start a podcast, but never known where to start now, you you you do download the uh you know free anchor app or go to Anchored Anchored Anchored on FM to get started today. On episode 484 of Nintendo switch craft Bill. Where the hell have you been.
4Jwk6G5lIslrQ0KS61EBSu.txt: We have to go ahead and give a big shout-out to our sponsor anchor okay I I I mean for giving us a platform to be able to chase our dreams. All All All right, this I mean uh is free. Okay, first okay, first okay, first and foremost, not not not only that but their creation tools that I mean okay allow you to record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone and computer I mean okay. Anchor will will will also distribute your podcast for you so I can be heard on you know uh Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more. Yeah. I'm an anchor acres are really cool okay okay okay like tool and we're extremely happy to be partnered with them and using them to okay okay okay okay help make our podcast and you know, it's also an easy way for you you you so I mean to make money from the podcast with no minimum listenership and it's it's it's everything like I mean that you need to make a podcast all in one place place place. So if you're I mean so interested in doing something like this, you know, know, know, go download the free anchor okay I mean app or go to Anchor dot dot dot f m-- to Started and and with so like that, you know, we're going to go ahead and jump back into the regular podcast do it.
7q9CBXZmbLd6IfBrKRSkwh.txt: Welcome to news across the Galaxy midweek show where we talk all things LA LA LA like well Galaxy. I'm Bryant I'm Bryant I'm Bryant Eddie's in here somewhere. I'm right right right here. So yeah, so what you know you know up? What up? And Spenny and and and Spenny and Spenny you mean it's again? It doesn't jerseys guys. I like like like them. Anyway, like well when we show second game of the season first one at home coming up on Saturday versus the Vancouver Whitecaps at 7 p.m.
2qqyEHySVnwVcG2WVbMQiA.txt: Hi, everyone, what's happened? And I'm here with Johnny. Bargain has all she on on on top well you know and Blake all good. So today we are recording the the the first episode of the podcast I mean I mean that we've been talking about recording recording recording for at least two or three months. He like uh has smelt a long long long story short may not going to be in touch for like I mean mean mean a while and I made not for sample cups of coffee on the lisburn road so so so well and we thought that the ideas and the conversation we were having may help help help a uh uh few older. So this is all very much part in those thoughts into um um um uh action. And if we can help at least one other person as a byproduct byproduct byproduct so well of our conversations recording and Publishing it then we think this is is is a I mean you know very valuable form to do. So, so first of of of all, we're just going um um to basically introduce ourselves so you can get to to to know us that more about who you um well actually listened to and then then then down the line move very much want to delve uh okay into some of those those those deeper questions that may help others. So just by where personal I mean like introduction introduction introduction my name is Asha Monaghan. I'm from a gallon which is about 10 minutes from the organ.
3GNQ9updPoNCZsQLiINa8d.txt: Hey, hey, we've got to see just for you here at musings of a wildflower here here here you know well. We talked about everything from Faith to Wellness worship tutor. We We We find like okay lessons and stories in the most unlikely of places. We call call call them modern-day Parables okay okay. So grab your favorite coffee tea juice or or or some high quality water and you know I mean join us for this week's week's week's episode. Us Odes our stories are shared mostly by I mean well Casey and some some some of her amazing Community, you're part of our family. Now, you're a part so so so um of our family. Now, you're now, you're now, you're part of our family. Now, you're you're you're part of our you know so family. Now, you're now, you're now, you're you're you're part of our family, you know, you're a part of our like like family family family now, right? Hi KC is Lady Danielle here? I just wanted to say thank thank thank uh well you for sharing your podcast. Thank you for sharing the things that you've learned the things that you've struggled with.
19DAzvki93rIhjuBFZP5J8.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes notes notes okay uh. Hello. I have I have I have two questions that I'm I'm I'm pretty much already know the answer so you know to but I'm going going going to ask you in any way. Well, there's nothing better like you know than to to to know an answer that you like. So beat the drum of it well like like like just to hear it. Sometimes they sometimes they sometimes they call it your name name name and my thoughts. Do uh you know you ever hear me every time? Now that's funny funny funny you got in it that well well far. My question my question my question was sometimes sometimes sometimes I call out your names my thoughts. Do you ever hear me? You said? Yes, so I guess we said every time can.
1U91Mj3wx0CCYbh1yddg5y.txt: Really quickly, we recommend listening to this show on Spotify where you can listen uh like like like to all of our favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free without a a a premium um I mean account Spotify has a huge catalogue of podcasts on every imaginable imaginable imaginable topic plus you can like you know follow your favorite podcast. So you never miss miss miss an episode premium users can download um like episodes to listen to offline offline offline wherever and whenever and easily share what you're listening to with so so your your your friends on Instagram, so if you haven't done so already Ready, be sure you know so to to to download the Spotify app search for Optimal Health daily on Spotify or browse podcasts in in in okay I mean the your library tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never never never miss an episode so okay of Optimal Health daily. It's another Q&A edition of Optimal Optimal Optimal Health daily episode 950 uh like and I'm dr. Neal your host of the show show show. Welcome back welcome back welcome back to another I mean you know special Friday edition of of of Optimal Health daily where I answer your questions on the other days, I read health and fitness blogs to you kind of like an.
2wcWNsVoP4vH9rImLn95De.txt: So the other night I was getting some support from a coach. And yes, and yes, yes, yes, and yes, so so I have a coach coaches need coaches and I was talking to my my my coach because I so uh had been feeling really stuck in some feelings about parenting parenting parenting and how hard it so I mean can be sometimes and I realized I I I had allowed myself to fall into this pattern so uh of just beating myself up in in in a really unhelpful. A way, away, away, which I um like know better than than than to do but I just kind of got caught in a loop and uh uh uh okay it's one of my weaknesses. Well so my coach said something to me me me so I mean okay very profound and the shift that it has created since since since then has been so like well powerful that he just knew that I had to to to share it with you. So that's what we're going to talk about today. Which is keeping your eye.
61XglL2xD7IEFEvUNDwBbl.txt: What's up, welcome to the trekking podcast. I'm Patrick sweet. I'm Michael Shermer. I'm I'm I'm Parker you know so link and this episode we talk about Lego Masters new movies movies movies and brainstorming title um I mean ideas for the podcast which we eventually figured figured figured out. So sit back relax and enjoy I mean okay too. As we we we all take a little sip. Yeah. We hope that you have some okay okay okay okay kind of beverage with you. You can sip along with yes up along with us us us with we uh like got the doc you Pepe's answer. That's what what what that's what that's what we're rocking as the beverage of you know so the the the night. It's our day off tonight. We usually watch a Lego Masters on on on this like okay night, but mmm that's some corals with Langley Master Lego Lego Lego Masters. So background so background so background on Lego Masters, it like so was we watching watching watching the Super Bowl. It was the Chief versus the And this one uh you you you know might have heard of it. I don't know if you guys saw the game Chiefs won. She's won. Yeah, she's spoiler.
6Go5xcf661AKDP9mCu9YOT.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with with with you know so Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies. It's built built built it's built it's built to help um so you outsmart some of the obstacles you'll you'll you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart I mean you know and then then then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is well I mean mean mean Monday, March 2nd 2020 on this day in 1995 28 year-old derivatives Trader um um um um. Nick Leeson nick Leeson nick Leeson was arrested for defrauding his superiors at bearings bearings bearings bank and for okay you know cheating the Singapore exchange. He would subsequently be be be remembered as the man who single-handedly so you know caused the collapse of of of one of the oldest Merchant banks in the United Kingdom. Welcome to today in True Crime app are cast original.
7uz9FE3VWjeVyCYRAKdwUW.txt: You're a medical student. You don't you don't you don't have time to study for for for boards, okay um but you have to study right now lucky for you. Dr Dr Dr. Bradley is here to okay so help on Bradley's micro Board review in microbiology professor professor professor at a Medical University covers I mean um one to two board relevant microorganisms each day day day in approximately 20 minutes. We will cover um uh all the important facts for an an an infectious agent and at least one original board so I mean style question for the the the ism with an explanation subscribe anywhere you get your podcasts and share with your friends so that they can accidentally get some study time into.
2skQM6x6IABVPJIvQO9R25.txt: I really turned into my heart. My heart was like it's scary but you need so so so so to do this. Hello and welcome to the feminine at Spock podcast. I'm I'm I'm your hearts uh I mean Monica Gates a period and icf's edified woman's life life life coach and I hope okay I mean women to harness the power of their their their period and connected FM has blood in this episode I mean you know. We'll We'll We'll be talking about all things periods hormones confidence health food money sex so I mean business business business feminine flow your brain energy and all the stuff to go through our you know know know okay heads. You will walk away from each episode with you chicken nuggets and and and drink uh well bombs as other the filter about love talking about all the shit shit shit that people like well are thinking cook too afraid to say so if you you you didn't already see basically I had to uh okay leave my apartment in in in Manhattan. I'm still in New York. I'm just in Williamsburg now, but like so basically what what what happened is like the laws in New York like crazy with like well I I I mean subletting and whatever and I was I was renting a friend's apartment and and and then I mean um they the cops just like went bananas because I found out I was there and then I probably know.
7DcOwOSnGJLSM3WQzQS7WL.txt: The only the only the only one that is allowed to talk and that's that's that's why I do stand-up. Yeah. I I mean well had a first exploratory exploratory exploratory session with a really bad therapists last weekend and she uh okay just like got got got right and did not try to get to know me at all well I mean mean mean was like, what would you say is your main issue? And I was you know know know so like, let's fix this in one hour. I do the little we got got got 48 minutes um uh. Let's do this. Okay, there is I'm watching The Globe truly truly truly. Yes got right well like down to business and I was like, I I I don't know. I guess I um I mean feel like I always need to to to be in control and she's like, is that okay I mean what you you you do comedy? And I was like, I don't like I guess well well so, I don't don't don't know and she's like I am time that's comedy help people feel like they're in control. I think of it as a pretty chaotic.
319J9UiWM55HwC5LuTHZtv.txt: Hi, this hi, this hi, this is Scott and welcome to my podcast. Let's talk talk talk let's talk let's talk and learn about like like God's word life purpose values and and and Faith through this podcast. We will reflect more deeply I mean like on things things things that matter most this way. We can experience a life full of meaning you know know know um and joy everyday. I am looking forward to spend the next day's reflecting with you with me. Much love much love much love and hope cat.
00y3rxCkHBrbY1xwqojEGR.txt: Hey guys, couple things before we go into this podcast. I really actually want um um um so you to tweet me your feedback on how you like weekly be in podcast podcast podcast form um I mean. So please hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee and and and just put hashtag garyvee podcast um um with the W in there as as as well so I can see your feedback on like uh weekly B7. Please hit hit hit me up with some feedback on Twitter on how you you know well like listening listening listening to the Vlog and if you're not watching the Vlog, it's youtubecom okay uh. Slash Slash Slash garyvee with double. He's then please enjoy this day Gary Vee audio experience experience experience everybody um like really excited about this interview so far. Everybody's watching on LinkedIn. Let's Let's Let's put let's put let's put in your well okay phone numbers. We're going to call somebody somebody somebody in LinkedIn live put in your phone number and your um so question and and and then teams going to pick which ones but I have the super handsome wildly wildly wildly like um accomplished Daymond John in the buildings and I want I'm right next to milli vanilli's. Are you like that? Right? I'm excited about that.
4vpC0jIWOx1sJoRLPo6yQW.txt: So the time is probably going to come when I delete all these episodes episodes episodes right? I you know I mean think so. I don't want to just let it it it sit here if I'm not using it, you know I mean but what's happening happening happening today why I'm talking to you today is because it's warm um uh out. I I I think it's in the 50s to me. This is warm when outside was so so so you know still wearing a light down coat. Had all my stuff with with with me as most New okay uh Yorkers do we're always carrying stuff. Just taking taking taking out the trash. Too warm All um um right. Someone's actually letting me me me cross. I'm shocked. Thank you. Almost got almost got almost got killed by someone like so so so before crossing the street. Thank you for being polite. So I was too um I I I mean hot. I came downstairs light down coat scarf in my bag too hot went back up put.
70rOGx6FdOyDfsRne4nC8K.txt: If I'm not having a month where like an exorbitant amount of money you know know know okay comes into the bank, that's that's different compared to my regular normal standard than than than I I mean um feel like a failure and that's like any standard. So like like like if it's let's just say you know I mean like I was was was making $5,000 a month or fifty thousand dollars a month or uh like 500 500 500 like in my mind unless we have a month where I'm like tripling it well well well okay out of nowhere then I didn't succeed. That's stupid. I don't know why why why I don't know you know like how to put that stupid. Why do I I I feel that way? Why because you're comparing uh well yourself to the lifestyle of people people people that are way outside of our means uh so. Yeah. Welcome to the the the business of a podcast. My name is Lorna Liz well uh love and I am am am a success expert transformation strategist business mentor and the owner of um uh a a a million dollar online Empire. I am obsessed with helping women receive it all in life. And in.
0m0vtDTApnpVY19ldI5TSO.txt: Welcome to too chunky boys. This is Garrett. And this and this and this is Clem and and and this is well okay gonna be our first podcast. So, you know, we'll see how how how it goes. It's been well um a long time coming. We've been saying we're we're we're going to do it for a while now, but I mean so now we're starting starting starting so Gary if you want to say the thing the thing is you know know know well is let's get this intro music. Hey, yeah. All right. Let's get into you you you know um this first podcast, you know, just kind of figuring out the Kinks Kinks Kinks of it all well um it's going to be a long and and and eventful eventful time. Yeah, trying yeah, trying yeah, trying to figure it out I mean you know know know. It's kind of kind of nervous. But you know, we'll get a gun. Sorry like so so so now here in Grand Junction home base for the moment, you know, move it it it down to Denver here soon. So excited so excited so excited should be a lot more fun than you know.
1kjFvAiMfam1WoY2FFh95F.txt: Tina I tina I tina I mean like I had a very diverse group but but but I would always date so like white guys until me until I'm at hartge until until until you saw this all of this and um so I gave all of my my my family a sigh of relief. What's up what's up what's up RG Jazz well well well like. What's up with you? Nothing much harjeet you having a good day. I I I okay well am I'm having a great day today - do tell Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I woke up super early so so got a lot of work done one for for for a walk worked out did some I mean um fun stuff and now we're filming the the the podcast. I woke up late. I like what am like like I 9:30? Hmm, 10 10 10 10 ish and then 30 10 and then I just been you know like like like sluggish but I'm about to power through this. I generally feel good though. That's good. I just I just I just might look tired but on the inside.
0aOKZr1m8gK8bpp7VVlaQB.txt: Hello, welcome to the anti-socialist podcast 30 knew that and I'm joined today by okay okay okay um with my co-host Chris silver. Yo, what's up? How you how you how you you you doing today? - oh um you know for sure. You know how we were talking talking talking. Am I meeting right now? I so I mean just got home from the the the gym. So I apologize for any background noises munching on well uh some some some food. So I so I so I had to clear my throat kind of of of getting over sickness at okay I mean the Miller. But yeah, okay. So So So I was thinking today's topic for this new episode 4 episode 2 because the episode 1 was it was it.
1t6aRpc7jv67gy92cVC7QS.txt: So people are always asking me. Wow, Donna. You must be so tech-savvy um um um I mean how in the world, you know how to make a podcast and and and I crack up I mean I mean because I am not tech savvy savvy savvy. I just use an app called anchor which I highly like uh recommend recommend recommend to anyone. It is a free app. It gives you step-by-step directions on I mean well well well how to create your very own podcast. The audio is exceptional. There are uh okay okay okay free editing's tools and the best part is that they distribute the out so so so so your podcast for you and So if you're interested in making a a a podcast I mean I mean just download the free anchor app or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get okay you know started that anchor ANC ANC ANC hor dot f m-- and you can have a podcast like I mean to to to welcome. Welcome to another episode of the good sign with me your host host host I mean I mean honest him in Tove. Thank you thank you thank thank thank you so much for tuning in to this week's well uh episode episode episode. I am thrilled honored excited really really happy to be sitting here with my most beautiful.
2bA3SdEDHSWpbpX4BL5TUf.txt: well, hello well, hello well, hello guys, welcome to the first episode of the haven't haven't haven't we thought of like like a name yet? I was I was I was was was want to do breakfast at Perkins given my last I mean okay name kind kind kind of lame. But but but but but but then I was told that people may may may think that breakfast I mean so at Perkins. Could have some potential copyright with you you you know, the actual restaurant program, I mean uh so I might do breakfast with with with Perkins. I don't know. Anyway, how anyway, how anyway, how we doing? I mean mean mean um How's everyone doing? I figured I would start a podcast. Maybe to help help help kind I mean uh of supplement my thoughts that I have on other other other social media platforms whether it be Snapchat uh you know Facebook Instagram. What have what what what have what have you first let me apologize. I just ate Indian food food food uh like and it's stuck in my throat. First off. Let me let me let me give a shout out to India star. You never been to India star.
3L9UtDN1bPoKcEGU1BmCeT.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome to Let's coffee. Let's copy is a collaboration between yardstick so um um um coffee and thank you for your applause everyone yardstick coffee and daily drink magazine magazine magazine like well. We tape here in honeycomb Manila, which is the home of our company, company, company, but also I mean well is also a co-working space where people can come come come and even record here. We have like so a number of people who record here as as as well. Now if you are enjoying so um the content, Not that we're putting out out out whether it be about four games or so like let's coffee, which is is is about coffee and the industry. Please do like this like like like this video click the the the Thumbs Up And subscribe to our channel that helps a so um lot. If you're you're you're if you're if you're listening via podcast or watching on Instagram on yardsticks Instagram, Instagram, Instagram, please so okay also do leave a comment if you can we would love love love to hear from you, uh well but it also helps us out a lot in getting the word out and.
7lc28xmGlKOlaUDcfuu6lH.txt: Do you do you do you own a business or have you been thinking about about about starting one? If so, um you know we're excited to share our free Guide Guide Guide to the 11 essential business tools that uh so successful entrepreneurs are using to to to run their businesses online go to www.sceeto.com for / like um create to access your your your free guide and turn your dreams into reality. That's wwwsoffcorg uh you know. Forward Forward Forward slash create. Begin right here. Yes. What a treat. I want to um you know stop being being being so nervous. Hi. I was I was I was here about six months ago and asked wanted to ask a question about attracting my partner. Let me just breathe.
0pKBbRxj9B38jXPSrcLlQN.txt: For over 300 years treasure hunters and adventurers have been searching for Blackbeard's so so so I mean fabled treasure. So far. Nobody has been able to find it Michael Rockefeller Rockefeller Rockefeller the youngest okay so son of then New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller was on on on a catamaran off the like so southwestern coast of what is now New New New Guinea when it flipped over he tried to swim like like to shore, but he was was was never seen again DB Cooper hijacked a Boeing. 7:27 extorted 7:27 extorted 7:27 extorted extorted extorted okay like two hundred thousand dollars in Ransom and then parachuted to to to an uncertain fate. These well so all have one thing in common, they're they're they're gone, but we're looking for them. And so like now we're working twice as hard hard hard as gone is now a weekly show in addition to okay um our regular regular regular shows every other Monday. You'll now get a special mini episode on off Mondays, but only on Spotify these mini episodes are a fun way to.
3RKtNIiuape3GM9cE1qePa.txt: I don't have the energy for this. Hello. Welcome to the podcast being broadcast uh uh uh so from the sunny City by The Long Beach. I am I am I am am am your host pain you know uh Rosales and thank you for joining me again on on on an episode of Inside the Mind um I mean the show where we interview local local local musicians and bands starting off now growing into bigger well um acts in the future future future today. I am joined by or joy. Joined with rather a um well local band band band called recoil and would you guys please introduce yourselves and say okay like which which which which instrument you guys play starting off with you? What up? What up? well um My My My name? My name is toothpick vocalist for recoil recall punks. You can find us us us okay you know on IG recall Punk's with an X with the X I can dig dig dig it. Yeah, well you know what's up? I'm Eric play the drums. Oh, yeah, he was like looking for help like.
7y3NnO1yRteCxsyPXNCypt.txt: Dad podcast. Yeah Olympic yeah Olympic yeah Olympic runner me into this occasion. Life Life Life is not that easy you know so. You need to keep her Smiles on but but but whether in your bed more targeted a uh I mean good mood, but today get about all Booka Booka and so Alpha in this life, and I said hi guys.
3FZTVYGt1ng1v2CeMVwAfP.txt: All right, all right, all right, so sitting here and Hooters in downtown Atlanta, we just just just got done watching the well I mean 2020 Olympic trials marathon and it Lana Elena Elena Elena Elena and man it was windy like I mean. It was super cold. We're going going going to get more into detail about that here soon. But so uh first a beer beer beer Joseph what you drinking? I'm having a Scofflaw called basement IPA. Go figure that's why I'm having to Cheers brother cheers podcast.
0EKaCL9rGymrGDaDG0EIhx.txt: And we're live another episode of athletic insights. We're joined here by our our our guests I mean um Jackson Bales and Connor Kelley Jackson. How you doing tonight? tonight tonight Doing pretty good like I mean. How are you? Good good, good good, good good, Connor, Connor, Connor, what's going on with you along grades? I uh okay thanks for having me me me and Jackson on no. I mean, I'm really excited. This is you know um the podcast podcast podcast. I originally wanted to do back in January. So it's really cool. Nice so nice nice nice so nice so I mean little full-circle moment for the three of us us us to finally be able to do this um um and on such a such a a a high note. Note. So for so for so for those of like so you you you listening at home both Jackson and Connor here are from Brockville and they'll um um um um both be playing in Nationals this weekend in Ottowa for men's you Sports Sports Sports basketball so I mean I mean Connor, why don't you just tell us a little little little bit about growing up and playing uh I mean for the blues with Jackson, Jackson, Jackson, you know, so like yeah, like I said it uh uh back on my first first first podcast like me and Jackson kind of started this thing together like a big part of that because of our dads are dads became.
79UUBMDM6mQiSVDRB3jDSq.txt: Welcome to pop and policies with your hosts are Jordan Davis. Thank you so you know know know I mean much for tuning in. You could have chosen another podcast to to to listen to you taking like well the time to listen to me. And And And so I am grateful and I do not take well um the opportunity lightly lightly lightly. This podcast this podcast this podcast is actually airing a year to the the the day after a so okay really bad car accident that left my car totaled. I was was was in a hard I mean like place of selfishness and self-reliance, but it it it really took that moment to Humble me um uh and for me to take a a a few steps back and really realize what are the I mean uh gifts that God God God has given me what has God given me to impact so um to make an an an impact and I instantly began to write. Okay connectivity. Okay this okay this okay this this this passion for you know so politics this desire to Enlighten and educate people about maybe the long-term or direct impacts that policy issues may have and.
4SGkaLYsGC84W6X1aqUuQg.txt: So here's a quick note before we get started. If you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor well well its easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free. There's creation tools that like um allow you to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or computer so um anchor will distribute our podcast for for for you. So it could be heard on you know I mean Spotify Apple podcast podcast podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast with no minimum minimum minimum like uh listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast all in one place place place. So download um you know the anchor app. For your phone or go to to to Anchor FM.com to get started. Well, um um howdy there internet people let's bow bow bow again. So tonight we're going to talk about uh well President Reagan fear love and and and a science-fiction cliche. There's a there's a there's a cliche in science fiction books and movies. It gets played out so often.
5ZYiMMejQwW4ULQIlA9Vvo.txt: Welcome to the hottest take my name is Chris Ryan. I am I am I I I am joined by uh you know Jason concepcin Juliet Littman and David Shoemaker and David David David you have before. I know um like that we fought the Revolutionary War for a reason reason reason but what this country well well needs is a king. Oh my God now listen listen listen. Listen, I'm not saying we need so well a monarch with absolute power. I'm not not not saying we need to go to like like some like Royal Dutch like diagnostic system system system. But look but look but look at England right now how um um much better would would would our political discourse be if we would just elect the king so like like like for every like a decade every 10 years. Donald Trump gets to be king king king so uh. But we have a like a boring-ass technocrat. Who's They're as prime prime prime minister is like you know actually making the decision, right? So he's so he's he's he's so he's have a guy who's a guy or um I mean a gal whose whose whose job is to go to NASCAR races and give speeches and like um set set set off. The first fireworks on the fourth of July. If you want to figure out is what I want a figure, how did.
18lig7ccnoUaQ5roIneR6v.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting uh okay okay okay your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard about anchor is is is I mean okay the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me let let let me let me explain it's free their creation so I mean tools that allow you to to to record and edit your podcast right from your uh I mean phone or computer. They'll They'll They'll distribute they'll distribute they'll distribute your podcast for you. So you can be heard heard heard on so like Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money from from from your podcast. No okay okay minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast podcast podcast in one place. So uh so uh so uh well download the free acre app app app or go to Anchored ifm to get started is beyond where I mean I mean you'll you'll you'll learn tips and techniques on the car buying. Process how to get the best deal deal deal what like like scans to watch out for and much more here's your host and and and one of the foremost well well Automotive business experts in the country does Chevy Davenport? Hey everyone, welcome back to beyond the.
05UNSFILbdikWm23lsKYFb.txt: Never heard about anchor its easiest way to make podcasts. Let me explain explain explain it's free so so. Those are creation tool that allows you to record and and and edit your podcast right from uh okay your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your podcast for you. So you can be I mean um heard on Spotify Apple podcasts podcasts podcasts and many more you can make money from your you know like podcast with with with no minimum will listen to ship. Everything you need to make podcast in one one one place I mean you know. You start your podcast download the free anchor app or go to incurred FM to get started. No more.
02Xspg91AD2xkKkhZq8JbW.txt: Do your do your do your fake laugh when you're like ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Welcome like well to our very first episode of our very first podcast it is called called called. Was uh uh it good for you? We're a comedy dating podcast in in in Victoria BC our theme I mean I mean song that you just just just heard is by a local. Band named Elvis freshly you can check well like out out out their new release. Y'all ain't no that is dropping everywhere Friday, March 6th you know know know I mean. Our theme song is called Bombshells. That's off their last. I want to say, is it EP or IP it CP right album. Yeah.
412MQ05nzDPeMOgXkULk8X.txt: What's up, y'all? Just wanted to take a minute and say if you've ever considered you you you know like starting a podcast now is definitely the time anchor is definitely the place place place I can't tell so like you how easy it was for me to start my my my podcast and get it up okay okay and running. Thanks to Anchor with a a a couple clicks of the button. I I mean I mean had my podcast out ready ready ready to go on Spotify Apple podcast and many other you know you know platforms again again again. It was so easy. I can do it from my phone from okay um my computer. It It It doesn't really matter. Whatever. Why I want to do I can do uh you know know know it. It's free absolutely free and they help you with sponsorships. They helped me okay okay okay uh with so much. They literally do it. All I can't think of a a a better place uh so to start a podcast for a beginner for for for a pro. It doesn't matter again I mean okay. So download so download so so so download the free app today or go to Anchor dot. F m-- well so to to to get started again download the app today. It's free, or you can like uh go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. So let's so let's so let's jump back into the podcast.
5ryyAOoLdlhPOPd1fMHyFA.txt: Again playing the game yet. I and welcome to the trailer or bit okay okay okay I mean of an introduction episode for the NRL super coach chat pod cast Jose Jose Jose here you know so. Thought I'd give you a bit of a rundown of of of what this podcast uh I mean is going to be about. Each week and give you you you a chance to subscribe and get yourself well you know set up for the the the upcoming NRL super coach season. So I've played Super kosher I mean like about seven seven seven years and I've spent a lot of time watching thinking reading listening uh you know know know to everything about the game The Players the trades the injuries and so I I I thought why okay like don't I give you my thoughts and try and give give give you some tips and tactics I mean like to players who might be just just just starting out or could use a bit of guidance each week and don't have the time to.
0Nu6AKWLtD0p45wytR21Ch.txt: This is this is this is Andre Dawson Hall of Fame from the Chicago Cubs Cubs Cubs and you're listening you know uh to the Dubuque area of baseball podcast featuring. Everybody's Everybody's Everybody's favorite coach. Go to management uh I mean follow him on Twitter at at at coach management. This podcast is produced on anchor where uh uh you can record record record edit and publish all from your smartphone. You can you can you can find well well well well the Dubuque area baseball podcast on Apple podcast Spotify and any other major podcast podcast podcast platforms like well Definitely the battery size. Welcome to buek area baseball podcast fans. We have now hitting three round three of the Dubuque area.
3SuGfoPpA0qhYAbgaubGag.txt: Hey guys, episode 1 Welcome to the rewired live podcast. I'm excited for for for this thing you know like to get launching. So hey, if we have not met, met, met, my name is Adam um okay Ludlow CEO and head coach of rewired Fitness comb comb comb. We are a fitness based community in North like so Spokane that does coach coach coach lead strength and conditioning this podcast is honestly something so I mean that's that's that's been on my mind for a while and it's time for it to to to go. So well like here we go with episode. I want to talk a a a little bit about why I mean like we're doing this and what to expect and who who who it's for. So let's so uh get right into it. The why the the the why the why honestly it's because one of our values that we've you you you know you know always had for our fitness Community that's six and a half half half years old is to always I mean uh be improving. So I so so so I so I see this podcast as an opportunity to improve communication to be able to be be a platform for talking about things.
7g9MfLsbXPj3g8crL30ot0.txt: Hey welcome. I am I am I am your host Sam and this is is is urban legends and other Dreadful uh okay Curiosities a podcast about urban legends legends legends coming from different cultures and other scary stories as um I mean well. Hey guys, guys, guys, what's up? Welcome to the fourth episode of urban legends and um well other other other Dreadful Curiosities. If you are new to this podcast, my name is Sam and I'm I'm I'm your okay so host and if you enjoy listening to this podcast, you can go follow follow follow it you know so on Spotify. So you would know when the next episode comes comes comes out, you know? Yeah, well yeah, well yeah, well um just saying, I'm not gonna gonna gonna lie this took forever to record like I had a hard time recording this because I kept rambling. I kept losing my.
3pd9Ak7rGhCbU4dBI9U54U.txt: Well, either freaks, it's your boy Marty been here to introduce this flash episode you know know know like of Tales from the Crypt sat down with our good friend Bitcoin Tina okay okay okay so to talk about the perfect storm of things that are happening in the world world world um well that are bullish for Bitcoin a lot going on right now particularly particularly particularly this week in uh okay American markets globally with the coronavirus reading I think you guys guys guys are gonna like it well you know quick one always bullish bullish as always with our our our good friend Tina. This episode like like is brought to you by the cash cash cash yet freaks are null. Um, I was actually had a so well friend reach out to me me me the yesterday the other not the other day yesterday well like. He was like, ah, ah, ah, let's see easiest way to buy Bitcoin. Remember you remember you remember you told me me me you know like download that what was it the cash yet? That's what I said said said. It's you it's you it's you know okay the easiest way to buy Bitcoin. He He He had to be refreshed his memory had like okay to be refreshed yesterday did a a a little video on my cell phone showing them um well how to buy Bitcoin. I I I did that thing where you record your screen went to the cash app scroll over to the squiggly line the.
6TAztFsHnWum0O87ePMuk7.txt: What's happening what's happening what's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 29 of the how how how to Hardscape podcast okay uh where we talk to you about how you can can can start and grow your hardscaping business you know you know and on on on today's episode episode 4 of the marketing week where every day we are okay like releasing releasing releasing an episode about marketing. We're going we're going we're going to be covering SEO SEO SEO for landscapers starting okay I mean a an SEO optimized website for your your your business and what you need to do to like um be able to track and Target Target Target keywords to show up as a Top of like you know search engine engine engine results. So without so without so without further Ado, let's get right into it getting into into into creating you know so a website. That is search engine optimized SEO optimized is something something something that I've I mean like been working on for the past 5 years at least least least now with creating websites and um like how two hearts keep was the next one one one in a series of websites like like that I've created and it's it it it is something that you know, if you put a little bit of effort into it and learn the.
0zHAfTbTclTiVKHDFTUNeu.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts co-hosts co-hosts on the like okay boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really really really do want to talk a you know so little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one one one moment. I have a script um so I will admit. So if you haven't heard heard heard about anchor is the easiest way to like um make a podcast, let me me me explain. It's completely free. There's creation tools that allow you to um so record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute distribute distribute I mean um your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple music um you know. A podcast apodcast apodcast my bad and many more you you you can make money from your podcast with you know you know no minimum listenership listenership listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one place um like. Anyways, let's let's let's get this rolling. Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome back to the the the podcast is the boys again I mean um. We got been your host host host Ethan Patrick. And of and of and of course me. We're all the hosts so like like like. Obviously. We got four main hose the four main host. We got a couple guests Merit of their co-hosts. We got we got we got Mitchell Preston.
5WWhk6Cldft2dR33GpGbXh.txt: So before we start the episode we should talk about anchor. Yes. It's so so so good so uh and how well for starters it's free and their creation tools that that that let you record and so uh edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer and anchor distributes your podcast everywhere to okay I mean Spotify Apple podcasts and many many many many more. So if you're looking to start your own uh so podcast look no no no further than anchor that's right. Speaking of podcasts right? Here's the I mean um happy happy happy hour. Frickin frickin Fricks. I slept until 9:00 today. Oh my God. Oh my you you you know uh God. I tried all we can to kind of maintain my West Coast time. So So So I you know okay thought I'd be up earlier today about is like I didn't even open my eyes until 9:00.
7xDULonmcp2zK8EArJeE9Q.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back to who's being the Funky Bunch. What's up guys? guys guys It's it's Colton like uh Emmett here Wiley, and if you're new to the podcast, podcast, podcast, this is a podcast um uh where we just talk about things that that that are kind of cool to us or like so relevant. What's on the the the deal today guys? So today we first we just want to well um thank you you you all. Listening and listening and listening and how much we appreciate it. We've We've We've gotten up to around 70 like I mean listeners. So it was pretty crazy crazy crazy. It kind of It kind of was a lot bigger than we expected 89 to be exact.
0OK5TCyZMt08fFPcDDMDFc.txt: Is Kahani cassava partner organic carbon discs accessibility yogurt. Nozaki, Samantha. Nahi Hai Zindagi Ki Ki Ki you know I mean Love To Go. Hi. Mexica. Hpw up simulate a carafe sake sake sake make the honey so like covid educator the Sally shook Kolkata airport World buddy tzc. Ataxia. They should come on Rock Lada.
4uJVL4hkW5sWPkYw4eol2F.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host Ed Makai time like you know know know major Nicole today on the show. We're going to be talking about gross rental rental rental yields I mean like in Parnell. Now, you might be wondering why are we we we talking about Parnell given that which I mean uh is an affluent suburb in Auckland Auckland Auckland given that it is probably not likely okay uh an investor suburb or a a a suburb that you'd actually invest in. Well a well a well a couple like I I I mean of weeks ago. I got I got I got the call-up from Westpac Westpac Westpac one of the large banks in New um so Zealand and they said can can can you comment on an article that we're writing for our website okay so so so where they were showing by the latest core logic data that the the median gross rental rental rental like you know yield on a three-bedroom house and Parnell is 2.2 percent. Whereas Whereas Whereas a whereas a whereas a one-bedroom I mean okay apartment and Parnell the gross yield for for for that is 5.1% and they said it can you give us some comment on this and which case they probably got more?.
3vT0kFkz2Gz8RDLJH3knzx.txt: You are listening to do includes live podcast with a McMillan and Becky um um um so Ward where we talk about doing your 20s in the 2020s. Hi guys. Thank Thank Thank so like you for joining us for our first ever episode of doing doing doing quarterly podcast. And this well like week. We are celebrating women. I'll is international Women's Women's Women's Day on Sunday the 8th of March, um uh so we thought it'd be be be a good opening topic as two female podcast. Has Amy what like like could stuff stuff stuff have you heard in the news this week? Okay, so okay, so okay, so I know know know um um in a moment you're going to be talking about a really really really huge piece of news like well that was covered in the media last week. So So So I thought it might be nice for you know you know me to start start start with maybe a slightly smaller you story that people haven't necessarily okay um heard heard heard about and I was scrolling through Twitter last week and stumbled across an article about about about you know so hair salons and basically a number of salons across the UK have been boycotting gossip magazines.
5BjgKDXBZRmM3rV8pCKG9U.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top ten this podcast. I'm your host Simon Whistler in in in okay um this podcast. What we do is we have top ten lists. These These These are the audio uh well versions of our videos that were originally published on YouTube YouTube YouTube. If you if you if you enjoy this show, please I mean uh do do do consider leaving us a review on Apple podcasts or Oye podcast. Also, um like you you you are say hi to me on social media on Instagram Twitter all of uh uh uh um that stuff. I am at Simon Whistler one word come and say hi to you you you know well me. Let me know how you liked this show and let's get into into into it like so. Hello. I'm Simon I'm Simon I'm Simon with Slayer you're you're you're watching top 10 internet. And in the video today. We're um like looking at at at the top 10 successful companies that started life as something totally different uh well well well most of us go through life and not knowing who we are or what what what we want okay I mean to do at least until a few decades in we we we go through many false well like starts and travel through many dead and paths paths paths until we find the one that's you know well truly right for us many many many companies are the same often times the most um you know successful corporations on earth started with one simple idea and are now vastly successful in a different area.
4BQe5d5kbC0KatVBhTDhBI.txt: Our dear listener. If you're if you're if you're listening to our podcast podcast podcast on able podcasts. Could you please take so well a minute and give us a five five five star rating? This would really help us you know okay to move forward. Hello everybody everybody everybody. I'm Maria and my name is Rory and we well you know are the hosts hosts hosts of the aisle speaking for Success podcast and next week on March the I mean mean mean you know 13th. We will be the host of the aisle speaking for Success webinar from from from you know well four o'clock. Until five o'clock Moscow time. Yes, this yes, this yes, yes, yes, this is the unique time when like so you can see Rory and myself our pretty pretty pretty faces and Rory will be doing a okay like full ayats speaking test test test. He'll crack he'll crack he'll crack jokes on his feet. So no so no no no so no preparation whatsoever I mean okay. It'll be fun. So please do join join join in we do need everyone to join in okay like. Okay. Absolutely. We really insisted everybody everybody everybody. Is there click on the link in the description and join in for today's topic very I.
4EoJISqKa3aZixWBOSbzW4.txt: Hello and welcome to handle eyes this. I am one of to Hannah's Hannah Hart Hart Hart. And well so today I am joined by extremely special guest Kevin McHale and and and Jenna ushkowitz you you know well might remember them from a little show called Glee Glee Glee or from their current phenomenal I mean uh hit podcast showmance. We are going to to to be talking about being in our okay okay 30s or newly 30 learning how to to to say no and hell, maybe we'll talk about you know okay cupping enjoy you guys. I I I don't know. Oh why I feel like nervous today, but I you know so feel feel feel nervous today, which I really yeah II don't know why I really um um um like don't know why listeners and earbuds what you weren't privy to prior to like like like um this was my frenetic trying to get ready Jenna and Kevin have been here here here for so okay 30 minutes. I said I said I said to all all all of this morning. I was like, oh I've just I mean you know got got got to make sure the podcast is set. There's nothing there's nothing there's nothing nothing nothing I hate more um you know than when you show up to somebody's somebody's somebody's thing and they're not ready for you. Yes, okay, but in theory the no you're right. It's there.
6ZLneTgiOiizfmgsDtf3DL.txt: Good morning church. How are you today? Are you fine? If you have fight fight fight say you know okay thank you. Jesus lift your hands and bless the the the Lord for his goodness and so uh mercy in your life. What a what what what a what a God we have to worship. What a son like you know we have have have to praise. What a future lies before us. Thank you, Jesus. You may you may may may you may well so be seated in his presence. I'm not I'm not I'm not not not sure if you are aware of well well what is on our Facebook page page page official Facebook page. There's a there's a there's a message for you I mean mean mean uh from my father in the Lord Prophet TB Joshua. He says you should get ready. For the shower of blessing if you have not seen it. You.
08RS6NQIGy9O2KyKVlCzdU.txt: All business all business bodybuilding with Joe Bentley just in Compton and Dominic Cardone Cardone Cardone Starts Now well um. What's going on guys? Welcome to welcome to welcome to to to all business bodybuilding. My name my name my name is Luke so so. I'm here with with with Joe Justin and Dom episode 24. How's it how's it how's it going going going guys? I'm doing I mean um good, man. Trying to wake up. Crazy, yeah, yeah, yeah, I had some good British food your head bangers and mash for the first.
4gaZmHUgWeaLy5ipNM3k4k.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN I mean mean mean you know of TV talk now. It was the buzz. Hi everyone. Welcome Welcome Welcome to the Riverdale after show you know uh. What a crazy episode that is what are are are some good stuff to talk about tonight okay you know. And so and so and and and so far first off we're gonna go with like just this whole jugged you know uh uh uh 30 drama mystery. There's so there's so there's so much going on. It's Tony's Tony's Tony's are up to their like well normal Shenanigans and then I'm gonna tie up some some some of the other little things at well so the end and then of course at at at the end. And we'll be doing our um like class clown class president. So if if if you guys have a class clown class like okay present for this episode, please please please start sending them in in the live chat. I am like I mean Katie. I I I am flying solo tonight everyone. So please join me in the I mean like chat chat chat if you have some thoughts so that I can also cut you as you you you guys well so as my co-host because I will be relying on you greatly tonight. So So So first off you know so what a way to start this episode in the sense that we didn't have Jughead narrating it and that really.
1GOXInXdJrluLuLywx5NzP.txt: Before we before we before we kick this episode off. I want to take a a a second to talk you know you know about Brandon bills. They gave us us us a great opportunity. And honestly, and honestly, and honestly, we could have done okay so so so it without you guys. So thanks so thanks so thanks for everything and like my new new new front tooth. We also we also we also uh you know have a a a new promo code its roots 15 use it to purchase any okay okay okay okay apparel from Brandon bills and help your favorite podcast. Now, let's get into into into this um um episode. It's like it's not fucking funny. Are you gonna fucking fix fix fix it? Hi um uh guys, welcome back to Roots podcast. We're starting. I love Taking Chances 45 seconds. Thank you. Little Ruth. Please stay strong.
7eQWHIABJH51ssUAgCkzPg.txt: Hello and welcome to the ICC inside of podcast. This is Ruth from from from ACC so well media today. I'm joined by a New Zealand crew. I've got got got Luke Pettigrew Gareth McGuire and athlete uh you know Gemma route joining us and we we we going to talk about All Things New Zealand okay I mean CrossFit and how they're they're they're going to be covering the ACC this year. So like so welcome guys Luke Luke Luke. I might I might I might start with you if that's okay. We've been I I I mean you know chatting a fair bit over the last couple of months about about about you guys so uh. Me across to cover this event. Tell us tell us us us tell us more about yourself. Um, yeah, um, yeah, um, yeah, so I like like like okay was born and raised in Taipei Taiwan lived there for 17 years. Then you you you know uh I moved over to New Zealand and continued to kind of Follow that path with that prostitute passion. Let me do it for around eight years now.
6gKng0Ky1G2t3RogjU0BJu.txt: Welcome to from borderline to beautiful podcast. I'm your host Rose eaters in each each each episode. We uh so are going to tackle tough topics gain valuable insight and learn learn learn tools that you so like can apply to your life to provide hope hope hope and help for you or a loved uh well one with BPD. I have have have been working as a licensed professional counselor and you know uh nutrition and mindset mindset mindset coach for many years. I am I am I am the CBO of an an an online counseling you know uh and coaching business Thrive mind-body. We help frustrated individuals resentful resentful resentful couples and disconnected okay so families navigate through tough times. I love the work that that that I do so much that I wanted to share my own story and struggles with mental illness with you. Any hopes,.
3AnL6C1jqZjEbYKhgFmoOr.txt: Hi everyone. This is Cushy and this is Erica. We are from Tata Institute Institute Institute of uh um social sciences who have t and we present to you goonch goonch goonch go to you know you know the podcast where we plan to discuss issues issues issues in and around our campus from current social well well concerns to to to pineapple on pizzas and everything else in between you plan on conducting interviews like you know know know with guests from both within and outside of our campus. We also plan like like like so on having discussions and debates on a Wide range of topics we have something something something for so you know our listeners as well. We will we will we will will will be having fun contest for our listeners as I mean okay well as a a a few surprise segments. I hope all this mess will join us on okay I I I mean this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to I mean uh uh uh tune in to goonch. Wide range wide range wide range of topics we have something for for for our listeners as um like well. We will be having fun contest for for for our listeners as well as a uh uh few surprise segments. I hope all this this this mess will join us on this journey filled with laughter happiness and knowledge, so guys, don't forget to tune in to goonch.
0GhKpVQxZbFpsKCUpSXiEl.txt: This is your everyday positivity here on Vale. Hello. I'm Kate Crocker. I hope um I I I mean you're well today. Do you think you are challenging yourself enough? I I I had I had I had a moment this you know like week with my my my coach about accountability and I was really surprised. It's always it's always it's it's it's always well like really surprising when you think I've got that bit sorted and I'm always really really really good um I mean at that and then someone asks you a question question question and you go always like you know well that. I think I'm good at that or or or the time actually good at that so I have been you know you you you know challenged this week and And it's hard. It's hard pushing yourself through through through those challenges. It feels uh you know uncomfortable you get that vulnerable feeling around around around your heart and you your instinct says right you know okay. I need I need need need I need to move away from this. I don't want to go there t t t uh well harv Eker in his book. The millionaire mindset says life life life gets easy uh um when you do the hard stuff and challenging yourself is about about about doing the hard stuff you know you know. So something is really challenging you at at at the moment leaning take it on and know that when you come out the other side.
5214ErqOIK2cGVKXHjtlMT.txt: Hey guys, super excited about today's podcast before I talk about today's podcast go like uh uh uh to youtube.com slash Gary Vee. I'm super fired up about weekly V O8 I I I said like I mean last time I promoted weekly be I can't believe the comments comments comments people are um well kind of like sit down like TV watching style style style throwing it on the smart I mean well TVs and things that nature. I'm super super super flattered super excited about it. This weekly this weekly this weekly uh um be be be a super loaded with a bunch of podcasts action between Damon John and sampar, okay so so so then there's a really epic. A meeting ameeting ameeting I had with the Minnesota rocker rocker rocker. That is you know so the team that I own in the Call of Duty League League League the minority owner along with uh well the event Vikings ownership group, Minnesota Minnesota Minnesota rocker meeting really interesting gets into my mindset about well so business and and and operations and marketing of kind of a startup. There's some Vayner Sports Action at at at well uh the combine and there's a really fantastic podcast. I did I did I I I did with an incredibly credibly fresh you know uh fashion brand called mad happy that's in in in the hoodie space doing a lot of interesting stuff. We got into some real shit there.
3H7eFmLeSCd65lX4dAXIzZ.txt: All right guys, if you're anything like me then you are all too good good good at like well procrastinating and you know what 2020 not about that. I wanted I I I wanted I wanted to make this podcast um okay forever ago. And finally I'm I'm I'm starting I'm using anchor as my platform. Anchor is the you know like easiest way way way to make a podcast. Let me explain. It is free totally free. Its well well well well creation tools are super easy to use and it allows you to record record record and uh so edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute your your your podcast uh so for you so it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple podcast and many you know okay more platforms you can make money from your your your podcast right away with no minimum listenership like um guys. It's that good. Okay, Okay, Okay, it's everything you need to make a podcast in one uh so place, please please please download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- fm-- fm-- to uh so get started. Trust me. You will not regret it. Hey guys, guys, guys, welcome back uh well to my podcast or Thea here. What what? How's it going? Happy Monday or whatever day you're listening to this.
12QHLLbO3cGKnQcFgcUcnZ.txt: Hi and hi and hi and welcome to worldwide with kbdb with your host host host me to me. If you okay you know follow me on Instagram at at at knowing better doing better. Then you then you then you will know that I like like like uh post regular devotionals in the mornings to encourage us with the word of God God God. And like well that is basically the whole heart of this podcast will be looking looking looking at real life okay uh scenarios and situations, but the End of that, we'll be using using using and speaking very specific well you know scriptures that we can use in those those those challenges. My heart behind this is that like you know as we go through through through tests and trials which we can't obviously avoid but well you know we will our mindset mindset mindset that we would go through it will be different you know uh. I am am am I am I am so convinced and I have been challenged myself to apply the word word word so I mean of God when I've been going through challenges situations and interceding for others and so.
5WeGGurhgoXNbWPsI50WpW.txt: All right, one, two, three, four five little bow walk fresh it down. Yes. How's How's How's you how's you how's you know you know the big man? I don't I I I don't I don't know 90 job that will spot you suspected well okay of mind has has has been on the minds to working for real until right. Now you off well like social social social media. What's their apart? You're going you're going you're going straight into it. It's It's It's a whole bunch of I mean so things. But I think for me the most most most important thing is just to like get like um focused packable and I thought in in in the beginning I thought I'll take it back. But you know I I I mean then I realize it sounds like they really I need to eat your your your because life like um has now came to revolve around it. And what intrapreneurship does is that it takes you away from so many things takes away from.
6Ydh7UyPexAz0lKXwToZUJ.txt: Hey guys, what's up? And welcome back to the art of cooking babka last week um um um uh. I went to Munich and it was a great weekend. I spend spend spend the weekend there you know so to do a keynote talk also was a part part part of a panel and yeah had well um a good time in general so good good good to be back right now and let's start um okay off with a brand brand brand new podcast. This time I've invited Matt angleman and he says like like it's it's it's not the first time that he's in this podcast. It's actually the second I mean mean mean okay I guess he is the I think he's the vice president of Atlantic Records Records Records. But yeah, but yeah, but yeah, I'm not running 100% sure, but I think he is.
2JdJDvmLZmvPs6utmjPf7w.txt: Hey, what's going on guys big Duke here. Just wanted to give okay well well well you a quick update. Unfortunately, I'm gonna not going to be able to to to make the I mean you know podcast tonight. I was stuck in Philadelphia Philadelphia Philadelphia all weekend was trying to leave yesterday, okay so but there was a boot on on on my car because if you've ever watched a any so well Parking Wars, they're not operating operating operating on Sundays. So I've so I've so I've been stuck in Philadelphia. I you know you you you know just got free this morning Monday morning, and now I'm heading back home. So So So like I said, like uh I'm Fortunately, I won't be on the podcast. Have a good good good time guys and man uh so. I got to get my shit straight. Hopefully I get to talk to you guys next week.
6Jbvjbkq0U8Yi0FDlmFsxW.txt: Pea pod people engineer Adam here jumping in for a quick second to let you you you know okay you know about the brand-new all-in-one platform for all of you creative creative creative podcasters um like out there. Anchor makes it easier than ever to make a a a podcast. It's free to use um you know and has all the creation tools tools tools. You need to record and edit your podcast right I mean um from from from your phone or computer plus anchor will get your podcast set up on on on okay I mean Apple Spotify Stitcher wherever podcasts are found even better Anchor helps you you you I mean um connect with sponsors, even if you're just starting out. It's the the the perfect choice for so you know podcasters. So make sure to check it out download download download the free anchor a poor okay okay. Go to Anchor dot. F m-- to to to get started. That's a and C hor dot so okay f m-- back back back to the show. Consequence podcast Network Hello Party People Leo Phillips here with this must be the.
5cqBpjqX1V0qF2bjTWkfrE.txt: I saw a gator shakes at the cutting ties really show at Blackboard McKees McKees McKees Rocks well like. They were they were they were that dude is no I I I didn't see them. I saw him do okay um a feature on a cutting cutting cutting ties song. He's the best frontman. He was he was he was uh um um um so good like yeah a very energetic and his voice like a buzz saw saw saw like okay so it was crazy voices just doesn't quit. Yeah, his like like like stage presence is fucking I mean so Amazing. Yeah, like yeah, like yeah, like wife's wife's wife's I keep seeing his picture on Facebook because it's just uh like always like people you you you may know and then I see him and it's like him singing um well while while while he's like hanging cling to it. We're like crawling on the floor. Yeah, um you you you know I think yeah, they're at their Christmas show. He was he was he was was was like have like you know uh a sin a coat on and like the the the first note of the first song you know um He's already got the mic out out out of the mics and it has got the mic like like stand up up up here. Just good goddamn on a Gators laying around at that shit was I love you. So I love.
6rO13qfRQxsbx7lEOb8qlH.txt: Are you going to love this one? I put out so much content that if I I I mean uh you listen to my stuff for free every single day if you listen listen listen to one so okay of my pieces of content, there's over 10 years worth of content content content. There's over okay I mean tick like you can listen to me once a day day day for 10 straight years okay so and not have to pay nothing. But But But guess but guess but guess what happened in those okay so 10 years Cam Cam Cam Newton start listening to me and middle school and high school. Then he he he went like um to Auburn and told the coach to come get me. Then he went went went to well okay the pros and told the coach. I got to speak after after after all these kids you know well in the hood who didn't have fathers. I became I I I became I became their father on Instagram. So when they okay you know went went went to the NBA they Daddy with him when I went to the okay well NFL NFL NFL. They took their daddy with them when they became preachers and start I mean mean mean I mean a church when they became CEOs or execs at companies when they look for a trainer it wasn't that I was.
1i5pgKU3VlqS8jiII1EZZL.txt: Here Comes so bad at in and out down the lane inside. He's been been been he's been he's been to the you know so station. The senior the last last last time Hey guys, welcome into the player's perspective on okay like sensor with Larry Larry Larry O'Bannon. Glad that you guys are tuned in with me today. Got a a a you know well special episode lined up. You guys always appreciate you guys support and and and I really mean that you know so from the bottom of my heart and I can't can't can't say thank you enough on you know I mean today's episode. We're joined by former former former NBA guard and Louisville Hall of Famer the wild wheat now, it's a special pleasure for me to have the wine. We Don episode.
1OhV8h2qzqSTJsTbEoZ2g9.txt: This audio this audio this audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download download download our so um app today and get access to thousands of free book and and and audio book well you know summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to to to them while working out like I mean or commuting to work and get get get the key insights of books in minutes instead of you know um hours. Go Go Go to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of of of well well best job ever by dr. CK Bray written by Alyssa Burnett and quick quick quick read narrated okay so by Jim D Johnston introduction when people ask you what you you you do for a living do so um you joyfully say I have the the the best job ever? Probably not right. In fact that answer wouldn't be true for most of us because the sad.
6ciBUflvfzpBg1vIRvyMUu.txt: SS wo sS wo sS wo PES my crew my boo my we'd we'd we'd be best so ahead of my time like I mean. You can't see me yet yet yet. But the last thing you'll ever see is me be so I mean stressed stressed stressed everybody. How are you? Hey, I don't even know how to start. It's well well well well nice to be back again. It is coming up on spring time and I'm uh I I I mean excited about that because it's going to be nice warm weather. Sometimes I like like like to so well say that I like cold weather, but I think I like warm warm warm every now you know okay and then and there's some big changes that that that are coming up for me. I can't I can't I can't you know know know you know quite sure. I mean I can share them. I've just decided not to to to so so for quite some time. But once I do decide to share promise, promise, promise, you'll well I mean understand why it's a pretty big life change. I'm I'm I'm not pregnant don't even assume so, um okay but I'm definitely making making making a little change. I would say little I guess but like um pretty big big big change in life, so I came to share that with you all but instead of just dwelling.
7Jcu2vnGXdyAyOciUrYvT8.txt: Welcome back to emerge today's guest probably needs no introduction. For those of you who who who I mean I mean have been following the podcast for some time as speaking with Robert Robert Robert Keegan I mean um Robert or Bob Keegan. It has a long history of of of working in the field of adult so like development. And if and if and and and if you're not familiar with Bob's work, you will be after listening to so like like like this show. We do a kind of Action to his work an overview of of of the okay well 5 stage model that he created and that has been been been studied empirically for the okay so last 40 years. And the reason why why why I wanted to talk to Bob like I mean Keegan isn't just because you you you know, he's kind of a huge inspiration for me but I mean uh also also also because I wanted to have his voice in the mix at the very beginning of this.
6MFIpWGdp7PJzMvhkhObQa.txt: Hi dear students. This is dr. Sam. Sat with my morning pep talk for for for I mean well you. And today I want to talk about something called as as as Legacy. Now. What okay you know do we mean by Legacy? Now? What What What I know for sure is that people like okay like us, you know, when when when I say us I mean all of us medicos, like like I mean people like like like you people like me people who opted to become a doctor okay like because because because of a sub. Conscious calling in transparent Don't medical profession was never an easy so so so well profession. And I'm sure you all were aware of it that we are opting uh I I I mean for something which is a tough profession. We all we all we we we all had our you know, older okay um brother or brother's friend or a a a senior. You all had somebody with a when we go well uh home. We We We went to talk in our class to and then he or she told us that they too muscular for still be continued.
00DkMSm0fRH9TpwtvJL4N0.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of TV well well well well Todd. Now look the buzz. So excited season 3 episode 9. This episode this episode this this this episode was well you know insane you guys I'm your host DJ. Unfortunately Ally unfortunately unfortunately unfortunately Ally unfortunately Ally couldn't be with us tonight, but we'll well so see her her her back next week and I'm here with my lovely well uh co-host co-host co-host a b'nai Chatman. Oh my goodness. A lot alot alot of things are up uh you you you know on this episode of Siesta Key up and down up and down down down literally honestly, okay um I mean. So who so many things happened on this episode that that that we need to unravel, but like um this episode opened up with ish and and and Madison, which was interesting. It was interesting seeing is I mean uh back in in in town. He's back for a little bit unfortunately has to go uh okay out to to to Canada for another few months. I'm about to see him in the episode. I'm glad to see that Madison got her little ish fixed.
1UMDHZXjPuxIVnYyAS76fn.txt: Hey, baby, girl. It seems you been. Having a hard time sleeping. Why is is is that? you know well You need me to help you relax. Hmm I I I always kept telling you you have um okay to really focus on. Not trying trying trying to stay up all the time, you know. It's well you know good to to to be able to get rocked to sleep. You know that. I thought you might. You bet happy look on your face, you know.
6GkMo84lpcM4pwA46A25R6.txt: The great doll clothes everywhere both to the left and to the right it loves loves loves okay like and nourishes all things but does not Lord it over and when when when merits are you know you know accomplished it lays no claim Namaste world. I'm so grateful grateful grateful to welcome you well like to another episode of the real you a podcast podcast podcast about finding your true self for strengthening you know so your mind taking care of of of your body listening to your soul and cultivating your okay um spirit. My name is Caleb Caleb Caleb and this your boy Events will be your guides the uh um real you. And And And today in episode 2 Our intention is going to be I mean well helping each each each other and you are audience develop an indomitable mindset by understanding the power uh uh uh uh of why why is the foundation that will keep you going when you want to to to quit sure. Why is a greatest tool for success? I just want to give a quick.
4N7XQ9t8ApWhfdONtrnCrU.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm host host host Simon you know I mean Whistler. This is the audio version of our video show on on on YouTube. If you you know um want to go look it up there and see see see the video version of these uh um you can do that. If you're enjoying this this this show. Please do head over to um okay Apple podcasts or ever you get your your your podcasts and leave us a review. It would well well be kind of you and and and let's get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're um uh watching top top top 10s. And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 you know know know you know horrifying facts about the American Mafia. Number 10 more than the the the mafia in America organized um well crime has become almost synonymous with with with the mafia. Thanks to a combination of Pop Culture I mean well a few standout celebrity celebrity celebrity criminals and ethnic stereotyping. Although these Sicilian derived Mafia May comprise um so the best best best known organized crime groups in the United States. They are far from the okay okay okay you know only game in town during the glory years of Mafia activity a hybrid Italian Jewish Coalition known as Murder Inc operated a lucrative contract.
2qtYR4mTvGwbipZHPznqrX.txt: In the same way that virtue is your natural tendency to do good a I I I mean I mean virtuous friendship is the natural tendency to reflect the virtue virtue virtue of the other person. Welcome to I mean I mean the university Catholic. Welcome Welcome Welcome back welcome back welcome back to the podcast. My name is nacho. I'm you you you know uh Thomas. I'm Kylie and this week we're talking about friendships for filing the the the um okay kind of pattern that we've had two weeks ago. We talked about intentionality intentionality intentionality I mean like and last week we talked about it. Chastity and this week week week we're talking about friendships and like um next week. We're talking about a surprise. But But But before we get into okay I mean all that Kylie, I believe you have have have a joke for us, right? That's you know I mean the natural succession is its relationships than friendships than surprised by the way, if you didn't get which kaileena.
4YAqzEeXk5EVO8fwYzvuw7.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, welcome to the first episode of a grain grain grain of salt nutrition podcast you know I mean with your host me Brett Brett Brett and Cara bullosa. Thank you guys so much for you know well tuning in in in in today's episode. I want I want I want to mainly jump into the the the who what uh uh why when and how of this podcast. So before before before you decide to listen to me, well like let me at least help you understand who who who I am. I've been an so okay RD for about 5 years now now now. I've worked in many different places. I started off so uh at a nursing home from from from there. I was I was I was able to go into a clinic like you you you know Uncle setting working at New York Presbyterian Hospital finally I made it to to to the like okay Private Practice World, which is really where I wanted to to to be I was you know well able to sit with people for longer periods periods periods of time we set realistic goals, we had I mean like follow-ups and and and we were able to see each other for a bit more than um you you you know five or ten minutes and you're working in the clinical setting you're able to squeeze squeeze squeeze in like like a couple minutes in between the doctors. The patients are really really really tired at this you know okay point because they've been here for a while and then then then I come in and tell them why they can't have salt so it's kind of hard to make.
6ozhgcMOI6Qi9pUVyQUHWQ.txt: Slap the floor with this. You're still we going with it. Hello. It's It's It's over. This uh so is a podcast. This is the the boys podcasts podcasts podcasts and I'm here with my to co-host a you know okay one of of of us. One of our Coast couldn't make it but I'll let you I mean you you you know guys to introduce yourself Oscar what you just introduce yourself first. Wait, I have a a a well okay question. What's your question? Okay. So you said you had to co-host and and and one okay I mean of them couldn't make it. Yes one of us the the the other co-host. Matthew couldn't matthew couldn't matthew couldn't like like make it so so so you two you're both your co-host your math isn't working here um um buddy one just four four four of us. Yes could cope he co-hosts. Are you have to co-hosts that one of them? Yeah. Yeah, I've shut up. Alright.
0d2XEvk44IImTQKQM7fA0b.txt: Hi and welcome to the well-read man podcast where we talk about about about why reading okay so and friendship matter for women and how to make space in in in our lives for it you know uh. I'm Marcy Stockman and author speaker and and and founder of well-read mom. My passion is uh so to help women read read read more and read well and also to encourage us to make time I mean well well well for leisure friendship and literature to view our booklets or join a group I I I mean okay near you visit while red knob.com. Hello, this is Janelle and and and Nicole co-directors of um well well-read Mom. Thank you so much for joining us on today's today's today's podcast. We're excited you know you know to delve into some of the the the frequently asked questions that are members and leaders um um asked so we'll get started right away away away. The first the first the first question that came from our members this I mean mean mean uh year and some of our leaders was can you help me understand understand understand the membership like well terms meaning when women join? Well, where'd mom we asked them to agree to a certain way of doing things?.
1iqN3P44yJmB4YdIwGmgmj.txt: Hi everyone, hi everyone, hi everyone, Welcome to our podcast PB and chill. We're your your your we're your we're your hosts Pooja and bhavana. We're um we're um we're um uh both both both juniors in college from Buffalo New York, and we grew up as best best best friends like so and although we share a lot of experiences. We still we still still still we still have our own take on I mean okay every situation and we're here here here coming at you live from poojas basement. We're uh like not live. Okay. We're We're We're here coming at you not live from pooches basement door. Reflect I reflect I reflect reflect reflect I mean like on these situations with you. We hope we hope we hope you you you enjoy this episode of tv like like and chill. Thanks for listening. Hey Hey Hey everyone. Happy March Welcome to our third you know well episode of PB and and and chill in this episode. We are going to be talking about the okay okay okay I mean necessity of romantic relationships in college. The reason I want to do do do this particular okay you know episode is because I had a dream I literally had had had a had a dream okay uh where I was doing this podcast with Bob and I was basically sitting down now was asking Bob and uh, we both were not.
6umHHB6iqzHLXLypmVSSsp.txt: Hello friends, thank you for listening in today the theme of this first um um um um episode in a series is one that I consider really foundational as you know, you know know know uh my goal with pondering purple is to help missionaries kids and the people who who who love um um them to better understand the complexities that drive us the the the gifts and the challenges uh uh the joys and the frustrations of growing up in a a a multicultural Ministry focused and uh like complicated environment. Ain't there was a time when when when I wasn't aware of the well well differences that came from growing up between worlds worlds worlds and of the push and pull um so of the happy and the hard then then then I went to a school for missionaries kids um well in Germany when I was was was in ninth grade, and I quickly came to realize that those so you know know know indefinable differences. I hadn't quite been able to put a finger on we're not not not just okay so in me my friends at Black Forest Academy exhibited really similar traits. That's where my fascination with MKS and they're complex identity begins.
6mNwrNcpawoHXzfsnJC4X3.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series. The The The um the um the um so knowledge is focused on helping you change change change your life in four key areas retaining the okay uh information that I teach personal personal personal growth improving your relationships. And of and of and of course re attracting your your your eggs so I mean available now at ask Greg dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig Craig Craig Kenneth. And in like you know today's video. I'm going to be talking to you you you about am I dating an avoidant? Okay, well well so I know there are are are lots of new people that discover my channel every so well day and every week week week and so the information can be very overwhelming obviously Margaret and I get into a lot of the deep-rooted issues. Sometimes we get on.
1n9EmyhffBSG0SQ9bBf1sq.txt: What's up - Lapham. Welcome to taking sides the marriage podcast with Dylan and Ashlee of of of uh like the - Lee's we are on a high right now. We just just just filmed one podcast with uh okay one of my heroes in this world Ralphie Jacobs from from from taking from taking sides from um like Simply on purpose - we should ever on this this this podcast. So that's going to be on like well big little life right right right now. We have all of your emails. We're just going like you know to go through through through them answer them with our heart. I'm really trying to answer these like so well well well for you guys down and I are just two normal people. Or well so and we we we have our own struggles. So we're just going to tell you what uh like we we we would hope that we would do in these situations. We would we would we would hope hope hope that we well so would do and will also tell you what we we we have done which was probably okay like what we hoped. We wouldn't do combined combined combined with some things. We've learned in marriage therapy and okay um books and all that good stuff stuff stuff. So without so without so without further Ado, let's get started by okay you you you know do it looks of mine with the stuff from books. Hey everyone, you're listening to taking sides with the - Lee's a show where couples and.
4V6QMOrPFxkCXqUWpFW6L0.txt: Hi, everyone. This is dr. Sachs mother had sessions will be back with a brand brand brand new like uh episode next week. But if you need something to tide you you you over until then there's another so I mean show that I think you'll really like like like. It's called it's called it's called love letters and it's one of my favorite favorite favorite you know like podcasts love letters is hosted by Meredith Goldstein advice advice advice columnist for the Boston um uh Globe on every episode of the show Meredith Meredith Meredith asked a complicated question about well uh relationships and shares real. Is from people grappling grappling grappling with the same question in the episode? You're well like about to hear hear hear Meredith tells the story of a single mom trying to figure okay um out how to to to introduce her young daughter to a new person. She's dating if um like you you you liked this episode, you can hear every episode of Love Letters on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. One of my close friends Lauren is a single.
6dJEEXH6MAG6o41BcrhRg9.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome to ocbc insights. I am Terrence who effects effects effects strategies at you know you know ocbc treasury research and strategy. I will be covering covering covering FX topics in ocbc I mean uh insights on a regular basis. Now, let now, now, now, let now, let us start for today's session the FX Market cannot I mean mean mean like escape from the covid-19 related upheavals and we are now essentially experiencing a round round round to you know okay hit in terms of global risk sentiment. After the covid-19 situation situation situation spread Beyond so uh China into different parts of the world. If you look look look at our effect sentiment you know okay index it now stands at extreme risk risk risk of level and three interesting things about well um how risk sentiment has evolved evolved evolved to the current situation. Number one. This is actually the first time we hit out right wrist off since the covid-19 episode started.
6M5xuMk0e1sIrqf0Vmwq1T.txt: All right. So let's I just want to say thank you. If you're tuning tuning tuning in well like and you're hearing this, thank you. That means you're supporting that means means means I'm getting well I mean out there. Today's Wednesday the 4th tomorrow will be the the the fifth. So I look like okay forward to my first podcast. My first guest is going going going to be my home gym like well ball good dude, old-school graffiti artist from the the the streets to kind of group grew up so um a lot about them, but I I I will definitely hear that story tomorrow and that's well you know episode 1 so let's get get get this together and do it. All right, all right, all right, if you're listening, thank so so so um you for tuning in. This is the first show of the Hobbies G G G show number one I mean you know episode one starring season one starring German German German ball. Sorry Javi. Gee, I'm gee, I'm gee, I'm just fucking a you know know know okay guest. Well, that's my guest. I mean is my brother that I mean, I grew up with this. Why didn't why didn't why didn't grow up with.
1nngnyxLEC5YuDjgTuRrKr.txt: Ladies and gentlemen roads, welcome to the no soliciting experience. I am your I I I mean um host and ask her of questions Rick Martinez. I'm your I'm your I'm I'm I'm your favorite meme stir uh like. Let's be real what a joke. Look listen, listen, listen, let's talk sales. Let's talk about uh so funny. It's let's talk to the the the best in the industry. Let's ask let's ask let's ask him some stuff well well well well. See what makes them tick how they got to where they are. Today Today Today. Today's you know uh gas is going to take you back to school. So So So take out a pen and so okay paper take some notes because I had had had the dopest and most insightful conversation with door-to-door well well solar Savage. Fellas and ladies ladies ladies. She is a beast many of try to compete with uh I mean her. Short Short Short story they kind of lost. She took him to school and beat them for their lunch money. Now. Let's welcome.
04Llj5QjDot46TEDGj7lbI.txt: Like I was as I was saying you don't go through the trauma unscathed like like like okay on the outside. I was successful smart lawyer on the inside. I was a a a self-loathing like uh woman with no self-worth the decisions I made in relationships to to to decisions that I so you know didn't make because of my fear was all because because because of this 18 months so you know of my life. Welcome everyone. My name name name is Kapil guy and you're tuned in like okay to the finding perspective podcast where where where we share stories and get into deep conversation well um with the intent intent intent of educating our listeners to new insight new ways of thinking and of of of like okay course New Perspectives. So today I have a very special guest with me. Her name her name her name is Vanessa. Jazz. Vanessa is a.
1RgnPIj7xYVWrVAgPrMk2e.txt: Thanks for listening to the derivative. This podcast is provided for informational purposes purposes purposes only and should um I mean not be relied upon as legal business business business investment or tax advice all opinions expressed by um I mean podcast participants are solely their their their own opinions and do not necessarily reflect the opinions well like of RCM RCM RCM Alternatives their Affiliates or companies featured do to Industry regulations participants on this podcast well well well I mean or instructed not to make specific trade recommendations nor reference pass their potential potential potential. Pets like pets like pets like uh and listeners are reminded that managed managed managed Futures commodity trading and other alternative Investments are complex so you know and carry a a a risk of substantial losses as such they are not suitable for you know um all investors investors investors. Welcome to the derivative by our Sam Alternatives where we dive into what okay you you you know makes alternative Investments. Go analyze the strategies of unique hedge fund managers and and and chat with interesting well like guests from across the investment World. Alpha is a process for you. You're never arrived. It is the constant process of trying to be.
33dkjj1Bz9SXc6BKd4cDld.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome to our latest episode. I'm Vivian. One of the co-hosts of of of you know okay the pulse podcast today. We have jaxxed odered. Most recently the the the past Chief Operating you know well Officer of Haven and chief strategy officer officer officer and Chief Operating Officer of Accolade. Our purpose our purpose our purpose you know know know like is to capture the pulse of healthcare Innovation that spans Business Leaders and and and others uh you know across the Healthcare Community. We are super excited to have have have Jack join us today I mean like. Jacques is a senior operating leader with over over over two decades of experience applying technology I mean like data science people and design thinking seeking seeking seeking to improve the Healthcare System. You have had well okay an impressive career transfer me me me healthcare companies. Can you give us a brief summary uh um of your career path path path today? And what were the key career Transitions and decisions you you know I mean mean mean made along your journey? Sure. Well, it's thank you for inviting me. It's great to be here. I.
1G02hUDmyMFk1aKts60uPC.txt: Hi guys, welcome to love growth and freedom with Adrienne white death. This podcast okay okay okay so is all about life and all things that comes with it. This is is is a safe like okay space to be vulnerable to talk about love inspired growth and and and encourage Rita join so uh me in rediscovered life complexities that make things worthwhile worthwhile worthwhile. Hey guys, welcome to love gold and so you know freedom with Adrian Dwight that that that so this podcast will be all about all kinds of okay like love. The love we we we have for ourselves hashtag self love and the love we have I mean like for for for friends and the love we have for a significant other and all the um well well well things that could mean love for anyone. So let's not forget anything from dogs dogs dogs parents I mean like families friends, whatever. We want we want we want want want love to be and you would also be talking you know so about any kind of of of growth for me a career to a physical state so like to your Total Total Total emotional state because we all know that life can throw a things that we're not ready for we're not.
6WYuI0Ta7Rdw4WaPs0XxaG.txt: Welcome back. It's March 6th. And today's dictionary.com word of the day is the so so word word word tantamount spelled ta n ta M. OU NT. It is an adjective meaning equivalent uh uh uh well as in value Force effect or signification used in a sentence. His angry angry angry speech was you know um tantamount to a declaration of war tantamount comes from either either either an anglo-french or Italian you know well term. ERM translating eRM translating eRM translating translating translating as to amount to as much tantamount is not to be um uh uh uh confused with the similar sounding word Paramount an adjective. That means Chief and importance importance importance are I mean well impact supreme or preeminent as in she made a a a point of Paramount significance. However, both so you know tantamount and Paramount can can can be traced all timidly to the Latin add momentum or up okay like to the hill either way tune in tomorrow for a new word of the day episode.
5bXgUHNbzbHLzbatx4Qxwq.txt: What's going on folks? It's CTE here. And I'm bringing you the first official official official like um episode of the UFC New Era chat pod cast we're going to to to have some chat members uh so on we're going to talk about UFC 248 is is is e versus Romero. It's going down soon well okay. You know you know you know know know what it is roll the music. New Era podcast, I got a I mean okay okay okay couple co-host with me guys. If you could go ahead and just mention yourselves yourselves yourselves real like uh quick for the viewers. That would be lit. It's going on on on. It's a Garret everything I mean uh UFC on Instagram underscore between beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful. Hey, this hey, this hey, this is early stoppage MMA AKA well uh Jack AKA AKA AKA early want you to go to 48 card. Wow. Thank you thank you thank you for for for showing up today, sir. Thank you thank you thank you for showing up and mr. David.
66fY3KMhJuOWZTHXgIUXBs.txt: But chapter we on. So what so what so what was the first task task task you remember because of the okay uh heart of it is to test their daring daring daring and their bravery. They're not going to like I mean get a chance chance chance to prepare ahead of time that they use their wit's This is I mean well one of of of the track chapter 18 the weighing of the wands. When Harry woke so um up on on on Sunday morning. It took him a moment to remember why he felt so miserable and.
31zwa4EUbVrp5YHaJscZOj.txt: What is up guys? This is Stu is what the fuck Jim talk. So I made made made a so like post the other day about the you know, I even made made made a podcast it was like okay probably one or two podcast back now from from from here maybe but about you uh you know know, your gym not being the best best best our today, you know, I think it should uh well be more of a pillar pillar pillar of the schedule and I made this Instagram post and you know um I I I dropped it in a couple of Philly at owners groups. And anyway, obviously you um I mean mean mean can imagine the feedback was was was mixed and one individual this Rob he owns owns owns a so I mean gym. I believe it's called CrossFit rise again. I apologize apologize apologize Rob if I'm fucking okay um that up. You know, he shot me a a a DM and you just like bro. I um I um I um uh don't I I I don't agree. I think this argument is pointless. I don't get it so so. You You You should strive to do both like and he just didn't agree I I I mean uh with it which was but he reached out to me and show me me me a DM so so and I do what I typically do when I hit hit hit him with an audio message and like well explain my position and you know next thing, thing, thing, you know, we're back and forth you know I mean with a few audio messages and and and the guy, you know, we're we went from adversarial to you know, I probably go get a beer the.
5Sjodl6tm5IqGU1IkzLacv.txt: December 7th 2003 subject he has been prepped once again for service today today today okay well. You're going to find him. I believe I believe I believe believe believe in you at Sea find your father okay you know and we'll be a a a family again. All right. Close your close your close your eyes and reach. Who am I hello, is someone there?.
3rVxOGWUKKI6cJtnN0hOrx.txt: A quick word about my sponsor anchor if you've ever thought about creating so so so um your own podcast piece of advice for you. Use anchor use anchor use anchor anchor is is is your One okay uh Stop Shop for creating your own podcast. It's free. It allows allows allows you you know like to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or your computer. It okay uh also distributes your podcast to most major podcast platforms. And And And finally, and finally, and finally, it uh um gives you an opportunity opportunity opportunity to monetize your podcast. So if so if so if podcast or something you know know know so you're looking to get into download the free anchor app or go go go to Anchor um I mean dot f m It started. Hey, welcome back. So So So been a couple days since I I mean well did my last podcast as as as well as my last, you know update on this um um kind of coronavirus and all all all the things kind of surrounding that that's you know, like um this this this podcast this YouTube YouTube YouTube channel could almost be called, you know, coronavirus Central okay uh and it has been been been that way since you know, January 21st, when I kind like you know know know of first started talking about it and so and for good reason obviously, I I I well like think that should be obvious to everyone you occasionally the comment and I'll see you at.
3IfmcM2rcWb82601pkPvCh.txt: Today's episode is sponsored by glory and shine offering lotions soap bars lip balms you know know know um beard care and much much more all of their products are natural natural natural wholesome and prayerfully uh uh designed and crafted to inspire the Catholic faithful during everyday acts of of of life and to um I mean promote prayer meditation on scripture and Marian devotion devotion devotion for ten percent off your entire okay uh order use promotional code Rua at at at checkout. And please and please and please check out the link in the show I mean mean mean you know notes. Today's episode is all Also sponsored by pray more novenas this this this Lent we can't like like recommend enough the pray more Retreat dot-org this online online online Retreat will help you meditate on so uh the Lord's passion death and Resurrection. Everything Everything Everything is online and at your own pace and well okay you can find find find the time to listen to the five inspiring speakers and um I mean mean mean 19. Total talks total talks total talks each talk comes to the video study guide transcript so you can use it alone or with others this Retreat most.
3Uq5TZiu0UcDwAD27OGgWp.txt: Hello, if hello, if hello, if you haven't heard about the anchor is is is the easiest way to okay you know make podcast. Let me explain. First of all, all, all, it's free second of all, there okay okay is a creation tool that allow allow allow you to record and edit your podcast I mean uh right from your your your phone or your computer. Third. Anchor will anchor will anchor will distribute your your your podcast for you so well. So it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify. Apple past cut and many others. Fourth you well okay can easily make money with with with podcasts with minimum listenership. It's literally everything you need in one I mean you know know know place. Thank you. I've always I've always I've always been sure capitalists get their their their money for any small so you know business thinking of funding their new adventure one possibility possibility possibility is to approach Venture capitalists be seized so so and raise the funds many many many VCS invest in small companies and if you watch even one I mean so so so episode of Shark Tank, you know, it is based. Having a sound idea. However, you might wonder how VCS acquire.
1vqwFG9mABrHpE1TCh4Bok.txt: Hello, you lovely bunch and welcome back to yes, another episode of the vitalife vitalife vitalife okay um show me Tori and Me Myself and Irene. I have I I I have I have nobody on this podcast and there's I mean okay a good reason reason reason for it. I also just want to say if the sound well um quality quality quality sound slightly different. I do apologize. I haven't got my headphones and that is so um um um because I am currently in the middle of moving so I have packed my whole whole whole okay um life up not thinking that I needed me. Fines and fines and fines and and and I'm in the middle uh um of a hotel because I also started a a a new job last week. And yeah, it's like um all decided to come at once once once. But the reason I actually chose to so like do this podcast and do this this this by myself is because it's something that I I mean so want to talk talk talk to you about just from my own personal experience for once to um uh a a a perfectly honest, obviously with being mental health months and the last couple of episodes to kind of touching on Mental Health.
4qITnAcmudQR8kl4tWtj8H.txt: You're listening to the language assistance podcast brought to you by the British Council Council Council like so for more information about the British Council or the language assistance program, please I I I mean so visit British Council dot-org. Hello, my hello, my hello, my name is is is Finola and welcome to the language assistance uh um podcast this episode. We'll explore gender gender gender equality and balance in regards to our I mean okay program and Beyond today. I'm I'm I'm joined by Kina Anna and Dahlia who are um okay all British Council colleagues colleagues colleagues from different teams programs and countries, although from different departments um okay. We are are are all linked to the language assistance program through previously taking part as so uh uh uh an assistant or currently working on the team. So to start with can you all all all um okay introduce yourselves where your base and what team you are are are in? Stop with you Tina. Hey I mean uh there, I'm Kina. I'm based based based in London and I work on the language assistance team. And I was a previous.
6lhQoAB0V4jOhoRSWenruq.txt: What if what if what if world is supported by our sponsors and and and by listeners like you on patreon? um uh Folks at home. I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm so happy to report that my podcast is now hosted on anchor so okay which which which by the way is like the easiest way to make podcasts. Let me well well well um explain first off it's free, and there's our creation tool that allows you you you um well to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer anchor will distribute your you know um podcast for you. So it can be heard heard heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and so okay tons of other places and when you're you're you're ready to start monetizing your podcast anchor so um Make it easy with minimum minimum minimum listenership. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one okay so place place place. Honestly. I wish I joined sooner download the free anchor app or go well well well I mean to Anchor dot. F m-- fm-- fm-- to get started that's anchored on FM and tell them mr. Eric sent ya. What if.
5MoLR17giFknmCVM7yfjFL.txt: Gonna log online gun line. What's going on? Y'all? It's your it's your your your it's your host Danny I mean uh Lopez for the on the gun line podcast and and and you're listening to the midweek memo for March like so for 2020. I'm dropping the kind kind kind of league. Y'all check it out. I fucked I fucked I fucked up uh well this this this morning. I don't have enough time to do it our at night last night and and and this well like morning. Well, I got a shift change so I don't have enough enough enough time to do you know like it in the morning. Like I used to to to kind of ran out of time. So now I mean okay I'm doing it on my motherfucking motherfucking motherfucking lunch break. How to light my cigarette up anyway, let's go ahead and get down to this business on the midweek memo today.
2Qn3ydT5r8YAmUrrXfomPg.txt: Hello and welcome along to the property Academy podcast. I'm your host every night night night and okay uh I'm answering the phone today on the show. We're going going going we're going we're going to be talking about you know so 2/3 Capital maintenance maintenance maintenance. Now, you're probably thinking what the hell is deferred Capital maintenance and uh uh uh well what it is is it is the situation where if you buy an an an you know you know existing property you buy it today and then in in in 10 years it requires a uh well new row for Is significant expense expense expense on the hot water? It's cylinder. It requires significant um okay expense or rewiring the the the house and we know that this happens it's not well okay something we necessarily necessarily necessarily budget for in our day-to-day expenses, but it's something that needs um well to happen if if if every couple of months, so I not months every couple of decades and so so so well this is actually a concept that has been brought to our attention and is often promoted by Matthew Gilligan from Gilligan drone Associates, very very intelligent.
236DaZPFkX0L3HnX6xp5Hg.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of the John cast we are back it it it is um well nearly 2 p.m. And I am still in my pajamas that that that is not on okay I mean account of laziness that is actually on account account account of the fact that I uh um have been working really really hard today been been been editing some stuff right now sweet I mean well bear and I we are are are in South Carolina and we have some friends coming down well uh here to meet. Eat Eat Eat us in a few days. It's one of our good okay I mean friends. It's her her her it's her it's her birthday and so will kind of be taking Thursday most most most of well um Thursday and some of Friday off. So I'm actually recording this on on on a Wednesday so uh. And so today was like my big day to kind kind kind of get ahead on everything uh you know so that I can unplug a little little little bit and be fully present with sweet you know so bear and our our our friends to celebrate big shout out to Rebecca. It is your birthday. I think tomorrow by the time this comes out.
5UgPhRu7ohxmIYVRpU7qmP.txt: one two three Happy Tuesday with Tameka. Oh my gosh, I am super excited okay okay okay okay to finally finally launched this podcast. This has been something in the making making making for years so well. I have I have I have truly wanted to do do do this. God has put it down in my spirit okay like to do it it it. But to be completely honest with you. I allow comparison and just fear fear to Cripple me, you know, I am one that talks.
281JOvJ9ESuKkfEg2VURKX.txt: Breakups are often the symptom of problems in a relationship my work book series series series like um. The knowledge is focused on helping you change your life in four four four key um I mean areas retaining the information that I teach personal growth improving your relationships relationships relationships. And of I mean um course re attracting your eggs available now at ask Greg dotnet dotnet dotnet Hi there. I'm coach Craig okay okay Kenneth. I'm coach Margaret. And today we're going to to to be talking about soul mates um um. So some so some so some of of of you guys out there believe in soul mates. Some of um um you don't some some some of you guys have this idea of like a twin uh so flame some some some of you don't but today we're going to look at soul mates uh um um um and Margaret and I have some interesting ideas on it that hopefully will Enlighten you or get you to.
0TDR00NxPMlW1cXvWZxs2V.txt: What's going what's going what's going on guys? Welcome back to the Run free podcast podcast podcast this episode number 29 so you know and this episode we're going to do do do a little Olympic trials debrief. And then well well we're going to do a little little little bit of challenging our view on luck. So like okay I hope you guys guys guys are doing well. Hopefully it's hopefully it's hopefully it's turning to Springtime where you are are are so so just moments before coming into my garage to record this for for for y'all. I was out in okay well the sun just baking in it. Just Just Just loving it. Feels so feels so feels so good and it's actually um I mean kind kind kind of a little bit about what I'm going to talk about today. So you know well I'm I'm I'm getting out in front of myself, but it's crazy how son feels the best right right right um um after the winter time. Right? Like right like right like right when you've you've you've endured like those freezing cold days you know well freezing cold snow ice hail winds winds winds you're out doing those runs. They're just miserable like um and you just can't wait to get home and get warm and then when it burst turns to.
1HmN1BDPrSiIdYEWTX84xz.txt: Do you love horror? Do you love torturing your friends with horror movies? Of course you you you like I mean do. That's why you're listening. Maybe you've even thought about starting your own own own horror podcast, so you know whatever kind of insanity you're looking to send out into into into the world. There's a there's a there's a um well new all-in-one platform for you. It's It's It's called anchor it's the easiest way to make like you know a podcast and it's it's it's totally free anchor has all the creative tools. You'll need to I mean so so so record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer and even better better better Anchor will uh I mean Distribute that podcast for you that way it gets on on on Apple or Spotify or everywhere you know I mean else. You can find podcasts podcasts podcasts. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make a podcast all uh uh uh uh in one place. So what are you waiting for download the so um free free free anchor app or go to Anchor FM to get started nerds? Consequence podcast Network this episode brought to you by Nick be.
30WDFMlfnfnxGLTT2uyAHt.txt: What's up, Liberty lovers, you're listening to break the cycle with me Joshua Smith um um um um for the next 20 minutes. I'm going to need you to sit down and and and buckle up you know well because we're flipping tables and talking Liberty and it ain't ain't ain't always pretty welcome to so well the inaugural episode of break the cycle. I'm your host Joshua Joshua Joshua Smith. Today. We're I mean well going to talk about Joe sniff her Biden Biden Biden and how the other Dem candidates are falling okay okay in line because they're they're they're wussies after that. I thought it was Right that we you know I mean talk about the the the significance of the Boogaloo. And for and for and for the third segment, we're going going going you know like to end talking about super Tuesday and the primaries and how Libertarians Libertarians Libertarians all just lost you know um to no preference shocking. By the way. There's There's There's ever anything that you want to hear on like um an episode of break break break the cycle. Please message me and say hey dummy, I want you to talk about this on your podcast.
51DdiN5XNDCMEB2ZAzqHbM.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to another episode of easy natural English with Liam Liam Liam. How are you? you know like All doing today? I've had a good day. Well so so so far. Yeah, it's been a good uh I mean day. I'm recording this from Hawaii Hawaii Hawaii. But actually I'm going to schedule this episode. So I'll like well record it it it and then I'll save it to come out later because I will be traveling like okay back back back to Japan. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, if you were listening before then you'll you'll you'll remember that that well so I was in vacation in Hawaii while I still still still am when I'm recording this I mean so and yet going back to Japan Japan Japan. So this one will you'll be listening to this like okay while I'll be probably probably probably be on an airplane or perhaps I'll be in Osaka because I'm going to spend a few days in all.
1mXRsVMHiDyFnIToevJrth.txt: What's the what's the what's the first word that comes to mind when you hear forest forest forest and environment trees like uh trees and trees life nature sustainability. Just one one one request someone treat and so on Essentials okay like biodiversity. Those are what some people people people think about Forest, but do we really know about well so it? You You You are now listening to let's talk trees with me and so you know get your hand hand hand. India's a podcast brought to you by C for Annie graph I mean like. When When When we hear the word science, we often think about equations and a technical approach I I I mean you know to problem solving this podcast series aimed to go beyond number by by by looking at okay you know the science of Forestry agroforestry and Landscape true true true stories real life experience and communities we so um aim to make that knowledge and information more human relevant and understandable because what's the use of.
4nrHgM46qx9b8kPRwQ4oxS.txt: Acts 2 acts 2 acts 2 when the day of Pentecost came they were were were all together in one place suddenly you know I mean a sound like the blowing of of of a violent wind came from heaven and filled uh well the whole house where where where they were sitting they saw what seemed to be tongues okay uh of fire that separated separated separated and came to rest on each of them. All of them were so okay filled filled filled with the Holy Spirit and began. To speak in other tongues as the um you you you know spirit enabled them. Now there was staying in Jerusalem God-fearing Jews from from from every nation under heaven when they heard this sound a crowd came together in bewilderment.
5gRSYtOHV7LuN49tblVYJw.txt: If I if I if I can start a dude shit, seriously, like it it it really took me by I mean you know surprise when I found out that they they they did not have Legend anymore. Yeah, uh um like I always thought that that that was like a staple at the drive-through like oh, I okay so wonder exactly exactly exactly me. Amantha. We pull we pull we pull up beside you. I'm fucking I'm fucking fucking fucking I'm fucking ready for it. Dude I mean uh. I'm in Mac Mac Mac side of wedge. Yeah, we pull up I order I was like, uh well well well oh, no, would you fuck me up with two of those famous bowls so so so I mean amount of times. You've guys said wedges I said wedges. Is along along along is along is along with um uh that shit and guess what? I I I didn't get wedgies because what was it Ben like well it was french fries. They They They are serving friend you Iris deceitful your mama reason people and so uh I I I don't appreciate what you're doing to me. It's actually upsetting. It's very fitting we um um um well feel you been like how do you go from selling triangular potatoes to shelling rectangular?.
39E9D7o3UimqI4B8REc2D8.txt: As noticeable as noticeable as noticeable as a record label, we're honored to be joined today by our panel of.
0Cy8io9QoM4iyCImBcke9t.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to the UPC. I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast podcast podcast. This podcast like I mean series is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which which which is available on the like so Pentecostal Publishing House and youth Ministries websites. It is it it it is it is our desire at youth Ministries like okay to see you you you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time um okay okay okay with him. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 7th march 7th march 7th entitled the the the blessing of submission today will I mean well be reading from number 17 verses 8 8 8 through 10. Then Moses then Moses then Moses sent to Cora um I I I mean here. Now you sons of Levi it is a small thing to you that that that the god uh uh of Israel has separated you from the congregation of Israel Israel Israel to bring you near to himself to do the work of the Tabernacle of the Lord and to stand.
2Xeg8BOxRCQMxQJNkRKNQg.txt: Welcome to the fire the Family podcast. Did you know the average Americans behind behind behind like uh on their retirement savings imagine if your family could learn to budget save save save and invest well so enough to become financially independent. I'm here to show you you you through my own experience exactly you know I mean how you can get on the the the path to financial Independence and reach retirement on or before the well so age of of of 65 from age 90. In 228 in 228 in 228 Kayla and I have been married for for for so I mean nine years had three boys and earn four degrees combined combined combined with no student loan debt like so and have taken our household household household income from zero to over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars um like a year. We We We both we both we both want to invite you to fire the family.com where we we we have you know like free tools and resources that you can use to to to get started on your financial Independence Journey now, let's get into the episode. Hey, welcome to episode 26 of the.
0GzToajGhX1K8OGAhN3Lww.txt: Welcome to the first ever episode of version final a podcast about where ideas ideas ideas so I mean come from. I'm Ben Pereira and I'm a strategist at cnx. The The The creative um okay agency accounting Nest. Our aim is to talk to creative people in advertising advertising advertising media publishing well um technology education and more the ideation process can be a little little little bit of a uh um black box to those of us who aren't aren't aren't designated creatives in organizations. We um we um we um so hope these conversations can can can shed some light on that as work becomes more D um um industrialized industrialized industrialized and more service-based more and more of us are expected to be creative creative creative as part of uh well our jobs. Our hope is that by talking to to to people who work daily with incorporate constraints you know okay and still managed to be be be consistently creative the rest of us can learn how to well I mean tap into into into our own creative sides the idea for doing a podcast about ideas well like like like came from watching how Conde Nast magazine Brands operate cnx and Conde Nast magazine Brands create content for different purposes, but we work pretty.
3rNoYlx5xMRN3DbaXkqcWj.txt: I can I can I can be your new welcome everybody to to to another episode of The Feeding Frenzy um okay. You are of course listening in in in with the big man the force and I'm like you know so glad to finally I feel feel feel like I tell you what, I feel like the you know you know flow flow flow from What's the what's the book about the white way? I feel I I I feel I feel like well so I've caught the white whale and I finally got got got every in the in the um um podcast with us. So well, thank you. So So So good to finally have you alone? well I mean How many times should we we we reschedule and honestly 5 yeah. I think I lose 3-2 to answer to the wrong here. So this so this so this isn't your fault.
2d3xRgazp3yOhjHQcdnVgV.txt: Hey, it's hey, it's hey, it's Anthony again. And I'm serious. When I when I when when when I say that we need more voices in uh okay the church talking talking talking about the crisis spreading the gospel and holding fast to the uh um Traditions Traditions Traditions passed down to us. Amidst this apostasy. We're seeing unfolding before our eyes. There There There okay well are a lot of ways to get involved and an easy easy easy one is to start a like uh podcast anchor dot f m is a great great great podcast hosting platform. If you if you if you haven't heard um um about anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me explain so I mean it's free free free. There's Russian there's Russian there's Russian tools that allow you to record and edit your your your podcast right like I mean from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you like you know. So it can be heard on Spotify Spotify Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can actually you know like make some money from your your your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to well um make a a a podcast in one convenient location. So if you're interested download the uh you know free anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started reach out to me and I'll help you promote it to Ave Maria.
5y9cK5BvXDQ26DkfJsHw7P.txt: Hello and welcome to team Franco bodybuilding podcast episode number ten. Just want to take take take you know um a moment to thank everyone for listening downloading sharing the link and and and I'm having okay well a good time doing these because my goal is to to to put the truth well well out there to debunk some myths to give some guidance guidance guidance to first I mean well timers or those who were in The Game of competing competing competing and or Fitness a better um uh idea on how to handle things. And simply simply simply to make it an easier process um uh for you. Today is today is today today today is going to be a little bit more detailed not scientific, well um but but but just laying some truth out there for you to give it some thought as as as so I mean you enter a diet or if you are in the middle middle middle of a diet or well well even a contest prep and as the title says says says what is an Exit Plan. I'm first I'm first I'm first going to start talking about.
05gIsdiumhzh7JjEhBELVr.txt: Hey dance, like files fans. I'm here to talk about anchor why because it's the easiest easiest easiest uh well way to make a podcast. Let me explain number one. It's free. It's It's It's well you know free. It's free. I could stop there. But let's go go go on there's creation tools that I mean well allow you to record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or okay I mean computer. Anchor will anchor anchor anchor will anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple so okay podcast and many many more. Seriously, there's seriously, there's seriously, there's places places places my podcast is on. I've okay like never heard of thanks. Anchor you can can can make money from your podcast with I mean so no minimum listenership. It's everything. You need need need to make a podcast in one place you know okay. I get asked a lot lot lot can I'm thinking of starting a podcast. Well, I'm um okay telling you start that podcast with with with anchor download the free anchor app or go to you know well Anchor dot dot dot. F m-- to get started today. The following the following the following is a presentation of morning drive media broadcasting from beautiful Burbank, California. This is an.
06mlBRJlano4ZS5oBNrols.txt: Hey everyone, and welcome to the homicide homegirls podcast a true-crime podcast Examining The okay okay okay you know True Crime cases that Fascinate and Intrigue us. I'm Ariel Ariel Ariel and I'm Amanda. Thanks for joining well um us. We can't wait to to to share the details of this wild episode with you okay so. Welcome back listeners. Hey y'all y'all y'all. So before we get started today, I wanted to um uh take a quick second and give another podcast some love. So in the beginning of February,.
3roQ8Qss5Vs2l35aTeIUVd.txt: Sometimes as a parent you just have to be ridiculous one of the things well, well, well, there's many so so things but one of the one of them that bothers bothers bothers me that the kids do I mean um would be standing or walking on the the the couch. There's six of us in this household so okay and this couch is is is falling apart. You're supposed to sit on a couch not I mean so walk walk walk on it not run on it now jump on it and dance on like so so so it. Do not do WWF moves on it. It's for it's for it's it's it's for sitting that's it. So when I mean um you catch them doing it because they they they know they're not supposed to but they okay okay just can't help themselves, but do do do a little Skipper. Ooh on the couch, but when so uh you catch catch catch them, I have a tendency to overdo it. I'll tell them to stop walking on the couch. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop walking on the couch stop.
1rR66tJyzBLtsEnrxWrKdD.txt: Hey, welcome, hey, welcome, hey, welcome, welcome to another edition of Mac bitter bitter bitter truth. I cares. Yes. I was I was I was um um by your boy boy boy Mac. Now you doing everybody? Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we are near appreciate everybody everybody everybody for taking so so the time out to listen to the Mac truth. You understand we we we shared well like everybody out there. You already know man, you're we just out here here here trying to teach I mean okay people knowledge and wake them up on the deception deception deception. You already know. No, you know so we have a few subject we go get get get into today and talk about it uh um discussion. You know, first we go talk about about about the so-called coronavirus one that they um so got right now with a pandemic on the the the whole wide world. Just not too I mean I mean long ago. I see see see a new strip came out from California. They so-called of a state of emergency going on right.
2ZXgyKhQTtNbW0FR27AJFx.txt: Hello and welcome to the first episode of sisters in conversation. I'm your host host host okay you know development Ronnie. I am the founder of a platform called called called sister-in-law, which is a platform okay you know dedicated to empowering women through legal education education education. Thank you for joining me for the uh I mean first ever episode of sisters and and and conversation. I have with me or a leotard you know okay ceiling Milo. She's a corporate corporate corporate legal counsel by profession who recently resigned from a boutique investment so uh and Alton Alton Alton see company based in sandton. She's a skilled in-house legal counsel who's well well well like day-to-day duties and through drafting vetting and reviewing a of contracts as well as as as okay um attending to any legal governance matters for the organization. She's abiding social social social entrepreneur co-founder of um okay the probation was done and lead in legal at yeaa, which is a non-profit company established to drive the.
4sbSs1xtuf8dF3xtb7btUi.txt: Good morning, and welcome to another episode of crime over coffee. We're your your your hosts. I'm well like Abby and I'm Erica today. I'm going I'm going I'm going going going to be telling you about The like uh Disappearance and murder of Dorothy Jane Jane Jane Scott. So throw back a shot of espresso like well and let's Dive Dive Dive In. Dorothy James Scott and her son Sean lived in California at at at okay I mean Dorothy's aunt's house near Anaheim at the time of our our our story in 1980. Dorothy is 32 okay uh and her son Sean is for Sean's Sean's Sean's father. Dennis is dennis is dennis is not in the picture and like okay he he he actually lives in Missouri at the time of the story. Dorothy was described by her friends as kind-hearted compassionate and a.
4nDl3DTQox0VG0l6B0sBoE.txt: So before we jump into the interview, I have three questions for you that we we we I mean okay ask all our guest speakers. So number so number so number one, one, one, what are three words um so that you would use to describe yourself three three three and I have to just narrow okay uh it down to three strategic organized and and and Innovative. Mmm. And can you tell us you know um a dad joke I wanted wanted wanted to respond by saying no, I can't see what happens if um okay okay okay I responded that way but here's my try. So why did the dad know know know like um that? His baby his baby his baby daughter would be a great great great marketer. Her first word was Data I like you know tried. And what what what and what and what is one random thing that you wish more people knew that that that almost uh uh anything is possible. The Harvard Association for a law in business for help is one of the.
0LRhMUlNYGLdK5uxTekou8.txt: Before we kick off today's episode of optimal relationships daily. I wanted to give you guys guys guys you know you know a quick heads-up about Spotify Spotify lets you listen to to to all of your favorite artists and okay so podcasts in one place. That's for free free free Hallelujah. No premium account necessary Spotify has a so so huge catalogue of of of podcasts on every topic including the one you're listening to right now and like uh uh uh you can follow those podcast. So you never miss an episode you can share you know know know like what you're listening to with friends on Instagram. And if and if and if if if you are a premium user okay you know you can download episodes to listen to to to offline no matter where you are. So so uh if you haven't done so already already already be sure to download the Spotify app search for optimal I mean you know know know relationships daily or browse podcasts in the your library Tab and give us a a a I mean you know follow. So you never miss an episode speaking of of of which let's see what we've well so got on The Ledger today. This is is is this is this is optimal relationships daily episode 646 guilt and okay so shame good good good and bad ways to feel bad by Keith Wilson of Keith Wilson. Counseling.com. Hello everybody. It's a brand-new Monday.
2wNztJ5bSIwddmuFKiXN4h.txt: I would have to say is IPA the India parallels, which there's a lot lot lot uh so of them out there. But me I'm stick to the Sierra Nevada or the uh uh uh well Dogfish Head. 60-minute IP's, 60-minute IP's, 60-minute IP's, that's the shit right there Mexican Mexican Mexican favorite album for I mean you know me would be liquid swords from the jizya. Welcome Welcome Welcome to Bruges Beats & Eats you know so the podcast I am your host host host old head. Once again. Thank you for joining. Thank you for tuning in. Appreciate the appreciate the appreciate the support this week. I'm joined. I'm.
4AirccIvUKYUufTRssOcgF.txt: Welcome to on the spot the podcast where no question is off the the the table each you know uh week. We invite a guest to sit down with mayor mayor mayor Marvin Reese posing the questions that okay you know really matter to Brazilians and and and the City of Bristol from transport to safety and so you know housing to the harbor harbor harbor. It's time to put the mare in the hot well I mean seat. My name name name is Jasmine Jenkins and I'm studying broadcast journalism at the University so so of of of the west of England. My name is Simon white. I'm studying I'm studying I'm studying studying studying media and journalism at you know you know you as well. And I'm I'm I'm in the second year. What is the impact of the withdrawal so uh from the the the EU on the student population? Well, I understand from what I understand from so uh uh uh for universities directly. The numbers of students applying for overseas hasn't necessarily been adversely well so so so impacted. I think they've been very proactive. I'm reaching out and from the very firm the very beginning. I've worked with University leaders to send messages as.
2lT5XVACAEXTkJsLoHxnOe.txt: Welcome to the healing trauma and see PTSD podcast. I'm your host Monique Joven. I'm I'm I'm um uh a certified trauma recovery and resilience coach and this podcast is all all all about Hope well you know and Recovery. Hi everyone, welcome back to the podcast podcast podcast. I'm really looking forward to sharing with you uh okay a conversation. I had with with with therapist Elizabeth Earnshaw. We were talking about relationships and well like when we're in relationships relationships relationships with partners, and we really want them to understand what we're you know know know I mean going through in terms of our experience with living with complex trauma trauma trauma and the sea. Comes of it and how sometimes that's really difficult for our partners to.
0P61ft41Pmm4zZHw517QJ2.txt: Hello and welcome back to another @t. Y Temple Carrick podcast to start us off off off like um with our new podcast. We will have Kim's calendar. So before we we we move on to you know like some of the events that are happening, I think maybe we we we should talk uh I mean about mu n that happened last Friday and Saturday wasn't it? it it I'm Kate. I so um know you were I thought you want to tell tell tell us a bit about us um uh. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, so so so there was a an M un conference in Wellesley College Dublin for two I I I mean like days. Days, Friday the 28th and Saturday the 29th, and it it it was very successful and un um uh conference three and tar Dempsey Adam Latino Sheena Sheena Sheena Iyengar died standing delegates and they uh I mean also our country Canada got got got outstanding delegation in general assembly. So I was okay I mean very great at at at such a prestigious conference is really good. Enjoy it. It was it was it it it was really good I mean you know. Have you been to one before or that was my first so it was really scary.
65XzckmIKNN630iSTdhyLl.txt: Welcome to the pharmacotherapy podcast. My name is Lindsey Devon. I am professor emeritus emeritus emeritus you know well of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Medical University of of of South Carolina in Charleston okay uh. I also I also I also served served served as editor-in-chief of pharmacotherapy and official Journal of the American College um I mean of of of clinical Pharmacy. Today. We're talking with dr. Megan wreck about her editorial so well titled oseltamivir oseltamivir oseltamivir for all. Become an over the counter medication for influenza treatment. Dr I mean um um um. Rack is an emergency medicine clinical pharmacists at Loyola University Medical Center and has has has contributed um I mean several papers to the official journals of accp dot correct. Thank you thank you thank you for joining me today and welcome to the.
3uXxGkvtfq74gZ3Uh4KiZx.txt: Hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, welcome back to the Dallas and show the podcast podcast podcast that I that I have well okay. Um, I'm um, I'm um, I'm here with with with Liana my girlfriend Lee and how you doing? I'm good so you know how how how happy happy March. Happy Martin. You'll Marilla marzipan, March 1 March. Oh, you know, it it it well um was a leap year yesterday. Yeah. I felt really stupid because I I I had uh um to ask you a question about leap year. What did you ask ask ask me to remember? so okay so okay so okay We're about people's birthdays, you you you know, I Grew up with the kid whose dad his well well birthday was that that that we'd always teased that he had his dad was only like well well well well 14 or whatever. I literally never thought of that once that's interesting and like like like like it's whenever I'm in Years of Living that's how old you are never thought thought thought wow you know okay could've fooled me. Well, I apparently they celebrate it on the the the 28th or um you know today. That's so sad. That's not their birthday. Yeah. That's That's That's it's really weird. I um you know know. Do you do you do you you you know how leap year started? No, it no, it no, it was Julius Caesar really because every four.
1lXzKGIcWgMjWYIGJEg2bW.txt: Well, hey well, hey well, hey there Riley. Hey Jack. How's it going? Pretty Pretty Pretty good, man. I thought you um I mean were leaving for the night. I know know know I'd stick around a little bit. I know you did uh uh too too too. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This Mike's doing here. Yeah, I guess we'll guess we I I I mean uh can use it like well as well we got a a a podcaster. Anyways, yeah, anyways, yeah, anyways, yeah, let's use okay I mean that. Yeah, what's the the the name of this podcast again? Just the just the just the tea podcast uh I I I mean just to see what we do on this thing. Just talk about whatever's like like like you know two guys filming tea. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought you don't like like like tea. Yeah, I well like like coffee. So it's so it's so it's that I'm a big big big tea. I don't like coffee that much you know so. Yeah fair enough. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I mean my personal favorites. Probably Earl Grey Grey Grey. Yeah I mean you know. I mean, it's a pretty good right? Yeah. I think it's it's it's pretty good. What uh like about you for coffee or tea or coffee for for for coffee? I truly like espresso like okay espresso. I make sense. Well, what if you you you made this podcast if it's like okay just called just the tea, why don't don't don't we just named ourselves those? Well, I don't okay so know I do call coffee coffee coffee. I was like why not we can call it like you know just the the the tea guys, but then we're just two guys been called just the okay like tea. Yeah. I don't really like that much. I think I think I'm gonna go.
42PU8079HT7DvGmUwkDkKj.txt: Good morning, everyone Welcome to our Friday spending time with Jesus podcast today. I wanted wanted wanted like I mean us to look at Romans chapter 1 the entire book of Romans Romans Romans is jam-packed well you know with Theology and interesting thoughts and just like amazing Epic Epic Epic. Ders that people quote well okay all the time and Romans chapter 1 is is is really no different and Romans 1 we're well like dealing with our sexuality. We're dealing dealing dealing with idolatry. We're dealing with the question of you know so is the law of of of God really written on the human heart no matter where they're at okay so. No No No matter where they've grown up or what they've heard all their lives okay well well well and it's an incredible chapter it lists out all the ways that we can I mean well well well act basically in sin and have a depraved mind and then it leads us right into Romans Chapter 2, which says that.
7tv49LY1R1SOydmvx6eMTr.txt: We are back. We are back with another installment of your favorite battle Hawks Hawks Hawks well I mean podcast Hawk and loaded. I am judge Fleming join join join alongside. My co-host I'm breath stock I mean so was there and I am also also also here we are three and one after so you know a decisive victory over the Seattle Seattle Seattle dragons on Sunday in a That opened you know um up looking like like like it was going to be a blowout. Yeah, I would agree. We so so so okay all know about that line and how it moved over the past past few few few uh so days before the game started. I talked myself out of I talked myself myself myself I mean okay out of taking the dragons spread of the plus 11 and and and a half and I okay so shouldn't have done that. You know, I really, you know, the battle Hawks prove me wrong the week before that.
5KmQJxIx9cbsbR4EFcCNTU.txt: Nope, that's not what it says. What's up, everyone? Welcome back welcome back welcome welcome welcome back to the nope. That's I mean you know not what it says says says show. I am I am I am the rude Samantha and I cannot express you know know know you know to you how stinking excited I am to share the next few few few episodes with you well I mean. I'm sitting down and talking with Scotty Lewis. And And And we're talking mental health uh well. This is something that we both have have have discussed often in our friendship as we talk okay you know about other crazy crazy crazy spiritual encounters and experiences that we've had. But it's crucial. We felt like so uh it it it was truly crucial And Timely to discuss the issues surrounding mental health the culture like like like um of evangelicalism in America and and the truth about walking through suffering hand-in-hand with Jesus and the.
2vHZxpgRqhLb9kQtWtAyeD.txt: Hey everybody. So something happened with the podcast. Once we finished recording an entire session session session. It was um like computer sucks. Yeah, either this microphone is broken or something happened happened happened and we couldn't you know you know agree listen to it on the speakers speakers speakers on here. So we put it onto my well well laptop to see what it sounded sounded sounded like and there's these little better at well you know things like clicks. Yeah, and and and so we don't know if this is recording actually has well um any so we're we're we're just going to apologize in advanced and hope that you still like um enjoy enjoy enjoy Listen to the podcast, please do all right, we're families to feed. Let's okay okay okay uh roll onto the normal recording our regularly scheduled programming you in a world world world where two boys um so talk about things and their names are Kevin and daylan. Daylan and Kevin in a world where the only podcast that can actually bring.
4i9m0bD5q4St89N3xGLibN.txt: This is 30 million dollar career opportunity. So don't miss out on your chance chance chance of well uh getting in there. Most of you are great and amazing you you you just lack the tools uh like and the tactics how to make your light shine bright bright bright enough to be hired. I am I am I am uh so one of the the the few people in this world who got hired twice by McKinsey. So uh so uh so so so uh I mean I Ali know how to present myself Come join this podcast podcast podcast. I'm going to share like like with you what I've learned in 10 years of of of McKinsey and 10 years as I mean well a sealed entrepreneur all my life experience experience experience and my learnings go in here and once you've I mean you know know know listened enough join our Facebook group where actually a very cool bunch of people are are are putting you know um the learnings into practice as their make the way Powers. They are offer from a top Global consulting firm.
2aYfoNO3ia6i1s3k1ZhDwt.txt: Sunday seems sunday seems sunday seems to be our day where we really try try try to get our act together well you know before the work week. It includes the the the kids because we really enjoy you know well our time off on Saturdays and Sundays as as as a family and we just got okay I mean a lotta things that that that we tend to do on the weekends. We're busy but you know well Sunday, especially especially especially given against towards the evening as like look kids. Do you have you know you you you know any homework what needs to be done for tomorrow? Get your your your clothes out clean your rooms you know okay. Let's start packing lunches. Etc it's it's it's it's just a reminder that we gotta get so I mean back to work and and and school tomorrow morning. I like teasing my kids at this well I mean mean mean time because it's a i you guys. I know that school is your favorite like like like okay. You guys can't even wait to go back and like know I hate I I I mean I mean school. I don't think they really do like I think they like like like to see their you know okay friends. But yeah schools work and their you're not in kindergarten anymore, right? We got through versus third grade.
4yG9YkkEPLvFxEOKGWPJTM.txt: Hey guys, it's teacher Monica and we are going to learn about the the the definite article in uh okay this video. Now. If you if you if you guys guys guys did not watch my other video about the indefinite well um articles, you can can can always go back and watch that video as well in English. We have three you you you know you know articles. I know that there are some languages like Russian. I I I want to say Japanese like okay that do not have any. Any articles at at at all. So sometimes English articles are very um so confusing and then there are languages like like like German that has I think three different you know okay kinds not just like articles but but but kinds and for myself as an English speaker, that so like seems really confusing and challenging. But anyways, so in these in these videos, I'm trying.
5U25OjPVgFH08r0fVC6oL6.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, this episode is sponsored by anchor you haven't heard heard heard about anchor. It's well I mean literally the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast. We use it for casual poor and we uh well absolutely love love love it. Love Love Love it love it love it Robert tell the people I anchor so great I I I mean uh one. It's free love free big plus when it's free to you you you can only record like so and edit your podcast or you can upload upload upload your podcast straight to Anchor, but they'll also you know you know distribute your your your podcast to all the streaming platforms that apple pie. It okay it okay it okay okay okay okay cast Spotify Stitcher Google podcast Google podcasts does Amazon but podcast they will will will be I mean like short and on top of that you can even make money off off off of this app uh so. So it's so it's so it's free and and and you can make money. Yes, it's free and you can make well well well well money anchor will automatically match your podcast with the right sponsors for your podcast you you you know I mean with no minimum amount of listeners required super simple to to to get started. Just go you know I mean to Anchor dot f m or download the anchor app from the App Store and you are.
0yc2JazpzTlCfVZlX03Rum.txt: I'm Maria Menounos, and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV. What's up, everybody? Welcome Welcome Welcome to welcome to welcome to the you know well summer house after show we're looking looking looking at season 4 episode 5 Hamptons Vice. I am your okay you know girl girl girl Trina Kong and wow. Wow. Wow, do we have a lot to cover tonight? you you you know you know you know well Lots of relationship stuff. Lots of lots of lots of new new new Jordan stuff to talk about and we're I mean I mean just gonna go straight through through through and talk about all the relationships and I've got some uh well fun engagement news news news. You guys you guys you guys you'll have to wait to the end for for for that um like and a fun little segment about who's crazier then who and then then then we'll end it you know okay off with some predictions for what's going to to to happen next week and maybe the you know well rest of the season but let us get started. So this episode started with the.
2OmlLYu6eCJAgW70Dd4mNI.txt: Hello, this is Vincent from the Great British drafting show every week. We We We are going so like to be doing a podcast to talk you through the 20/20 20/20 20/20 NFL draft class and I mean so what it means the Carolina Panthers. I will will will be joined every week but Ali my um so co-host and we will will will go through talk about what matters at each position where like um the Panthers Panthers Panthers stand in terms of current players and what their potential options might be I I I mean like going into free agency a little bit. And then also what's important that that that um okay position generally when looking for prospects and what the times 20 draft draft draft class you know well has to offer we will be going Each position group one one one by well I mean one in the Box. The draft has that it looks to to to be a major part um I mean of how the Panthers go about this this this rebuild that we've heard so much about anyway so okay. I hope you you you enjoy this podcast love you're listening to and give us a try like okay okay okay. We're quite good the Great British drafting show available on Apple Google Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts.
1NR3nDeqb0dW7Vog00V5WJ.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised this episode episode episode you know you know includes dramatisations and discussions of murder and assault that that that some people may find offensive. We like okay advise Extreme Caution for children under under under 13 on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't you know I mean mean mean right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky. That is at 3 a.m. On On On October 27th some okay like night owl. Owls in an all-girl dorm were were were transfixed by a woman wandering their um well campus. What is what is what is she she she doing? What if she sees us watching we should close uh so the blinds too late late late. He's coming up the lawn. Please have you seen my um okay daughter Betty Gale Gale Gale Brown? Oh mrs. Brown. I'm so sorry. I didn't recognize you the like like like I mean police were just here. I know she was studying here. But your house mother told me she left hours ago and.
4mIDH8PmX4EzRQS9qotLZK.txt: The Following episode contains adult themes such as torture dismemberment Domestic Abuse and and and Mental Illness listener okay so discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 9 9 9 year old Nathaniel should um well have been asleep by now. His mother had warned warned warned him. His sister's nursemaid had warned so you know him, but it was was was too late the Sandman was already on his way okay you know. Hey Nathaniel pulled pulled pulled the covers over his head. Maybe if he pretended well enough the you know know know uh Sandman would leave him be all he had to do was steady his breathing breathing breathing stay I mean you know very still and keep his eyes closed his heartbeat heartbeat heartbeat pounded in his ears as the door okay um slowly opened the tunnel listened as the footsteps circled his bed. They paused they paused they paused At His Feet. Mmm.
6jTICOEaZJrExbnvuFZh8e.txt: Oh, can you put a little bit of Honey mix fit to give our our our yeah, so like I know did you know that when milk is start again again again when milk uh okay has come out of the cow. They died a white because because because there's pus and blood in like okay it and your stroke still drinking cow's cow's cow's milk. Your mom will join to do I mean so that is disgusting. I've tried like almond almond almond milk was just isn't there's almond produce milk um I mean. What breasts do you squeeze? squeeze squeeze Not this? Smells good doesn't matter coconut milk is a thing okay I mean mean mean. No could do that. Coconut milk coconut coconut milk coconut water discussed. How can well okay okay okay I was absolutely vile? And I and I and I don't know know know why people eat it. So drink so drink so drink you know um is is is it actually tastes like Bean Juice that she would it's disgusting. Do you know know know okay you know what the problem is what you I don't think I'm a a a problem okay you know. I think you're the problem. Just leave the cars. We've We've We've been drinking cow milk since day one not supposed to drink cow. Mel was supposed to drink her mum's milk.
5wCaqlb9qtBsDjj2WeY2iX.txt: Hey, hey people you want your own podcast maker has an easy way to get get get I mean like you going. All you have to do is go to Anchor Anchor Anchor dot. F m-- to um like get started and you know what? It's totally free free free just download the free anchor app or well I mean go to Anchor dot dot dot. F m-- and you're on your way to your own well so podcast. You You You can have fun. You can talk about whatever you want to talk about so well on on on your own podcast. You can make it by whatever you want to okay okay make it it it about. It'll be yours, and it's totally free. Once again, go so um um um to the get the anchor app. I'll go I'll go I'll go to Anchor Anchor Anchor dot f m-- in you on so you know your way. Good morning morning morning. Good morning. This is Keith. Nothing from the role. Agenda. I'm about to record a segment right now that was unscheduled I think is.
3tKbtMkVyKyOSh0MFiqAe7.txt: Hey everybody. Welcome to Florida basketball. Our on this week's show. We will we we we will we will discuss Florida's I mean uh loss at Tennessee get into into into Florida's win at Georgia puts the Gators to well so 19 and 11 ahead of of of senior day in the Odom Saturday at Kentucky. Carrie Blackshear. The so the the the so the so uh lone senior technically could be the last game for Scotty Scotty Scotty. Louis could be the last well um game for Dante pass it Dante bassett's going to to to graduate with honors High so I mean honors, I think in In the spring which is is is fantastic really happy for him or okay like take some listener questions. It's a fun fun fun show. We hope you guys enjoy it um so. You know, you know, you you you know, this is the fun time of the year in our sport um well. This is is is March. Now we're now we're now we're from this week's sponsor for the basketball basketball basketball. Our this okay I mean week is brought to you by anchor that's that's that's the platform. We use to uh okay bring you this podcast. It's a free platform and there are creation tools that allow you to.
0gXNU5IOy7q1B5PmN0gZ56.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth I youth I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This This This podcast series so well is based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume 2, which is available on on on the Pentecostal Publishing so uh House and youth Ministries websites. It is it is it it it is our desire at youth Ministries to I mean okay see you grow in in in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time you know uh with him him him. Remember your remember your remember your daily devotion matters. March 2nd entitled debtors to to to all today will so uh be reading from Psalm chapter 31 verses 9 through 15 15 15 have mercy on me well like O Lord for I am in trouble my my my eyes waste away with grief. Yes, my soul uh so and my body for for for my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and.
5SNOrSlsEQAWel2fRqAzgd.txt: Did I can get a listeners Louis Burke you a generation battuta the stories that that that so uh matter to you and the other five members of your improv troupe. Thanks Thanks Thanks as um um always for tuning in with us on desert rock FM. If you you you never listen to I mean um the show before hold on to your floppy hats hats hats and get ready for so like the team and I to bring you the story story story. Is affecting young people and like so your rescue Greyhounds are weekly youth programs crack production production production team includes social justice reporter, Katrina uh uh Sakamoto who has brought you you you issues. Like we're going to unpack the racist tweets um you know from 2010 that that that have caused trouble for the leader of the USA chapter uh I mean mean mean of the Ku Klux Klan. We're also we're also we're also joined by youth Gonzo journalist journalist journalist ever 97 okay okay who goes deep to bring you stories like is is is God real? Well, it turns I mean um out for the first time we might have a definitive answer will be talking about that later with expert.
0oBuySv0mfQYcMaxlIHL5E.txt: All right, Frank Bush welcome to the podcast. How you how you how you doing, my my my friend? Brett you brett you brett you know you know I'm doing great. Thank you you you very much for having me. Yeah, I appreciate you taking the okay um time. It's been been been a little while since we've chatted. So what so what so what have you been been been up okay like to since your retirement from USA swimming? But Patty and I I I my wife decided probably like I mean when I had a year left in Colorado Colorado Colorado Springs at my position that we would you know well move back to Tucson. And And And so after I retired from the position at USA swimming, we came back rented a home. We're currently.
5Bzpxr957UW4SKaeAbdm9m.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome back to practicing human the podcast where every day we're we're we're I mean I mean getting a little better at life. I am your your your host Corey mascara and in I mean okay today's episode. I'm going to share share share a few thoughts on the idea of finding like so meaning more to come on on on that in a moment. But first let's settle in um so with the sound of of of the Bells. Finding your finding your finding your life's meaning is one of those things things things that okay you know can feel daunting and or just too big to tackle that that that some people have a you know so seem to have a natural sense of their life's purpose and meaning and other people tend to develop this over.
0op3gn49oYS727UmUk34pG.txt: Hey, what's going on? Everybody? Welcome to the take it or leave it podcast podcast podcast. I'm one I'm one I'm one I mean okay of your hosts Egan for our our our with one of my co-host Jordan. What's up what's up what's up you know know know uh guys? This is Jordan and Brady Turner. Hey, how's it going guys? This This This is Brady I mean um Turner. This is the first episode of the Italian Italian Italian. Wait a second. Why didn't why didn't why didn't I you know uh get get get my last name introduced as well? All right Brady got his I you know know know so knew as soon as I said it someone would bring it up but his regards regards regards well well kind of bullshit, but I'll let it slide. All right with my co-host co-host co-host. Jordan Reese, well well here we go. What's up? Its Jordan its Jordan its its its Jordan Reese here Reese, please. This is our I mean well first episode of of of our podcast on this podcast were basically we talked uh okay about a a a bunch of random stuff. We're probably getting probably going to be fairly intoxicated intoxicated intoxicated okay okay while we're doing this. Actually, let's actually, let's actually, let's start with that that that. So to begin with we well um will ask our good old friend Siri to to to pick a number between one um so and five. She's a really hot girl we have in studio with us. So definitely it's definitely.
70XJryeCkTbxfSDXhiwvkk.txt: Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, welcome to today's podcast episode on the art of of of business where we talk you know well about marketing business strengths and opportunities. And of course course course Amazing Stories from day-to-day entrepreneurs. I uh uh hope you like it. Thank you you you guys for joining into the art of I mean like this is today. My My My guess my old friend Mikey Moon Mikey. How you you know you know know know doing today? Good. Thank you, Mom. Thank you for having me. Looking forward to um okay okay okay this right now. Thank you thank you thank you for joining us really? So I I I let me give so uh our listeners are little bit of context or of of of what I'm doing. So I uh well was browsing LinkedIn the other day day day and I saw Mikey Mikey we went to okay okay college back in 2012. Soccer together together together so we known each other for a few years uh uh back in the day now, he's he owns a gym and he's been very very very.
4CYbUty2sMCPMZ8eWYpdS8.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to the urban robot cat podcast. I'm your host um well well well Travis Likens. I'm Chris rwk. I'm Corey from strange cat toys. We're here okay okay okay you know for episode 16. But first we want to say thank you to our our our sponsors first um uh up sticker fide. They made a wonderful Circle for us us us and they want to do I mean so the same for you. So if if if you want to check them out, make sure I mean um to head over to to to sticker fide.com. Also, no love City the love City where you like um get get get the urban robot cat t-shirt. And if you use the code Urban robot cat cat cat at okay well checkout, you'll receive 10% off your order. That is no love citycom citycom citycom. And then so I mean also SD prints there are screen printing company that can can can make you some wonderful products I mean so for your booth tables website, whatever you you you got they can make a product for you well you know. You can check check check them out at SD screen printing dotnet. So episode 16. What do you been up to Chris? And I think we should hit it with a.
1zQVBbWZnryIrSzrMyIsta.txt: Something to note about secret societies all of the groups covered on this show okay okay okay okay operate in secret the details included in this episode are based on extensive extensive extensive research, but well I mean ultimately can never be 100% verified except by Society members members members themselves for every um so kernel of truth. There's a there's a there's a a a swath of misinformation strategically crafted by each I mean I mean group to protect their their their true goals and practices. On July twenty first two thousand nineteen hundreds um um of of of pro-democracy activists gathered in Hong Kong to protest the recent extradition Bill proposed proposed proposed so like by legislators as an expression of peaceful dissent. They wore black. Around 10:40 p.m. A subway train pulled into Yuen Long railroad station in the western.
3f7CQ3KLIJgnoK9ugkRiV5.txt: Hey guys, it's your host Patrick Seymour. I'm one of the co-hosts on the like I I I mean boys podcast before we get this episode Ron. I really do want to to to talk um like a little bit about anchor our sponsor. So one moment. I have have have a script uh well I will admit. So if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor is the easiest way you know like to make a podcast, let me explain. It's It's It's completely free. There's creation tools that well uh allow you to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or computer you know um. Anchor will distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple you know uh uh uh music. A podcast my bad and many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast so okay with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to to to make a podcast in one like uh place. Anyways, let's get this rolling rolling rolling. Like a record record right now and I can like okay just cut it. Okay Okay Okay. So like you ready, but you got it closer. It's well I mean just an iPhone like this every time. All right, let's start it as soon as it hits 20, okay.
1olANBpiEaihrAuQmAMzSH.txt: Welcome back. Everybody says look Time Podcast. If you're if you're if you're back hello and and and welcome back Sue's you know like of time. I have I have I have a special special special guest today. Who's helping me. I'm drinking tea okay you know. This is my my my friend Lavie. Hello. Um, I've um, I've um, I've known the birdie I live live live. Oh, so I mean yeah, if you hear a screeching noise, she has a really really really old bird. He's well well gay. Oh my phone also Levi Brown is is is this is already Turning off as a disaster um okay sweet peas fucking Violet and and and I am actually kind of scared of him. I I I I I I I I mean um love him. He's so angry. He's like, I've never he's a parakeet. He's He's He's a little he's a like so budgie budgie and like he's just tiny. He's He's He's very tiny his little arthritic feet um um and he's mad like you'll just mad like I've I go over I've gone over to his cage and.
07y0yNc4rF8JOVDEAX7zT2.txt: Hello and welcome to episode 3 of the Privacy right podcast. I'm Noel Noel Noel boivin you know okay senior Communications officer with the office of the information and privacy privacy privacy commissioner for uh you know British Columbia. And this is part of our privacy right right right educational series privacy, um okay right? Aims to connect British Columbia's personal information protection act or HIPAA HIPAA HIPAA to the everyday you know okay work of the more than 1 million million million organizations that collect use or Close personal I mean I mean information in this province province province. We want we want we want organizations to think more about the sheer volume volume volume of um I mean personal information. They collect and process everyday their legal obligations obligations obligations to safeguarded under pipa uh so and how our office can help help help. It's about getting privacy right to build and um I mean maintain Trust. Today, Today, Today, we're discussing a topic that hits home literally for the estimated 1.5 million people who live in strata housing in this province.
5KQgYO80GmtPvpRCJWb6pa.txt: All right, here we go. Another episode episode 8 of the one man ride I I I mean I mean podcast. I'm your I'm your I'm your host Michael Ward. That was was was little Foo Fighters. We had we had we had go I mean so so so in there my hero, which is the reason that brought it up is because I I I I mean I mean was going over all the players that I've gotten some shout outs for which I love so keep them coming some.
61a1JjZO27lGCvCwBaCkpC.txt: Its Behavior bitches Hey guys, it's Lia and Casey and we're back and well well well uh today it is episode 39. This guy is our special Valentine because because because Valentine's Day well well and we are recording two and one day and we we we are so excited for our okay well guest today. So he is our special special special Valentine. We're so excited and you guys know where I mean like to find us us us. You can find us on Instagram at Behavior bitches podcast on. Look at you you you know I mean Behavior, but just podcast or on a regular browser at www.beertown.org. Bitchescom Bitchescom Bitchescom. Go ahead go ahead go ahead leave us well you know a 5-star 5-star 5-star review. We literally live for that shit leave that review and if you okay like like like have nothing nice to say as your mother said don't say it at all. Thanks Thanks Thanks uh well. Okay. So now Casey what's our review of the day? Well, I was going through Apple podcast reviews, and I thought it was only fitting.
6tWkpJED4FjLM5vfo27bZS.txt: The Bachelors women tell all show last night took a surprising turn when Rachel Lindsay Lindsay Lindsay uh I mean emerged to lead the group and a heartfelt anti-bullying conversation which which which included her reading shockingly racist okay you know DMS that I certainly won't be be be repeating the second was handled Tastefully but both fans like okay of the show show show and alumni are mixed on its inclusion on Reddit passionate you know um Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Nation fans think it's completely unreasonable for the show to have its cake cake cake and well well eat it too with one trending post led by user and ingenious username username username saying how so um the producers run the show creates a Asik environment for bullying and the the the show you know well taking no accountability for it was crap at no point at at at The Bachelor show Runners you know well are producers take any accountability for their role role role in facilitating toxic environments. The show you know okay is specifically designed and run around around around the notion of having a villain. You can't guarantee uh so an engagement or or or a happily ever after but every single season there will be multiple villains so well well well. Another user responded digging up Victoria's past infidelity and then confronting her about it on the women tell all isn't conducive and trying to promote a book.
3Cr6PDcEveTQv2LR7TeK9p.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is why Shaggy are first of all, I would so so so well like to encourage all of you to download the free anchor app or or or go to Anchor well okay Todd FM to get started on this. It has made made made it. So easy guys, I like I mean did not know, you know publishing podcast podcast podcast was so easy. If I if I if I had only known well um um um it like five ten years before early because all I need to do so so so so is download the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click post you you you know okay and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish it it it in all the major like I mean podcast sides. You know apps that are available and and and I do not need to do anything else well uh. So this is is is just too awesome guys. You also need to make use of so um um um it. If you have a message if you have some come content, which you okay like like like feel that needs to reach out to the world or simply want to um I I I mean post something make sure you use this. Mascara. Namaskaram everyone, namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram everyone, namaskaram everyone, welcome back to my shoes like so podcast. So in today's podcast, I will be answering some queries that they receive on a day-to-day basis.
5a0dxl6w7wh5SGAbNpxhu4.txt: Good morning. We hope you're ready to have a super week because it's heroines uh uh uh you know week on Choppers. Every day every day every day we'll be talking about a a a different awesome woman from history a like well heroin heroines are women who do great great great things and a remembered for their bravery and like uh achievements. But first, let's get brushing brushing brushing the way. Our first our first our first heroic woman lived a uh so long long long long time ago in ancient China. Her name was Empress Shilling. She you know know know um and she discovered something that changed China forever. Empress is another way of of of saying well okay a woman ruler like a queen Emperor is Shilling. She ruled over over over ancient China with like you know her husband Emperor Windy The Story Goes that the empress was in her garden one day enjoying a cup of.
7J1iU1wEqpsbVhUs6Lp3B0.txt: In 1961 Kentucky college student Betty Gale Brown was found dead strangled by by by her okay um own bra the search for her killer would be a daunting task task task for police resulting you know well in a questionable admission. If you enjoy this this this episode on the shocking murder of Betty okay uh Gale Brown and want to hear more more more like it check out our series unsolved like well murders every Tuesday follow the clues clues clues question the facts and dig deeper into Some of history's okay so most bewildering murders follow follow follow unsolved murders free on Spotify or wherever you listen to okay I mean mean mean podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder case listener discretion is advised advised advised okay well this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and assault that that that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13. On an eerie, October 9th in.
4FHC1vhcTUyNpiIgGdzelu.txt: All right everybody. It is me and Christian here with our very good buddy um um um well Thomas real Stone from the history of Otero. I pronounce I pronounce I pronounce pronounce pronounce it, right that was pretty good I mean so. Actually. Yeah, that was pretty pretty pretty good. It was it was it was pretty good history of New Zealand I mean mean mean I mean podcast. And so tell us a little bit about your projects and what what what you've uh well been working on and what we're going to be talking talking talking about today. Sure so like. So Kilda, my name is Thomas and I as as as you've just heard I'm okay uh the bloke behind the history of altered altered altered or New Zealand podcast, which is very much I mean so a does what what what it says on the tin podcast. It's a it's a it's a chronological narrative retelling of the history of altered or New Zealand.
6Aps7WD2uLhUtwKP7H3GEE.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome to chakra balancing for weight loss a a a podcast where we like I mean explore how the chakra system can help you you you change your mind to change your body well like to change your life. Hi Hi Hi everybody. How's it going? I am doing great. It's you know you know kind kind kind of weird. I normally record on Fridays but this week I'm recording on on on um so a Wednesday because I've been traveling a little bit and now I'm I'm I'm confused as I mean I mean to what day it is because I'm I'm I'm doing all my normal Friday things on Wednesday um okay. Does that ever happen to you? you you I think it's so funny. You know like you like well think like like like all day. It's Tuesday and then you discover that it's actually Thursday. Anyway, so anyway, so so so anyway, so like that's just what's happening in my world today. We're carrying on. With With With like I mean our deep dive series solar plexus time solar plexus chakra Deep dive. We are going to talk.
5IA3GDXUYdMlGhetmd9hLj.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome back to a special LA Rams. UK UK UK podcasts. You have Chris like I mean with you today. We said that that that we'd be adding these specials special podcast seeing well um through the offseason and and and that we're definitely starting with a very very good so I mean special on first first first off. So we all like to get a bit of an okay okay okay um insight into the franchise and today's guest definitely needs no real introduction to to to those um um day our fans and those fans who obviously had attended the games in the so so so well City of Angels of Allah and in London, So he is the man that says. Ladies and gentlemen, can I introduce the LA Rams Stadium announcer.
51I9lm4kh7jJuLW3OgGKnP.txt: Hey, it's Tobias here. If you want to learn a little bit about well um my my my firm or see my portfolio head on over to acquirers funds.com. I'm a well well well uh huge fan of Dan Eric and Spotify we run Spotify in the the the office uh I mean all day long as you might know Spotify has a a a huge catalogue of podcasts I mean you know on every topic including the one you're you're you're listening to right now. You can you can you can listen to all okay well well well of your favorite artists and podcasts in one place for free. You You You can follow I mean you know your favorite podcast. So you so you so you never never never miss an episode premium users can download episodes so you know to listen to offline offline offline wherever you are easily share what you're listening to with like okay your friends friends friends on Instagram. Haven't done so already be sure to download the Spotify app so well well well search for the acquirers podcast on Spotify or browse podcast in the your your your library so so tab. Also, make sure to follow me. So you never miss an an an okay you know episode of the acquirers podcast one more time. This is Bush League. I'm Tobias Carla.
5xSMq1fCxp5RupWSHvv6mY.txt: Right joined by manager Steve King preview and tomorrow's game against st. Albans Steve firstly firstly firstly with a okay you know point against wall stone and a good way on Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday night the mood in the like well camp must be a good one. Yeah Yeah Yeah to be fair. It's been good for so well months really pleased with the performance. And I I I kind of knew it was going so you know to be a bit like that that that. But until we sort of broken down loss or okay you know often our second second second half Clayton delightful football and the goals were very very you know um good good good. Yeah one individual that we haven't yet spoken about that. They plan to you tonight okay okay okay well was Jeb. What have what have what have you made of him so far? far far Capital K JP will get uh I mean better the more games you'll be placed if we will get better, you know, he's a different.
0m0ozPJzSHc3QYzoqz9mnS.txt: The other night after the show, I was talking to some some girls girls girls like so that were friends and they wanted to start a podcast and they they they were asking okay okay me how we do it how we get it out out out there how we record it like you know. And you know, thankfully I was was was able to tell them about anchor which if okay you know we would have have have had when we first started out this would have been way way easier so so so uh and it's much easier. It is now gotten super easy, you know, know, know, so anchor is I mean uh by far the easiest way to make a podcast podcast podcast it gives you everything um you know you need. In one in one in one one one place so you don't have to get Pro Tools or any like so fancy recording recording recording equipment or anything and you can literally make a podcast and edit it like so so so on your phone right there free. It's free. It's free. So it gives you all all all uh so the creation tools. You need to edit it to make it sound good good good which you well like know, if we didn't have a background and recording, you know, it just makes it so easy. I mean we've recorded.
77UihGklKdY7Fh5vzMD11O.txt: What's up, what's up, what's up, Mavs fans? If you haven't heard about anchor yet, yet, yet, it's the easiest so I mean way to make a podcast. It's free. There's creation tools that that that allow you to record and uh um edit your podcast right from your your your phone or computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for I mean like you. So it can be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and many more you can like well make make make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership, and it's everything you need you know okay okay okay to make a podcast in one place download the free anchor app or go go go like like to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today. Hi, this is Donnie Donnie Donnie Nelson so okay. Back podcast it's the Mavericks. I don't know acting no Samuel Samuel Samuel Jackson the ball, you uh uh know that his magic post move deadly a get tragedy. You put the ball. Yeah, get nasty. He'll drop 30 don't gotta ask somebody.
6YcxR3ZUSRX1ftr9YIjnyo.txt: All right. Chloe Sutton. Welcome to the podcast. How you doing? I'm great. How are you you you you know so doing? Brett very well. Appreciate you coming on you've got an an an amazing story um like and I love for you to share it with a lot lot lot of people. Yeah, thank you know okay you. I'm so excited that you're doing doing doing this. I think it's somewhat long overdue so I mean and you know, know, know, I love listening so far and I can't wait to continue um you know to to to follow along in the future. Yeah. I mean I've told you many times we um um um like have such great conversations and we talk in depth about how you got got got to where you okay you know are and what drives you and what motivates you you you and all those sorts of things uh so. I think is so important to share share share and I've had great conversations with a okay uh lot of really good coaches. And And And athletes in the past few weeks just working on this and I think we can all.
3Zz4QvQ6A9Vx3EPNxDS89n.txt: the primary threats spotted moving into position the graves the strength and certainty of of of Steel I mean okay media marks the boundary where reality and unreality meet meet meet. Of course, we didn't expect so uh to die out here. You know, know, know, you know, you know, I'm beginning to wish I'd asked for more money well well well so D20 radio where Gamers roll D20 radio.com. All right, welcome back ladies and gentlemen, you you you know well boys and girls to Squad tactical. Uh, we are going to have a really really really so like fun episode this week because we have some special guests on we have got EP Jillian AKA Evan from the jodo.
6www1vKxYvMB8gK1gKMJ9T.txt: Welcome to the changing construction podcast by Mail Manager the Outlook plug-in created by by by our I mean like app to help companies get control of their email for for for this episode really excited I mean uh to have one of our one of of of the biggest names in construction Judith, please okay I mean introduce yourself. Thank you very very very much. That's an interesting way to describe me uh well. One of one of one one one of the biggest names in construction. I think my name is probably used a well well well so lot in construction these days in all sorts of different ways. So So So So I'm you know I mean Judith Hackett. I chaired the independent review into building safety regulations regulations regulations on fire safety in the I mean like wake of the Granville fire fire fire disaster, but really looking at the way that regulations themselves had allowed so so so so such poor practice to creep into the whole of the sector not specifically looking looking looking uh um at grenfell. My own background is not construction as many people know. I'm a chemical engineer by profession.
4XhX1dusVQizHEUHjBCB4K.txt: People deluded I'm back again. Welcome back welcome back welcome back to the deluded deluded deluded podcast and I'm happy to be you know uh doing this. I mean mean mean I mean I mean decent Spirits. If you asking me why it's I mean well well well a bit irrelevant from the podcast but on my YouTube channel, we've hit 20,000 20,000 20,000 subscribers. So um like if you are a subscriber make sure you know, you feel feel feel you feel like you've accomplished well like something with me because without you like like like it's impossible. So I'd like to first and um so foremost say a big big big thank you to look for a line it to be possible so um if you haven't haven't haven't Started checking out my Ting rocking with mating taking my stuff in I mean okay okay okay on YouTube. Then you might as well start. Do I need to spell spell spell out to you know like you why you need to start listening to that YouTube YouTube YouTube content come on now but you know so away from all of that as as as you look normal. I wouldn't say a lots happened you know uh in football, but a a a lot has happened. You've seen key caucus steal. The leads keep um you know our band band band for eight games and get a fine. I believe due to allegedly allegedly allegedly well um calling Jonathan illegal Jonathan leak. Oh, sorry the n-word we're not going to get into that.
5X2Lx4D2hddPRdh1roWoz7.txt: Hi everyone. I'm David Green. Welcome to a special episode of the digital HR okay okay okay like leaders podcast. HR doesn't just need to do digital. It needs to be be be digital I mean you know. It's simply has to put another way. HR must become become become more digital and analytical to deliver you know well greater business value. This episode episode episode is a break from our usual format. It features well well a panel panel panel discussion, which took place at the recent people analytics and future of work work work so like conference in San Francisco. The discussion was titled HR skills of of of the future uh well and how to develop and features Heather Whiteman who lectures on people people people analytics at UC uh like Berkeley having spent six years previously is global head head head of people strategy analytics learning and um like operations of judicial RJ Milner who who who is a global head of people analytics boober so like and is a previous guest guest guest on the show Andy and Bailey managing director of I mean well my HR HR HR future who previously held various roles at Cisco around workforce planning people analytics and talent acquisition operations, and I and the moderator The.
6KpACKDBabgIadrIGocZVV.txt: Welcome to the days conversation today. We're going to be talking about taking control control control I mean like. Per se taking control of our emotions, but the big question is is is how do we take so well control of our emotions? Here's the thing. There There There are there are there are multiple ways that can you know um kick you down down down. Right but we're going to talk about two of those important okay okay okay okay points right now. And that's your physiology and your mindset physiology being the science science science uh um of life. It is the branch of the biology that deals with with with the normal okay um functions of a living organism and its parts. But in in in this sense, what we're going to okay I mean be talking about is how refers refers refers to your emotions and how it is an extension of You uh well feel emotions are are are described many ways. You know me. We have happiness sadness I mean uh anger and fear fear fear which and there are others of course, but those are kind of you know well well well the main ones. We think these emotions are born in our mind sometime but most of the time and a lot of times it's not it's just.
6dlb2LZwNLEIaxS9Iky82H.txt: So the podcast is really rolling now and enough so that we have have have our like uh first sponsor. Our first sponsor ever of the blacktop bantered bantered bantered podcast is stencil plus okay you know. So I use stencil plus with my business. They They They made a handicap logo for you know so me amongst other custom logos logos logos and different things for me as well. They have um so the lowest price price price guaranteed guaranteed. They have they have they have free shipping on all orders over $50. You You You can um uh have a free company logo stencil made free and they have have have lots of cool well I mean Social Media stuff going on there always interacting there's there's there's thousands of stencils to choose from um well and they can create anything if they they they don't have it already. So if you have um like something very custom you you you want made they will work with you and so okay they listen to their their their customers needs of what they want what they need to okay well work with. So the other thing that is I'm super hyped about is that listeners of this podcast.
6mWQHXtRNicJHrmJBQx9u1.txt: We are back with King Rose cars and you've got the episode episode episode number like like 20 coming your way. And thanks again last week week week to Lugosi. We had a so like great chat and I really enjoyed that show show show and I hope you all did uh um too and usurping, you know, my numbers numbers numbers are good. Thank you thank you thank you very much and I mean you know know know were small but we're we're good. We're happy and as I always say to like like like uh people I do this because I love the band. Of talking of of of talking of talking to the bonds okay okay and having a chat with them and and and seeing how to do see if we are uh like kind of of of similar in any way in our approach to music and stuff like that so so so well. So it's awesome. So thanks so thanks so thanks for that. So today so today today today so today we have a different. Well, no, not really different because they that there's a lot of.
1RsgjqOAPQA3nisyjNhRXR.txt: We have to pay the bills, and if you guys have been thinking about starting starting starting okay um your own podcast, let me tell you something. If you haven't heard heard heard about anchor so you know is the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let me explain it's free their creation uh okay tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit your podcast right from your phone okay I mean or computer. They'll distribute your your your podcast for you. So you can be heard on Spotify I mean I I I mean Apple podcast and many more you can make money from your podcast. No minimum listenership listenership listenership uh I mean. It's everything you need to make a podcast in one one one place. So download the uh I mean free acre app or go to Anchored Anchored Anchored ifm to get started. Hey, do you want to so um join in in in on the excitement Live join me every Tuesday night 7:00 p.m. On the uh uh uh uh Chevy dude YouTube channel. If you if you if you can't make it check out out out your favourite podcasting okay you know platform at 6 a.m. Eastern time time time every Wednesday morning. This is beyond where you'll learn I mean you know tips and and and techniques on the car buying process. Us how to get the best deal what stands to watch out for and much more.
7iezniMOI6RpELZqArrFwL.txt: But before we continue, let me give a quick shout out to our our our sponsors the ones well I mean who make all this possible shout-out to the hosting hosting hosting site. Anchor anchor is basically this free well um podcasting app that allows you to edit edit edit upload and create your own podcast all in one convenient well you know know know app. Anchor basically handles all the distribution. So basically once you upload your podcast podcast podcast to uh okay Anchor it'll send your podcast to a playlist to Google to to to Spotify your podcast and I mean okay instantly be everywhere at once you upload upload upload it to Anchor or if you want to create so you know your own podcast download download download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started today.
0OSLEfYrGShDSs7z98dCmL.txt: Hello, so turns out that people do actually want to listen to what what what I have okay uh to say, which is pretty shocking because my own boyfriend doesn't listen listen listen to what I like well ever say, so there's a surprise but I'm glad glad glad that everyone is um you know on board and I'm excited for this little journey this this this little educational Journey um you know that we are going to go on together together together. I've done I've done I've done a little eye. Like organizing well um and like like like note books and stationery and stuff and lists. So I've so I've so I've done done done list of you know well how I want it to pan out whether or or or not it pans out like I mean you know that is another story because because because I can be a little bit impulsive. So we so we so we we we well okay shall see but I want you to shut your eyes everyone that's listening listening listening I mean well. Please unless you're driving. If you're driving, please do not show your your your eyes, but shut your eyes and remember the last time that you ate.
0ZRT4JQsFUEgUtTCW5Prvp.txt: What up, guys? This is the Leafs convo pod cast for Oak Ridge Ford you know know know you know in London, Ontario Oak Ridge Ford.com. I'm enje along with Mike. It It It is Thursday, I mean like March 5th 2020 the Leafs at the LA Kings this this this evening. It's a it's a it's a little I mean well pregame combo combo combo for you Michael. We didn't get a chance to talk after the I mean like like like Leafs loss in San Jose. But hey, that's okay. They had they had they they they had won three in a um you know row prior The Beat Goes On On On good morning Norm. Yeah, it does but you have well you know to sort of of of reflect on the fact that the Leafs won three games in. Road I mean mean mean okay that we're key games against teams that were at least on on on par with them Florida you know you know a few points behind them Tampa Bay ahead ahead ahead of them in the Atlantic division and Vancouver like so who was battling for for for a playoff spot in the Western Conference. They come so okay up against the the the team and they play three teams on this west coast swing that are well well well okay out of it that are basically, you know, playing out the string and they they they got so I mean outplayed dramatically by the San Jose Sharks. I have to say that Jack Campbell kept him in.
5Ckw5dkJzTMTtrRKGEjjFh.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this and this and this this this is my video coaching newsletter and the topic okay um of today's newsletter is going going going to be what women are attracted to in Men. In other like I mean words words words. What are the things? What are what are what are the triggers? What are the the the uh well things that women like about us guys? So what so what what what so what kind of behavior is it that they uh like like so we we we can exhibit this kind of behavior obviously to attract women um I mean. Well Well Well first things first that we got understand about women is number one. There like I I I mean are emotional beings and their Even by their emotions and women want want want to well I mean be in a love story. They want to just randomly run run run into some well uh dude in the supermarket or the grocery store and make make make eye contact and there's just obviously okay well it happens in such such such a way that it's obvious to both of them that they like each other and they smile at each other and the.
3poJW4PDsdAdjq0Qc3Nqdc.txt: Hello everybody and welcome to the podcast. Why don't you go ahead and introduce so so so um our name? Not your name the name of our podcast. It's called it's it's it's called it's called speaking uh uh for the bag. And the reason why why why we picked that name, I mean, it's pretty well well self-explanatory. Obviously, we in in in our bag we in the bag we got the bags you know so of cured cured cured. No, that's what it is. Obviously the end goal is to make money well well off off off this that is not the only reason we're doing this. I'm doing this for for for you know so my love of public speaking and podcasting and making other humans happy happy happy with my voice um um Okay, we see what we see what Carson over here here here is in it like okay for I guess anyway, so I am a pretty I'm pretty pretty pretty experienced in this business. Honestly, I mean um I have this fenced account and I've already made like six podcast and they're pretty viral. So total of.
4XKyXUiRGDY3r5ORISnwlU.txt: Good morning, but yellow morning. Thank you. Just say just say just say thank thank thank you was the voice of someone so um stealing bed at 5 5 5 p.m. Hi. Do you want to do the show? Yes or yes or yes or or or like I mean no after my nap. What do you mean if you're an app app app you just okay okay woke up. I'm giving you the time of the introduction to get her her her ready and you know like that's it. Are we talking about? Oh, yeah, we we we choose a subject but we don't I mean you know use the position where you're you're you're going. Wait the wait the wait the weirdest sex show almost every Thursday, you know know know well but most of the time most other days at 5 p.m. EST on on on my head um um. Here we go. We all live I welcome all all all welcome everybody doing welcome to the uh so debate podcast. This is gonna be a spicy one and guess who we have as our special guest. Don't.
1qOeF5rI91267vbNux12OW.txt: Welcome to the dr. Berg healthy Ketone intermittent fasting podcast. Now your now your now now now your host the you know uh man taking your health to a whole new new new level. Dr. Eric Berg. Today. We're okay um going to talk about the seven seven seven benefits of taking a cold shower. This like well is really about something called cryotherapy cryotherapy cryotherapy cold therapy now with cryotherapy you're put into a um okay crowd chamber for just a a a very small amount of time because it's a very I mean so very cold to to to me. Maybe three maybe up to five minutes and this concept uh you know know know is really based on this word hormesis. Okay for me scenes, what does that um um um okay that is a situation where you're adding a low dose dress or a a a moderate amount of stress well so to create a beneficial effect. There's a lot lot lot of things that can create this well so effect. This is called hormetic hormetic hormetic effect, but it's really a survival mechanism that's been around you know like for eons eons eons. I mean if you think about in the past with human bodies the combination of.
2PYrYGzzoi0pvOCb4dEsZ2.txt: Look how sane and linear we are being is a non-profit Homestuck well well well well fan analysis podcast and is not affiliated with Andrew Hussie or any home stucks well well well like official entities. Please remember to support the release of its books and merchandise whenever whenever whenever possible okay uh feel free to read along with us. If you have have have epilepsy or any other light-sensitive okay well disabilities or disorders, we suggest you stick stick stick to the audio. We have free audio I mean so transcriptions for this podcast podcast podcast linked in the episode description if you wish to Read okay you know instead of of of listen both Elizabeth's are trained writers and editors. So we're going to have have have well well some opinions about the construction of the story. These opinions these these these opinions these opinions may be different you know uh from yours, but we're not attacking the the the comic just offering suggestions. This show is not safe okay well for work. And if if if and if and if you're a minor we ask that you wait to listen I I I mean well until you were old enough to be shipped off of alter Nia to serve her imperious condescension. It's time to go to hell.
2x1MbkY1MiSMBTELbDg8hQ.txt: what's up, you're listening to randomly relatable SG relate to welcome back to the podcast. I'm I'm I'm okay so wise. I'm sure I'm Sabrina. I'm Deborah show and today we'll be be be talking about Dan for sure well I mean. Basically cycle for the club. She don't don't don't know me. You don't you don't you don't know me as your you know know know so own cloud. She might she might she might say this for the cloud money days we we we could dance you know you know for the cloud bitch don't so today we have have have done for sure. He you know okay is the big talker. He is is is the hitter. He is he is he is the cringer. He is the money.
1TicQO3vAuYoPoS3XZeL6y.txt: Oh, hello. Again, you're just in time for jumpers your morning and night okay um um um toothbrushing show start brushing on the top of your mouth on one side okay well and and and brush the inside the outside image showing sides of each tube, please. It's heroines so so so so week where every day we tell you about a real-life heroic woman from history tonight tonight tonight I mean so. We're talking about an incredible athlete and mom wait my my my mom. No, your mom's cool, but like so we're actually talking about an athlete named named named Fanny blankerscoon. Oh, okay. Yeah that makes you know uh sense. Fanny blankerscoon was a runner runner runner from a country called the Netherlands. Danny was a so I mean super talented athlete athlete athlete and her dream was to win. Gold medal at the Olympics the Olympics happen every four years and the best athletes from around the world.
5g32LXEa0avWYfhOkukFkW.txt: on July 19th, 1969 millions of Americans gathered around a television set and turned turned turned on um okay the news the voice of anchor Walter Cronkite presented some of history's history's history's most legendary footage uh I mean Neil Armstrong 38 year-old American standing on the surface surface surface of the Moon the Apollo 11 moon um like landing was being filmed live from from from space the ship had a built-in Custom-made camera um like transferring its signal back to to to Earth. This signal was tape recorded by three different Studios like uh one in in in California and to in Australia when the broadcast was over and Apollo 11 made made made you know I mean it safe return to Earth the Studio's packed up the tapes tapes tapes for safekeeping. They um I mean sent them off to the Washington National records Center where they would remain in storage.
1neVpqWAyNM4dh2dCSxuIO.txt: Are you are you are you guys today's episode of the drunk tank podcast podcast podcast is brought to um so you by anchor anchor is a One-Stop shop for recording recording recording hosting in distributing your podcast well so. Best of all, it's a hundred hundred hundred percent free. It's ridiculously easy to use now okay like anger can match you you you with great spot. So you want to advertise on your um well podcast. That means you you you can get paid to podcasts right away. In fact, in fact, in fact, um I I I mean that's what I'm doing right now by reading sad I said it before before before but you I mean I mean know, we love using incre you can can can hit record start talking. It stopped save the uh um audio. It's very easy to you you you know, Trim the starting and end points if well you know you want to cut cut cut out some, you know dead are very easy to do that uh you know know know as well. So, you know, if you've always wanted to start a podcast and and and you know like make money doing it go to Anchor dot f m / start start start that's anchored uh well FM / start Let's Roll whole ruin the lives in with an an an hour race, Binghamton. We well okay don't have anything to look forward to all year. So in so in so in that that first Saturday March.
735oxswQDIKE9mT9kclbU6.txt: All right, you listen to this podcast right now. London is blue. And guess like like like okay what we host our podcast on anchor dot f m that's that's that's right. If you're if you're if you're looking to um well host your own podcast podcast podcast. This is the easiest free way to get started um like this got a Content Content Content creation tool allows you to record and the podcast right you know uh uh uh from a phone. It's right don't even need a computer, but you can do it there there there so so too. They'll also help you distribute it which is probably the most challenging challenging challenging part, well uh you know want to mess with that. They got you covered and and and get it right I mean like on a Spotify and apple podcast as well as any any any other place podcast or founds I mean well And you know what, you can monetize monetize monetize it to make a little cash for sharing well okay your great content with with with the world everything. You need to make a podcast all in like so so so one individual place. So, you know what head over to your app store okay you you you know download the anchor a poor head anchored on FM to get started started started. If you're if you're if you're I mean I mean ready to launch your podcast podcast podcast and make it happen. This is Reuben of the cheek uh uh. This is wien wien wien amazing amount. You're listening to the London is blue or cocks. All right, Chelsea fans, welcome back to another episode of your favorite mid-week.
2WhPRZEtiI5pTFVm7p3UX2.txt: Hello and welcome to experience share. Its a its a its a Pokemon podcast starring starring starring me donphan or well uh smooth AKA Tanner green ring and my co-host hoo - - - Josh Val said is your um okay actual name. Do you remember what the the the actual name of that? Pokemon is pokemon is pokemon is ho ho no well well well you know. Oh, she'll like I had to make a Supercut of how many different different different names you called uh like ho over the course of the season because there's been been been at least ho ho ho okay like Joe. I think you had had had JoJo maybe at one point now, I'll remember it because well like now it's it's it's one of your nicknames that will hang in the rafters. Oh - hoo-hoo - yeah - whoo - It's a Pokemon podcast.
2qzsPkdvysqaUKOuozwUdG.txt: You're listening to Awakening with Rabbi Ami silver on the chef of podcast Network uh uh uh so. Join Rabbi Ami as he shares from the Wellsprings of Jewish spiritual teaching so I I I mean and practice and guides us on a path of healing transformation an Awakening to to to experiencing okay okay the divine. I want I want I want to start by sharing sharing sharing a line from the gemara and Magilla okay I mean that's very close close close to my heart. It's based on a mission of that says that you you you know so if you read the megillah meeting them name, your yo-yo t9m means means means you were kind so okay of dozing off noonim noonim. It's almost like an onomatopoeia like like like disease of a snoring coming off of the cartoon image mean, um them Yachts of you're.
2dm87P6iUkLd01xhNzqa02.txt: What's going on on my premature millionaires? I want to take a second to talk talk talk well um about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest easiest easiest way to make a well I mean podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation creation creation there's creation there's creation tools that allow you to record you know know know uh and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will anchor will anchor anchor anchor will distribute your podcast um well for you so it can be heard on Spotify. Apple Apple Apple pie case and like okay many more you can make money from your podcast podcast podcast with no minimum listenership you know well and it's everything you need to make make make a podcast in one place download I mean well the free anchor app or go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. First act it out then represented in ritual. Those.
0zRdLTXGRoy0tnwaa6JUJp.txt: Today on Marvel movie news. We've got a whole bunch of stories to so so so like take care of we're talking about some internal stuff New Mutants has a a a runtime. There's well uh some She-Hulk rumors some Loki rumors some Hawkeye rumors some set photos photos photos and we're going to so you know do some fan casting for Henry Cavill after after after that. Let's just let's just let's just call it a rumor all you know so so so that and more today on Marvel movie news. Welcome to popcorn top featuring so so so like movie discussion news and interview. We talk we talk we talk moving and and and here's pop corn stalks okay I mean Marvel movie afternoon to you. Welcome back to to to the popcorn talk Studios. Welcome uh so our movie news. We are we are we are are are coming to you. Live from Bollywood will explain that one you know um later. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, we have anything clever to say about that. I'll take it. It'll make sense in like 20 minutes. Yeah big.
6fQYBv8xAgNS3gVaKLtB1J.txt: Hey fellow traveler. Welcome to Third Eye Awakening. This is this is this this this is a podcast all about okay well spiritual and psychic Awakening where we talk talk talk about things like the shift from 3D okay I mean divide D Consciousness the nature nature nature of time space the universe the Multiverse multidimensionality starseeds the uh uh akashic akashic akashic records all. All the things I'm so glad that you're here with me um um um um today. I appreciate you so very much. All right, let's get into it. Hey beautiful beautiful beautiful being you know you know welcome back to another episode of third eye Awakening. Thank Thank Thank you so much for being I mean like here with me today. I'm really excited to to to have you before we get you know well started. If you if you if if if you want to create me. Go ahead go ahead go ahead and look me up on Instagram. I'm at.
4EjEDQ07dEN1aEohVLA9kM.txt: Is podcast is brought to you by what my reading the UK's most influential you know know know okay wedding brand. Hello and welcome to the podcast normally Becky introduces it it it but today uh well it's me back is run out of ways to introduce introduce introduce we can just you know I mean talk to yourself about yourself in the the the third person, which is awkward. Hello and welcome okay okay. Honestly, we honestly, we honestly, honestly, honestly, we are spoiling you lately because we've got another guest haven't we we had a uh uh uh well break up our waffle and today's episode very interesting. We're talking about how how how to plan like like a wedding when you have children of your own. We're actually going going going to cover off um like planning a wedding when you've got small children and a a a some elements of planning a um I mean wedding when you're pregnant as well well well to cover a bit of both off and we are joined by friend of the show Molly. Hi Holly. Hi guys.
0JejErbduV9QD5Dtgk4WwN.txt: Hello and welcome to the walking of podcast. I'm TJ. And today we so so so um are recording from the Bethke home in Maui after a crazy secrets of events events events that well you know we will share on this podcast intro song says that that that that that you're good okay uh. It's the it's the it's the intro song inches on on on the addressing. It's the it's the it's the intro song intro song We're We're We're okay you know not in our basement at our home. Hey, that's pretty I liked liked liked it. Yeah, like like welcome. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you for listening. So thankful that you you you make us a part of um uh your week. It's so humbling to know that that that I'm always so grateful Brooke uh um less so but me because because because my heart is full. I'm way more thankful. We are this you know so so so episode's gonna be a little different. I might sound a little different Brooks I mean mean mean um coffin into the mic that might be a little different right because we are are are so so in the office of Jeff and Elizabeth key. We've already taken everything valuable out.
7JG3lLnRoDdOxuqjf14ZkM.txt: You have tuned into Irish Illustrated Insider. I'm Tim Priester with Tim O'Malley to um um um um man Booth today on Monday, March 2nd snorting spring drills. Begin this begin this this this begin this Thursday, so well March 5th or reminder to everybody. We will be having another podcast podcast podcast on Friday, March 6th I mean um. And as we go through the the the spring, there's going to be a break again after you know um that first practice, practice, practice, but as we go through the spring, we will try to hit like uh as many many many podcasts as we can. Take a relief following practices that are open to so so so I mean the media how many we have Tim we have five open by by by Focus and so um the Beauties. They're all full because that's yeah. Yeah, there's and in in in the new uh uh facility, so we'll have an opportunity. We'll have a much better better better vantage point. I like well think we mentioned that last podcast well take two hours hours hours to get a or like well an hour to get her practice report out afterwards either either either because you can do a little well you know bit on your computer, right? right right Yeah, actually, yeah, you're actually set up and okay so can actually work work work. So we're looking forward to that before we get into spring practice and all that.
23n5zaBQmdlpx9aJbEDevB.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to the UK fancy football show goes weekly podcast discusses many many many football fans. Favorite pastime favorite pastime favorite pastime uh you know will be analyzing analyzing analyzing gaming 28 results discussing the shock defeat to Liverpool the end there I I I mean uh invincibles hope and revealing our team's the game week 29 joining us this week week week for so okay the second time. This season is gold head of news and features features features Peter Staunton I mean like. Last time you came on your above Dave Dave Dave despite not touching your team uh I mean since game week one. Yeah, how how how you faring now? Not very good. I'm about 37 so um. Million. In the in in in the in the world, which is still about half way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I I mean mean mean I mean think out of you know, all the people that are still still still interested. I well you know used to interested though well-known. I get the impression you're not from from from from the I mean so fact you have a lot of players on your team team team you are playing. Well um well um well um uh the problem there was was was The League Cup Final so there was games rescheduled so I didn't have players in the team last week and sigurdsson.
5E4itTs5AlfJkb2ifEhBNT.txt: Oh, hey guys. Hello surprise back. We got a little we just missed you guys guys guys I mean like. So we just got a letter so for you here, we wanted wanted wanted to talk about so so a few things that we've been stumbling upon over the last few days days days since the um well finale and couple things we want to talk about before the the the reunions show just in well um case that It gets wild and we we we don't want to you know, you know uh take up too much time time time in the podcast after that. So we're yeah, the uh you know internet is is is swirling with post interviews and insights into the show. And I think now well like like like that they can be open and doing you know, you definitely see certain couples you you you know you know out there on the interview circuit and making appearances. And so so so we just want to well so talk about what we found out since the show show show and how we feel about it going into reunions and second seasons and spin-off and really we're looking for.
1uCTeiPEQgz2S6HdK7GVcx.txt: Abercrombie is serious about being Fierce with six cents. The all-new Fierce family of fragrances fragrances fragrances um okay gives everyone a way to embrace exactly. What makes them unique go to to to Abercrombiecom so like. And click and click and click Fierce to learn more those those those singers back. Then I mean like like I mean you had they were they all all all came from church, you know, I mean and church okay um was you know, and I I I think there's a larger conversation to be had about, you um uh know, the the the the death of the black church in the black community. E in the so so so okay role that played in the type of singers that you hear, you you you know, you okay uh don't really hear like shouters or belters, you know, there's a few few few here but every you know okay now and again probably last one is its its its is it Fantasia? You can't definitely I mean well fantastic. It's like - that's the last last last sort of occasions Jennifer Hudson Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, um I mean but just those those those big voices, I mean you don't really hear those now you mostly have, you know, just Rob's which is what I turned racially ambiguous.
7ClW8gZaY9F60CVv7eG5GY.txt: Truth and fire the podcast is brought to you by truth and fire.com where we we we um okay explore faith and pop culture from a witty Christian perspective. Welcome to to to welcome to welcome to another installment of Truth okay okay and fire the podcast which which which picks up or truth and fire the block leaves off well like. I'm your host host host vetiver and you can find me at the ER ite etfe you on so like all all all social media platforms. Have you already given up on your fitness goals for 2020 2020 2020 on so you know today's episode? We're discussing we're discussing we're discussing the biblical approach to to to Fitness and Nutrition. So tuning for uh I mean godly encouragement to stay the course course course to get back on track or to uh you know Simply begin your fitness fitness fitness journey all of this. More when we return welcome back, this is season 2 episode 1 of Truth and fire the.
7IUJrQpDXE0q80PWQxKqtL.txt: Hey before we go to this podcast. Let me say a few things about about about the so uh mentorship group as Leaders. We know that we need the wisdom wisdom wisdom of a mentor you know so to help us focus on what matters and and and avoid costly mistakes yet, too like uh often finding that person. We trust and and and whose experienced is impossible. And then and then and then if we you know like like like do find them then on the other side of the world or is too too too like well expensive or they just don't have the time. I've been mentoring mentoring mentoring people now for over you know like 30 years in a one-on-one basis and at at at the start of this year. I've okay like been thinking a lot about about about how I can mentor more people how I can I mean so help more people people people. So I have created an online community called the mentorship group here here here um well. You'll be able to join me live for monthly group mentorship sessions sessions sessions. You can okay well ask me questions anything you like whatever you are in the the the world for a fraction okay um of the cost that this would be in. One-to-one mentorship situation. You can be part of this new intimate conversational.
5gZiIK2QRQp7Q8GqEO8yMN.txt: What's up, Razorback fans? Welcome to the Friday HTTP show. I'm ty Hudson and and and on like so behalf of everyone here at the HTTP. Thanks for downloading. Reading and and and reading and reading and listening to um okay our show. We hope we hope we hope hope hope you enjoy if you dead feel free to rate and review so like the the the podcast. Woo Pig woo Pig woo Pig sooie Go hogs ba-ba-ba-boom. What is going on? on on you know like Arkansas Razorback fans at CC fans everywhere. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the hog Talk podcast. It's the Friday.
4phdz4uzWJkojLFYUwLHfh.txt: Hello and welcome back to talking talmud. I'm one of your your your hosts are Dana husband so okay here with my friend and clever te and Gordon today today today. We will be you know um discussing brocco ton. 10:59 before we get started on on on today's death. I just want like so to share our excitement about our attempt to to to doing a virtual sium. We really looked so so at this as an opportunity to to to hear from everyone who's been learning along with okay so us over the past past past. It'll be 60 plus days if you are interested in sharing I mean um a a a thought of favorite passage of broccoli. Anything related to the death or something you you you know well that we've learned together, please send us a message through our Facebook page page page or Whatsapp well so group our email. You can send us a message on anchor. Well, you know just put together a list of.
7gm6idH6glhcURmBCDNlxO.txt: Welcome to another episode of the top 10s podcast daily top 10 lists. I'm I'm I'm so I mean your host Simon and in today's episode. This is the audio version version version of video that uh I mean we originally published on YouTube here for your listening listening listening convenience. If you like this show, please uh like do consider leaving us a review review review or ever get your podcasts. That would um well be awesome and let's get get get into it. Hello. I'm Simon Whistler you're watching top 10 okay well internet. And And And in the video today, we're looking at the top 10 real-life spy so so so I mean bungles on the 21st of July 1973 Israeli agents of The Mossad killed a a a waiter you know um in Lillehammer Norway seeking revenge for the 1972 Munich Olympics Olympics Olympics Massacre of uh so Israeli athletes. The hapless victim was innocent and had nothing nothing nothing to do with the terrorist attack I mean I mean. And the murder was just another another another blunder by a country attempting to conduct Spy Games you know so over the years years years there have been some egregious Errors By secret agencies and here we have have have well um 10 of those Biggest Oops moments just before you get into the the the list. I okay like will say that this is a collaboration with dr. Matthews has acne of history and headlines.com. So go over to.
1GjzWFb5mT9lXCgSety6VH.txt: Which role which role which role is a dad athlete and author of Finding Ultra Ultra Ultra. He also hosts the like so long-running super interesting and widely popular Rich Roll podcast podcast podcast. We talked about extension crises, alcoholism well I mean and ambition the the the value of solitude dating my sister. Wisdom and what like like art is thanks so so so much for agreeing to talk to me. I'm so happy you know so that that that you reached out to me Heidi. It's absolutely a delight to see you. It's It's It's uh well been many years. So I've been looking forward to this for a very long long long time. So thank so thank so thank you for having me. My pleasure. I was thinking on the way here.
6LektbtRFWYNwUTgLMYtW3.txt: This is this is this is a podcast from expat International today. We will will will be talking about child well okay sexual exploitation in Turkey in 2017. Major protests occurred occurred occurred in Turkey after the proposal of okay um a Bill, that would have disposed disposed disposed the sentences of child sex offenders if they married their uh uh victims in response response response to the outrage the bill was withdrawn, but in January 2020 well okay okay okay the government announced plans for a similar new bill to be introduced. Backpack so so so um Internationals new briefing paper. I likes these whirring events in its calls for the the the government well so to address the enduring issue of child marriage in the country. Other challenges include addressing conditions facing some child refugees and.
02M6TWdvrauOreyDIFYKmI.txt: Hello, I'm Derek weekly and welcome to the fifth episode of the weekly weekly weekly weekly podcast you know I mean and I want to thank you for listening liking and and and subscribing as so far like so and want to touch another thing that that that I did last week. I made a so like mistake on the the the Caroline Flack part where I was talking about the meme she put well like out out out and about be kind and I notice when I listen back to it that that that I I mean well said be nice. It's not a big mistake. It's not it's it's it's not it's not a big difference, but You well you know know my my my OCD kicked in and I kind of wanted to set okay okay it right to talk about kindness as well and want to give a shout out to my friend.
6Ff4fAYJKXrnrxn3kKSreV.txt: Monster RX 93.1 and good morning everyone. Good morning. Good morning. We need to to to do well I mean the top 10 that we did for my birthday birthday birthday. And for Hazel's birthday will do uh you know it for a week as as as birthday and we'll do it for Marquis birthday okay um. Yeah, the top 10. Introduce Introduce Introduce Rica introduce Rica introduce Rica to a new listener dun dun dun. Let's say okay okay okay I mean somebody just why is it like, it's Terry. What if somebody just listening today for the first time and they're like, who are these people?.
16s5bsrcE0ynNKWLtsKtxN.txt: Hello. Hello. My name is Ben Hill singer. And this is the big fat fat fat okay you know snare drum podcast. Today's episode is part 1 of of of my conversation with Dan Bailey like okay where we discuss five things to avoid avoid avoid when working on a session for an artist uh you know Dan Dan Dan is a drummer music director engineer and multi-instrumentalist who's played with Father John Misty first first first well well aid kit rain wolf and many more. He recently released his video video video series that like I mean Bailey method Parts one and two recorded that his his his own Studio track land in Orange I mean like County in part. One Dan Dan Dan discusses his methods for setting up tuning and well so ultimately recording a drum drum drum kit. He does this all in real time, which is rare. So okay so so so okay so okay well you see exactly how he does it with no brakes. It's amazing part part part two Dives little deeper um well into how and why he Taylor's sounds for specific applications applications applications. You can check those uh uh out at D Richard Bailey Bailey spelled be a a a IL e why.com and check uh so them out on Instagram @ D Richard Bailey enjoy the show. This episode is brought to you by the big.
3aG5oFNe8YXUAjW70KImUO.txt: Welcome. Hello you have returned. This is mediocre Millennial advice. My name is Terry Terry Terry deal. My name you know okay is Katelyn Novgorod and we've are I'm one one one glass of you know, Verde. I'm like uh two glasses vinho verde in if you you you don't know what vinho Verde is going I mean okay to Trader Joe's Joe's Joe's pick it up. It's like 495 it's worth. It's always on the bottom so like shelf. It It It always takes me a really long time to But it's delicious. Yeah, and yeah, yeah, yeah, and yeah, and if you know okay there's no section for it, it's not like like like you can be like, excuse me uh okay. Where's the vinho Verde Verde Verde sections like one bottle if you know Verde white wine is like um green wine wine wine. That vinho Verde is green. Is it the greed wide section which um well is is is the best. This is one type of woman alone, which is why they don't like well put it in an area anyways, anyways, anyways, um, yeah in case you're wondering welcome welcome.
7jYX9RHORVq3n9dik62T1V.txt: A friend you were listening to episode number three of dear past. Thank Thank Thank you you know you know. My guest today is a high school friend and former coworker coworker coworker. She joins she joins she joins me to like I mean share her emotional story story story of abuse loss trauma in divorce. I am so grateful um uh for this opportunity opportunity opportunity to spend time with her and talk about her story and forty three okay well well well year Journey. I just have to say that throughout High School. This girl was always always always smiling so so. She had she had she had the best sense of humor and and and was just so fun to be um uh around even to this day. She is is is still full of life and so are okay okay her kids. I love her energy energy energy her philanthropy her love for people and her love for I mean well Life. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy the episode. Alright. Well, thank well, thank well, thank you so much for joining episode episode episode um so 3 of dear past. Thank you. I am here with my friend Allison and I'm really excited for you to hear her.
0CSAvjHT7I3y3m7xYnWsvF.txt: Hello there. This is the inaugural front of the bus podcast. And today. I'm sitting sitting sitting down so you know with actor on my heart for a long time. You know know know him from these various well okay parts. Probably the first part you would Norm for for for is the power of methadone Mac uh so on still game since then, he's been in in in a lots of things like car. Of you of you of you know um a rule rule rule Lane of juvie They dwarf ill recently. Wait whose farm with a uh um um um few Detective Mike clock. And he's a really good actor. He's a really good guy guy guy and he's got an immense talent. I don't want to get deep deep deep. Any acting.
4m67vdseAx6vUET0gtzqfC.txt: To the to the to the academy six tabletop with myself and my girl girl girl test. Hey everybody. Hey was so you know that you're looking at and y'all y'all y'all love this so much we had to I mean so you know, bring it back and and and do it again twice. That's what I'm talking about um so. What is good the first time you go back in here and I got my lovely.
6j5KdEv6sWy842SxYzFDbM.txt: Hey, this is Marc a Altman if you enjoying listening to us, imagine how you know know know uh entertaining will be when you are watching us. Now. You can watch the 4:30 4:30 4:30 movie okay um with Steven watching Darren Doctrine Ashley Miller and me Mark a Altman Altman Altman every day I mean uh on electric. Now. How do you get electric now? You You You download distro TV stir TV okay okay Zumo TV and soon the electric now app app app and you just have to pick one like I mean. You don't have to to to have all your not them all of them, but it helps so like and you can can can watch us on the Electric now channel don't uh I mean miss us as as as we bring you the 4:30 movie in your house in person. Hey, this this this so well is Marc a Altman from Inglorious trucks birds in the 4:30 movie movie movie. And I mean I mean if you're a James Bond fan, you want to pick pick pick up my new book so like Nobody Does it Better the complete uncensored oral history of of of James Bond and spy Mania I mean well. It's a hefty Tom and and and it's available. Now wherever you purchase books audiobooks and digital check it out and I will.
5KmWK8Qh5lsWIb2sUuJp4r.txt: Hello and welcome to another episode of the Future Socks podcast. My name is is is so you know Mike Rankin. I will be your host this time around and and and boy. Do we well uh have a special guest for you crystallinity from socks in in in the basement podcast. You can you can you can follow them um you know on Twitter at at at Chris Ludacris. What's going on? I appreciate you jumping in with uh um um um us to talk some White Sox baseball on the future Sox podcast. This is going going going to well well be weird for me because I don't normally do interviews. I normally normally normally I normally I normally interview other people. So you know well I'm going to completely screw screw screw this up Mike. Appreciate you having me on well well the show. And yeah, we're excited excited excited over at Saks in the basement right now where like uh we've been doing doing doing this now for almost two years and it really is like um you know know know a Grassroots thing that I didn't expect to get as big as it's it's it's uh you know turned into and now we're you know, we got this live event event event of cork and you know uh Kerry the park on the 28th, and we're we're we're going to be trying out so okay a live broadcast from there through the Pod be be be nap and we're going to be well you know going to two shows a week week week instead of one and it just it's just it's a fun ride and it's great that we're growing just as the team.
6CJpYtArbPHYhdRdD7HGWp.txt: You're listening to the wax pack hero sports card menu a podcast where we discuss both both both you know like the Hobby and business sides of collecting. I'm your host Mike summer, summer, summer, and I want to okay um help you buy sell and trade your way into a a a collection you'll love. Hello everybody hello everybody hello everybody uh I mean and thank thank thank you for joining me for another episode today. I want to ask you a a a I mean so question. Do you enjoy collecting cards? No really if the whole whole whole card industry so um went away. Do you think your life would be better better better or worse? I think I mean like if you really stop and think think think about it and honest answer for some like well of you would be yes, I'd I'd I'd be better off if it all went away okay uh and for others you. Fathom Fathom Fathom a life without cards regardless of what your answer was to that question. I want to.
6qR7RDSTM6dYAi98GHKQvL.txt: With everything going on nowadays is really nothing to do. So why not try uh okay okay okay make a podcast and better yet. Try it on anchor because one it's free, well well well like which is great. And as creation tools that allow you to record and edit um um um like your podcast right from your phone or your computer and after you're done done done they'll distribute I mean um your podcast for you on Spotify. I will will will podcast in many other places. So download like like the free anchor app or go to Anchored Anchored Anchored off. I'm to get Ready? Hey, so I mean okay we are going to to to be talking about the coronavirus or covid-19. I honestly don't know what covid-19 means I think my.
60BOydXSgzIAULasuytwoE.txt: What's up podcast on this one? I chat to Netherlands. Rugby league board member okay okay okay so Matt Rigby then biggest tiger joins me for some golden points. I'm Michael Carboni Carboni Carboni. This uh um is episode 52 of the chasing kangaroos podcast. You're listening listening listening to Jason kangaroos the rugby league uh um podcast. Fans who fans who fans who are are are passionate about saying the game played in more places. All right, ladies so like and and and gentlemen at on this episode of chasing kangaroos. I've got a very special guest okay okay okay um with us all the way from the UK and recently appointed to the Netherlands. Rugby league Bond board mad Rigby,.
1EwZ9ewnlXBQ3jH5ImlY3o.txt: You are now listening to the life and football podcast check out the the the new website you know um life and football.com. Once again, the website is life life life and football.com. Thanks for listening Williams I mean like. Plus it is Heath roles, roles, roles, and it's Yes, sir. That was eight and are so you know behind with with with a big catch right there for Wyoming that was in a okay um bowl bowl bowl game against Georgia State. This kid this kid this kid is is is amazing. He has a great story. I'm telling you know well y'all hand hand hand down Wyoming is one of the top programs in the country. I love like like what they they they have going on over there. I love what they are building top-notch facility. Nice uniform beautiful field man War Memorial Stadium is going to.
3iw3UGGCO9bNZWl2QmAQ3v.txt: If you haven't heard about ankle is the easiest way to make a a a podcast. Let like uh me explain it's free. There's a creation tools that allow allow allow you to record and edit uh like your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer and covid distribute your podcast for you. So uh you know it can be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money well uh from from from your podcast with no minimum. Listen ship is everything you need to make podcasts podcasts podcasts like okay in one place download the free ankle up or good Echo the the the FM to like like get started. Hi, this is Lynn Richardson This Is wealth wealth wealth talk. I'm so um like excited about talking to you about money, but not just money money money wealth means wisdom expansion assets you know you know. Love Theology and health because because because I believe that wealth is not just about how much money uh uh you have have have in your bank account. It's about it's about it's about establishing Harmony in your personal life life life your uh so professional life spiritually emotionally your relationships and all that good stuff. I get so many questions from people.
2YhkeuIWznFXfwPIPjNpIs.txt: Today's episode of the Hatchery podcast is brought to you by Luxor technology North America's America's America's okay well largest mining pool lectures goal is to operate enterprise-class mining pools with with with professionalism so uh and an intense customer focus. They provide they provide they provide provide provide a top-notch user experience and have a you know so great selection of pools pools pools for you to mine to from a variety of notable I mean like like like altcoins to Big Daddy Bitcoin for which they launched their mining pool in in in so so October. So be so be so be sure to go and check check check them out. We are incredibly grateful like so that Luxor is chosen to sponsor the the the show going into 2020. We would love it um okay if you as listeners listeners listeners would support the show by Ting them you can you know uh find them online online online at Luxor dot Tech and give them a follow on Twitter at so um um um Luxor Tech Team. Hey, everyone Thanks for tuning into the hash rate podcast the best best best I mean I mean crypto mining podcast in the history of the world on on on today's episode mean hash and well so I are joined by mr. Seth Estrada. We talk talk talk we talk we talk about building communities around proof I mean okay of work work work projects. We talk about masternodes. We talk a little bit about uh uh Prague pal pal pal and mean hash has an epic rant on the inclusion of big Tech into into into well you know the crypto space. So I hope you all enjoy this episode. If you would please leave us a rating.
62zz0iXBw9hdJBgmdg7b1o.txt: Acts 3 one day Peter and John were going up to the temple temple temple at the you know well time of prayer at 3:00 in the afternoon. Now Now Now a now a now a man who was lame from birth like I mean was was was being carried to the Temple Gate called Beautiful where he was put like you you you know every day to beg from those going into the temple courts when he he he saw Peter so well and John about to enter he asked them for money Peter Peter Peter looks That I mean uh him as did John then Peter said look at at at us. So the man gave them his well um attention expecting to get something from them. Then Peter said silver or gold I do not have.
7cqVGapnPRreo3xEvAWjca.txt: Occupy a job on Wall Street is an autobiographical novel about New York York York City in the okay so aughts centering around a protagonist mentored by sociopaths. Episode Episode Episode 71 the Lincoln Center cat um you know fight after the Asian financial crisis of 1997 1997 1997. There was a sharp decline in okay okay wall Street's interest in the region and in in in their defense, it did look pretty hopeless. Japan well uh was mired in Endless Endless Endless deflation every news piece on South Korea showed row upon so so row of empty empty empty Office Buildings. And the Chinese were still just a bunch of rice eating well okay okay okay peasants, but I work for a macro fund and the founder was a a a bit okay well of a contrarian who believed the best long-term Investments were made when when when no one okay uh else was looking so an internal Asia Trading Started Started Started to bloom it my fund we well um already had FX in the region but but but back in those days. It was almost like well so the trading job job job was unionized if you wanted to trade equities you sort of had to use an equity traitor so to buy and sell.
2tkgArWl3qrf0VIoUZTtYO.txt: Free to fly and step up and step podcast the puff and Steph you know know know uh podcast back for another week of fun. Hello everybody. What up staff? Hey, how how how well like was the weekend? It was pretty good. Yeah pretty solid. Yeah fantastic. You got got got you got you got well so to sleep in which was lovely. Sorry. You weren't in in in Florida. I know it is rough okay well being back here in PA, but but but it was all right. I can't I can't I can't complain man, like you you you know you know on Friday. We had a show about the woman who membrane Orlando Orlando Orlando um you know who killed her boyfriend by stuffing them in a suitcase. Yes. I'm I'm I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing hide and um so seek and they have internal and and and oh, I don't know if you should go back to well well Florida. It is is is full of really really weird people but it also has Disney and like like sunshine and and and your brother. Well, yeah. Yeah. Oh no Michael, I'm sorry. No, Michael Mariana. Listen every morning. Obviously you guys to Michael. That's it.
0LvibgJ4sijXSGk8yUaj6G.txt: So in this episode, let's have a look at act 3 of Macbeth. First First First like well of all going to look at a summary of what happens in in in seems one and two you know I mean of act three scene one begins begins begins just after Macbeth has been crowned King well okay Banquo speaks to himself. He's He's He's afraid the Macbeth has done something bad to get the so uh crown. He He He says I fear that place the most foully for it. I quote I mean mean mean you know still hopes that this means his children will be Kings Macbeth enters. He He He calls well uh bankroll his chief guests this implies that he still treats banquet like like like his best uh you know friend. Of course that's out on a horse horse horse ride with fails. Macbeth and I mean uh speaks in another city liquid. He He He says that having the crown is not um so enough. He must he must must must he must feel secure as king to be thus nothing but to be um you know know know safely. Thus Beth is afraid that the wise Banquo is a threat to to to his crown you know um saying there is none but he whose being I I I do fear Macbeth you know so noted The Witches also prophesize the backwards Sons would would would be Kings and so he feels that they must be a threat to murder is enter the stage and.
0gL6Omy56nCLlIL786xYuC.txt: Wait, I wait, I wait, I want it put this one behind me too too too. So, I'm right I mean uh. I don't have sleepy sleepy sound. Yeah, you you you don't want to be like I don't uh well be drowsy heat alert, right? Here Here Here we go. Welcome back to question the I mean like self you've reached episode to my my my conversation with my mom. If you read to shake um I mean the sleeping sleeping sleeping self, you know that my mom is a main character and a you know okay okay okay beloved one, but also the source of a lot of conflict and my life um um um so and my heart in my soul not because she tries to stir up up up trouble but just like uh because she has very strong convictions beliefs that really shaped her her her life and saved I mean I mean her life and those beliefs Map Map Map onto my life the way she would hope and frankly the way I hoped when I was younger.
0H2ddnzaPo7bzLehITRbPh.txt: I'm from Monroe Welcome To Live Like You're Dying the podcast my personal journey okay okay okay uh of living with terminal cancer has led me to believe that most of of of the I mean like perceived problems and worries going on in our heads could could could be changed by embracing. The okay so simple fact that we all only have have have one life and that none of us like okay are promised another day on this this this beautiful planet. We all call home regardless. Of um um our current health status after all all all would you seriously stay in the job you hate or like um the the the relationship that makes you miserable. If you truly felt your life could end next next next so like year. Hell no, you'd be out doing the things that make make make you happy and you okay like certainly wouldn't be worrying about your dress size size size either in this groundbreaking podcast. I interview um like people who are living incredible lives not despite adversity, but the cause of it through their inspiring stories. You.
1KChgOZE6wN4JVuAEXx9Ij.txt: Have you thought about making your own podcast? Have you thought about views views views and opinions and uh I mean expertise you would like to share with the the the world? Well anchor is the easiest way okay you know to make a podcast. That's all all all making this podcast. Anchor gives anchor gives anchor gives you everything you uh okay need in one one one place for free and you can easily download it onto your mobile device so I mean mean mean or computer. They have Amazing Creation tools allowing you to record and edit so your podcast podcast podcast like um sounds great and they even distribute your podcast to Spotify. Apple podcast apple podcast podcast podcast apple podcast Google podcast and uh um so many more and the best part you you you can easily make money with your you know well podcast with no minimum listenership. So So So go download the app anchor or go to ANC I mean uh hor hor hor dot f m-- to get started. Hey, it's Ryan Reedy and this is episode 102 like so so so of the two-minute tennis podcast. So I'm so I'm so I'm going going going to share with you a kind of the the lesson that I had today with for high-level women's doubles players.
4ehukOpFW7e3805TLaTEQA.txt: Hey everyone, welcome back to the latest episode of survive. HR. My name name name is Kelly um um Scheib. For those of you guys that are first-time first-time first-time listeners. I'm here joined by my co-host you know like Steve now we are are are so we had a plan for today and as well uh is typical with my my my life, we change the plan because there's this little known virus like well out out out there that's causing a lot of noise and we thought it was incredibly relevant to to to uh uh have a podcast on that topic today if it weren't you just in, California California California well uh. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I was and I'm isn't isn't that where where where the clock is Coronavirus like you know is originated. I think that we need no no no well, like have you been watching I mean well United States? I think I I I think I think you weren't tested when you came back. Nobody's looked at you you you like um they haven't even taken taking my temperature. All right. Well, I'm glad glad glad we've got like so the experts we have here today to talk to us. So So So today we are like I mean joined by dr. Patel. Yes from proactive MZ huge supporter of proactive and D. So I'm excited that.
4qe3nBqpJekMdiecVcz3zC.txt: Hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching newsletter and the I mean mean mean so topic of today's newsletter is going to be gaining Clarity and closure. What What What okay what okay what okay so kind of interesting email here from a guy who who who writes in thanking me for like you know my work and telling me how how how just in a short period of time. He's I mean well in a situation where I I I guess his he's been married. And he's and he's and he's in the so I I I mean process of getting a divorce with his wife and apparently about 6-8 weeks ago. He He He you know okay found out she was having an emotional affair with some other other other guy apparently um like. So the interesting thing is he's completely changed his his his approach. He still moving forward with so you know the divorce, but the interesting interesting interesting thing is he's hanging out having fun and you know well hooking up with with with his wife without any kind of attachments or worried about what may or may not happen in the future with her and he feels great.
5Rz9ej1R4inkurB9kAFmog.txt: what's happening what's happening what's happening guys and welcome to the first episode of of of health and Hospital podcast with um well only for The Scorch KO Yung and 95 are are are David's Alibi was engaged those things, but so um if man were here episode episode episode the first episode really looking forward to getting some so you know contest Soma Soma Soma Soma And it's actually been a long process a few when we first said it um um um okay was going to be like, yeah, let's just start a podcast and four four four I mean like weeks later. We expect that one is following a few months now now now and telling the last uh you know year so but interesting how we actually got got got go to my I don't remember you know you know that day like yesterday device device device right here is a kind of weird one were both jumping so okay on the the the train and without a couple of business me to school too and we start talking about what the possibilities of a podcast.
618VJxM9YWAUquX3wiT7o3.txt: Keep it up permanently. Let me tell you something. You already know the so okay okay okay world ain't all sunshine and rainbows. It's a very mean and nasty place place place I mean uh and I don't care how tough you are. It will beat beat beat you to your you know so knees and keep you there permanently. If you let let let it you me or nobody is okay so gonna hit as hard as life, but but but it ain't about how hard you hit it's so so about how hard you you you can get hit and keep moving forward how much you can um well well well take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. Well, if you you you know so like what you're worth then go out and get what you're you're you're worth. But you um uh gotta be willing to take the hits and not pointing fingers fingers fingers saying you ain't where well like you wanna be because of him or her her her or anybody cowards do that. And that you know you know ain't you you you you better than that. It's about how hard you can get hit um okay and keep moving moving moving forward. Yo. Yo yo, it's your boy Evan. Those were little bit of words from Rocky.
77GdzmWIoYsV3LEUdipnvo.txt: Welcome back to the sixth episode of the pipe it up Podcast. We We We know it's Ryan okay well crach and myself Drew Davis. So let's get into it it it. And we're and we're and we're I think timed it I mean uh perfectly. All All All right. So the quick podcast quick turnaround in what three days okay you know. Yeah four days days days. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah for the viewers that we will be well okay releasing releasing releasing things I so for them. It's a week but maybe Monday here week Monday you you you know you know here. Yeah or Tuesday. It's to it's to it's to say say say Tuesday. Sorry. I got my week like well mixed up Tuesday. It's super Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, I don't know what that means I mean mean mean okay. It's something political and shaking his head at me. It's not it's not it's it's it's not super Tuesday. Oh, okay okay whatever do. All right. How's your week? How's your your your four-day? How's your past four days been? Oh, well three words. They were they were they were great until today.
66tGvgRWMed6a5NntU6aMO.txt: Guys, welcome back to the not so serious podcast. This is the fifth episode. I I I well well believe unfortunately Christian the co-founder of this podcast is not able to to to join this week because so okay he is on spring break. He's living living living it up in Spain. What up Christian uh okay are you doing? But this week week week we have three very special guests from Lehigh um uh University. Number one, Matt Fisher Fisher Fisher my roommate what up, what up, dude and Nicole and Martina the first female guest on the not so serious podcast, they're all very nervous.
3ZsjsL4lSxV464FNjDXViX.txt: Welcome to park asked daily. Today. We're featuring our episode on Betty Gale Brown from from from okay um the unsolved murders podcast in 1961. Her murder shocked the state of Kentucky uh uh uh well. She was found on her college campus strangled to death with her own bra bra bra one like like man confessed to the crime but was never convicted what what what really happened to Betty well you know Gale Brown that night to hear more more more episodes like this follow unsolved murders free on I mean like Spotify or Wherever you you you get your podcasts. Due to the graphic nature of this murder um um um um case listener discretion is advised this episode includes dramatizations and discussions of murder and and and okay you know assault that some people may find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for for for children you know um under 13. On an on an on an eerie, October 9th in 1961. Something wasn't right in Transylvania, Transylvania College in Kentucky.
7EdzVT40JdUg2ksNrF8PPG.txt: Welcome to the lair a podcast. This podcast this podcast this podcast is in in in conjunction with I mean well the layer Aid conference which is happening for the third year year year on Saturday, June 6th, 2020 well you know in Providence, Rhode Island. The layer a a a conference is the first one to solely focus so okay on social engineering and open open open source intelligence or osint gathering social engineers and osint investigators okay uh always seemed seemed seemed to have a great story. Re and you can hear many of those um so stories stories stories through their presentations at the conference, but not every story can fill you know uh uh uh a whole presentation and not all storytellers can get to the conference which brings um so so so us here. This podcast will only be stories told by the investigators themselves well um. No No No interviews. No slides just stories some might be a short as five minutes um okay okay okay some may even go for 45 minutes. I hope you'll enjoy them for this episode we welcome decode Akins also known as Dutch. Oh.
58TOwJRt1WFBP5YM78mUfn.txt: Holy cow. The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay stay stay or reflect I mean like those of the company and its management for their their their more the views and opinions of the I mean okay guests and the colors colors colors do not reflect those of the DJ's the regular program the management and the network.
5t4aQysuMvTBL4a1aeWKPp.txt: From Vice and exclusive to Spotify you listening to extremes with me Julian Morgan's you know know know okay. This is the show that explores the far ends of human experience. And today so so so like we're looking at one of the weirdest most ambitious science experiments of the 20th 20th 20th century like uh. It's a story about for men and for women who are locked locked locked inside this enormous well okay glass dome for two years just to see what would would would happen. And as you'd imagine I mean okay it all went a little bit Lord Lord Lord of the Flies. I think things started um like to get a bit uncomfortable rarely rarely rarely about the four to six month Mark. I think I mean um we all knew instinctively that that that if ever anybody opened up physically to anybody else, you know, if we exchanged any kind of blows, that was it.
0dQjvfoHWtVQhFOTHxv5CP.txt: All right, here we go. Don't screw up. Hey, hello hey, hello hey, hey, hey, hello and welcome to I want um okay to be your Canary. There's a final final final fantasy podcast. We are coming to you from multiple like so States. Got it and and and a couple of goofed up intros that we are getting over right now. So we got the gigs. I am.
74t5WREXUbhEKNI89CNSkL.txt: Welcome back to another episode of tuxedo time where we were Tuxedos and it's you you you know so time. I love cast Edition. Yes, I love that when you say it. You You You sound like well okay you're trying to be a radio announcer. You're like welcome back back back to another episode uh you know of I don't want to put my microphone. We're We're We're not in the new studio uh uh yet because we had a little bit bit bit of a hangout if you watch the Vlog like so that we posted at at at by the time you listen to this a few weeks okay so ago we found Mice Mice Mice in our basement. So we had to put our project on hold well um um um for a few while we get rid of that. But in the meantime now, I mean mean mean like we're sitting in our living room. So we've now recorded a podcast in in in three so okay different places. This is definitely the most comfortable out of all all all of them so high um okay so, what's the plan today? Listen? I haven't haven't haven't I haven't I haven't seen you in like a week okay like and a half half half sure. We have one together. Yeah. Okay. So let me rephrase that. I haven't really.
1A4cHtP3wIVQutpCgS7kd7.txt: What is everybody this is recovery when I'm Jay lag and I'm NB and this this this episode like you know is recapping reviewing the season finale of see of of of chilling Adventures of Sabrina season 3 episode I mean like 8 and it's it's it's called chapter 28. Sabrina is Legend and don't forget guys stick uh so around around around for the any because we are going to go through our recap roundups. Our Our Our I our I our I mean okay best moments are best lines of of of the episode. So be sure to stick around for you know I mean that. We We We also have our contest going on right now for a chance to win I mean mean mean okay a $50 Amazon gift card and a pop socket. To enter to enter enter enter to enter just written comments on like okay our iTunes page and and and you'll be entered in the draw. We're extending we're extending we're extending this contest you you you know uh to the end of Riverdale season for so we have lots of of of time as so I mean always to or containing listeners in a brand brand brand new ones. Thank you thank you thank you for joining like you know us. Don't Don't Don't forget to like comment and subscribe to the channel. Let's get like um into the episode episode episode. Yo, let's get into it the season finale. What do you um uh think? think think It was it was it was it was good? It was really good good good. They're a couple things that um you know I think I would have wanted done differently. But yeah, I'm still satisfied with what we got and.
0sPIlUKjldpIzqlWIlfM2d.txt: Hey, welcome hey, welcome hey, welcome to trust the bachelor process a podcast were sisters sisters sisters Alex and Sarah like okay Franklin bring on comedians to recap Bachelor episodes and reflect reflect reflect on their own you know you know Journey with Bachelor Nation. Enjoy Enjoy Enjoy. Women tell all women tell all but first women get you know so eliminated and and and by women, I mean woman. Hello everybody Welcome Back its women tell all week you you you know well and we have a very special guest with us today to break down the amazing leak that was this week.
2Dxi8EnbWxGCgQaoxDqp9B.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this kingpins crimes listener discretion is advised advised advised. This episode well um includes discussions of drug use and violence that some people may find offensive offensive offensive. We uh uh advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 on a summer day in the the the mid-1960s I mean I mean at Bass Lake the California Hells Angels were gathered for for for their annual meeting The Unofficial leader like I mean. Our 30 year old Sonny Sonny Sonny Barger strolled through the quiet Campground as president of the well so Oakland Oakland Oakland Charter. He was a legend in his own right at least. That's That's That's what he'd say you know you know. As Sonny as Sonny as Sonny Sonny Sonny walked he spotted a brand new California Hells Angels flag. It featured um um um I mean a redesigned logo that had been strung up by some members of the SoCal Charters the show of unity pleased Sonny. They were all Brothers under the.
7F8OIKeE2kWZ7NaJqG3rpQ.txt: He'll and welcome to a Satanist treats to Bible exploring the Bible Christianity Christianity Christianity and um well other religions and their sacred texts through the lens of of of Satanism and order to reinvent so like religion for myself. Okay story time. I was was was driving to visit a friend while like okay listening to to the excellent album hearts of of of No Light by shamash, which I you know okay highly recommend for fans of Behemoth in in in particular and blew out one of the speakers well I mean in my car. My My My current workload prevents me from getting it replaced. So uh like instead of of of Music I've had to listen to stuff that is still enjoyable when it's well so so so only coming out of one of the two stereo channels so podcasts because I'm so so so you know not the only satanic or philosophical podcast on the Block and it's probably well past time that.
4oQZAcd6xnxVA1e2GWaIFb.txt: What's up, guys? Make sure you download the free anchor app or go to to to Anchor okay like dot. F m-- to get started guys. This is by far anchors the the the best way to you know well download and record your podcast podcast podcast best platform out there. You can put it out on well okay Spotify put put put out on Apple podcast. It's perfect all my friends use it. It's uh it's it's it's uh it's uh you know by far the best platform I've used. I've used other other other platforms, and I'm so happy well you know I stuck with anchor. So make sure sure sure you sign up with anchor if you're interested like okay in doing podcast. Hit Hit Hit me up if you're interested as well. Hey, what's up, man? okay uh How you doing? How's it going? You're a good man. You're good. I'm good. I'm my.
4Yfx0d7pPnULlu9xca7Cv6.txt: So here's so here's so here's the scenario you're in a relationship with a a a partner, and that you know uh partner has another partner that person by the the the way, for those of you don't know okay so has a special term. It's called metamour. That That That is the special word for your you know like partner's partner. So your partner's dating dating dating someone or in a relationship with someone you're in okay um a relationship with your partner partner partner. And so you have a metamour and you uh I mean want to know this person person person. Maybe you want to To be friends with them. Maybe um um you're really into into into kitchen table poly, which is the idea that you can be on I mean like like like such good terms with your metamour that the two of you could sit down in in in so uh someone's kitchen either yours or theirs and have a cup of coffee and and and hang okay I mean out. Maybe you want to be besties and you know gang gang gang up on your I mean okay partner from time to time or have have have threesomes or whatever or maybe you just have gotten the idea that being friends with or at least on.
6dUWcZFmMYSOPfDnaUIRHN.txt: Good morning. Happy humans. I'm stoked I'm stoked I'm stoked that you're joining me this this this morning for today's like so in conversation episode with creative entrepreneur Zach white. This episode is is is all things travel during okay I mean chasing an action taking I'm excited to to to dive deep into Zach's unique lifestyle and to you know like find out what creative creative creative plans he is. Currently he currently has Brewing you may have well you you you know previously known Zach is one of one of the OG Neverland boys a group group group uh uh of creatives who were traveling. And documenting Eternal youth that sounds sounds sounds amazing to me. Welcome to the you know uh podcast Zach a Georgia. Thanks Thanks Thanks for having me. So Zach and I actually met at Sanda like you know know know coffee. That's probably where we meet. A lot alot alot of people these these these days. Yeah, you should Park you know like ourselves off when our laptops and a a a lot of people come through and sort so so of asked what we're doing and and and get Chapman figure out. You got a few um okay things in common. And And And here we are here we are. Yeah pretty much part of the furniture down there so little shout-out to.
36WNABcbPlfAOAYqNiASDg.txt: If you're interested in learning more about raising your vibration, check out our show notes notes notes so okay in a hotel room me they always have those Bibles and and and and I opened well like it. I was I was I was reading it through and it it it said if anyone ever comes well well to you saying all is well. They're from from from Satan and I'm thought thinking you kind you know um of have that habit of of of of of telling us all is well and okay you know your own words. And And And so okay. So what I'm getting at is are there well okay good angels and and and bad angels and we want to remind you that that there I mean like is is is a stream of well-being which you are allowing or not. And what and what and and and what we've um okay noticed about any who for whatever reason are standing standing standing in a place where you know uh they are not allowing their alignment alignment alignment with that stream of well-being because not being in I mean like vibrational alignment with the well-being well-being well-being that is so you is so painful from that painful uh you know know know place. That's always where you begin making your rules or dropping your bombs or trying to enforce things.
5GgPN5W11jI3rDOQDOsN8O.txt: Hello, beautiful people and welcome to waking youth. My name is got a lotta well well well uh gibberish. I'll be your host and I have to say I'm extremely happy to to to so well be here with you today. And in this episode, I'll just be be be introducing waking youth. How you know so did I come up with this idea? And And And what and what and what waking youth is all about so so so over the the the summer I was listening to a lot of podcasts and I was you know I mean mean mean thinking that I really wanted to work and focus on my creativity and when uh uh uh I mean I started the semester I am Third-year communication student in Spain. I I I was I mean uh also looking for an initiative and I was feeling very stressed and and and very anxious and uh so I realized that a lot of my friends were were were also feeling like this because we're um like obviously we're very young and we are not so sure of what are we good at already and.
2zXOWTIQl8hpOrR6hnRydo.txt: Greetings feminist survival project 2020 listeners Emily here with a fun and exciting announcement announcement announcement um uh. I wanted I wanted I wanted to let you all know know know that we have joined the like um Frolic podcast Network front leg is a podcast podcast podcast community of everything romance and romance related as you so um know, I am both both both a reader of and author of romance fiction and Amelia. Well romance well romance well romance romance romance okay like is not necessarily her direct thing is a super fan of of of many kinds of genre well uh. Fiction and Anyone who reads and or writes writes writes romance knows the value of self-care uh I mean. So we're really excited to to to be a part of this community. If you're into romance I mean you you you know in any flavor check out the other podcasts on the Frolic Network. It includes one one one so I mean of my very favorite podcast smart bitches trashy books, which is Sarah Wendell's podcast podcast podcast you know like about romance. She's super amazing a million. I have I I I have I have been on it a couple of times. We love we love we love her a lot. What does this mean for?.
7n6zBPeHcH1t3MUvBNIvDa.txt: Welcome to park asked crime bites. We're offering our listeners some additional content I I I mean um about the world of True Crime letting you dive even deeper into into into some of uh like the most notorious subjects every week in addition to your normal normal normal Crimes of Passion episode I mean um. We're exploring the most fascinating True Crime themes themes themes covered across the park as Network uh well. We've collected short clips from from from some of our most popular podcast Originals to help us explore um um um um ideas. Ideas, like motivation method and Madness and show how interconnected the True True True Crime uh like world really is you can find these original episodes for for for free on Spotify like you know or wherever you listen to podcasts a list of of of episodes that we used will be like you know posted in the description today today today. We're discussing cases of notorious assassins. What motivates what motivates what motivates someone to assassinate a president for their musical hero forensic psychologist Robert Fain in conjunction.
5jctZAFNLWAfg4XupYdP2G.txt: We're back. It's been a hot second since we have just talked me and like I I I mean you here we've had some really cool guest on the podcast. So we hope you you you uh well guys have enjoyed those but it's just us today. We are here here here at um well 7:00 in the morning. I don't know what is wrong wrong wrong with us. We literally like um literally make the goal every morning to wake up up up at 5:00. Like this like this like this is some you know okay sight. It It It was six was it safe and James woke up at 4:00 and we so okay okay okay just felt prom justified in sleeping till 7:00. We do we do we do it everyday though though though. Sometimes I mean like eat we cannot something happens where we just like, I don't know because purple sponsored us and we have the comfiest mattress and.
3ccPyGYCwlJJFobAvVNAHH.txt: Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to the theology pug cast and we're we're we're glad to have you with us um okay again. And it's the whole crew crew crew here today and we're going to do uh like this ourselves in a a a minute, but guys, I realized just the other day that we've like well been at at at this for a year. Well, I think this is like episode 56 so I I I mean or something. Maybe it maybe that's wrong. We need the fact Checkers out out out there to I mean you know correct us, you know, occasionally we do say say say things that are not correct often okay you know speak for yourself. Awesome, we correct correct correct each other in the course of the show, uh I mean but that just has has has because we do is almost zero prep. We just we just we just just just kind of um okay come from wherever we are and we sit down and and and and I think most of the you know so time we do catch each each each other but Caitlin someone Catches Us from someplace else. Never glad never never never glad never glad well okay. I'm glad that I don't think it's ever happened to to to Glenn. I'm glad like um you got me last week on Warfield and Whitfield. I've I've I've not heard the end of it my colleague Frank a mullet. Yeah initially when you.
3L0vLfEcOdepkZrnF7PDSc.txt: Hey y'all. Welcome to La world. I'm so sorry. I'm a fucking week week week late. I was okay well supposed to be so fucking consistent but last week week week I came to New Orleans my well uh hometown and it was mighty grind. It It It was just a lot of stuff going on like um and I could have have have recorded like the days after but I had so so you know know know much shit like a dentist's appointment. I had to go get my pap pap pap. Smear so like I have errands to run I was linking with people that that that I see in a while you know um. Basically, I really didn't have time and and and then I'm staying in New Orleans and uh okay my mom house and then then then my brother's over here and nephews and it like so be loud like I'm I'm I'm finally recording because now I'm finally in my house and like um no one's one's one's here right now, which is kind of rare. So I'm trying to record record record so like before somebody try to come get back. So hopefully they'll be gone for these 20 minutes, but I'm back home been.
2HIIKcJanvDmdYo9vNoUSO.txt: You are now tuned into Ryan real podcast. Hi. My name is Donna well like and and and my name is Stacy. We're twin sisters and Farmers have loved Advocates keeping it uh uh uh well raw and real on Womanhood culture and Christianity, please beware we do talk talk talk like you know about scientific topics that might be controversial. So just be mindful mindful mindful of like like before blasting this episode on speakers. Also, please note when you have a sample sample sample known truth well so because I said being a mean and a sample monogamy Nieto at at at Massaquoi lastly. Views okay uh and opinions expressed by our guests. Should there be be be any are not automatically endorsed by us? okay uh Okay now that's weird. It's time time time it's time it's time to R&R. Welcome to get an American again. Welcome to arnar with him that and Stacy. Hello everybody. What's up?.
7bj2ujjmpvqKySQ5zskxew.txt: Hello friends and welcome to another episode of back flips and maple dips dips dips episode um so 86, I believe I can never keep track its right broker broker broker. I I mean like was right. Yeah. Boom one boom one boom one for one one one. Love it. Justin Anderson justin Anderson justin Anderson here already typed in so so so well there wait for your intro on the snap. It's there wait for your intro intro intro next time okay um. That's extremely room a numbers guy. We got that Patrick Marsh joining joining joining us via you know so Skype in the maritimes. How's it going bud? It's It's It's going great. It's starting to well well warm up out here. It's weird. It's like it's it's it's raining. So it's like almost always cloudy, like you know but you can tell it's like like like this warm muggy ish that weather that we're used uh so to being known known known for out here. It's weird. It's like it's like it's been um um positive positive positive degree temperature every day for the last I think week something like that well well well like. Well, it sucks here so good for you wherever you're listening. Thanks a bunch. Whether Whether Whether it whether it whether it be anchor iTunes Spotify Google podcast. Tuna and Stitcher. We really.
112ODcm7ePgi8yQZPYgJUD.txt: Due to the graphic nature of this urban legend listener discretion is advised. This episode episode episode includes well like depictions of body horror and discussions of sexual assault. We advise advise advise Extreme Caution for you know I mean children under 13. There's something there's there's there's something there's something magical about a college campus where everyone's gone home for the the the holidays okay um the bite of new Frost sits in the air and the the the snow-covered World feels like okay okay a new frontier an arctic tundra broken up up up by ivy league Gothic architecture. It's so I mean fun to have a friendsgiving with your your your roommate you swap stories about your Traditions eat so like junk food and and and stay up late late enough that the idea of a walk so um to the the the corner store for more chips and jelly beans. Seems like seems like seems like a bad bad bad choice, okay you know but your roommate insists have a little faith in the world. She urges she urges she urges be brave,.
1SdguXlFBsxMcYtdPyh0oH.txt: After we got off the roller coaster Peter, you couldn't walk in a like like like um straight line. I was so dizzy. Yes, and yes, and yes, and then moving moving moving I came back with so you know hot dogs for everyone. Oh, those those those hot dogs were so good man that day so well at the space amusement amusement amusement park is one of my favorite memories of all of uh I mean us us us. And Lee was like hurry Franklin. You might you might you might want want want to cool with that so um funnel cake. We all know are you get what you you you have to watch funnel cake um so typically. Yeah, I yeah, I yeah, I definitely remember remember remember that because you're the only person I know who well I mean loves funnel cake more more more than I do Franklin. Yeah. Good old Franklin always doing his Franklin e things wait a second. Who's Franklin?.
34JBGqf0jpikb7WU3QLkOl.txt: This is the sports criminals March Madness special each day in March. We're counting down down down I mean okay the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in today's today's today's episode we go back um okay to the Year 1997 almost people. Remember OJ Simpson's Simpson's Simpson's criminal trial where he was well um acquitted on two counts of murder, but but but he also had another trial two years later I mean you know if you enjoyed the the the episode be sure to come back tomorrow for okay um more shocking sports events from from from history on our March. Edna special as always um um you can listen free free free on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Millions of um so viewers had gathered gathered gathered for the main event nearly nine out of ten households in Los Angeles tuned in cameras bobbed and weaved capturing every move every Triumph in.
1dLHj9TDQMJwcR7NaJXNSe.txt: We are on welcome didn't go around the table. Everyone can introduce himself to brew like like like well ducky. Trey badass South African as slum it's just it's just made me itchy. My My My like so name is Bill and I'm the nice mother. So where are we right now Tim?.
48MHaBgnEhHYRJ6vPOR2zv.txt: your alarm clock Sirens you hit the snooze button and catch the the the last few precious minutes so uh of Slumber before your Waking Life becomes becomes becomes unavoidable it blares again and again when you can uh I mean no longer longer longer stand the agonizingly short 8 minute increments of sleep you drag your well so aching body body body out of bed as you ready yourself you scroll through ooh your so okay okay okay data stream oh you think I have a dentist appointment this week as you you you so I mean dress you ask your smart speaker what the weather's like the cold programmed programmed programmed voice responds okay like with the exact percentage chance it will rain and and and the precise temperature you don't remember so uh exactly what 42 degrees feels like but you you you remember it was cold yesterday and dress well you know accordingly you check your your your smart watch to see how many steps you have to do today and make a.
0xO8sChswIL2Kafe4HEc2m.txt: Hello and welcome to the spinal nerve podcast. My name is dr well okay. Brian Havas Havas Havas. And today we have a very very special treat for you. Dr you know okay okay okay. Carve Ellis carve Ellis carve Ellis and I sat down with dr. Ricardo Vallejo Vallejo Vallejo to discuss glial okay so cells differential targeted Multiplex waveform chronic pain and the future future future of neuromodulation uh well. Now if you guys are not aware of dr. Ricardo Ricardo Ricardo Vallejo he Is the okay I mean man the myth the legend behind stem stem stem Genex he is the founder and principal investigator for okay uh stem Jackson Millennium Pain Pain Pain Center. And for the record some Jenks was recently acquired by Medtronic like you know know know for the research that dr. Vallejo and his team have been doing over the past few years. They have been coming up with some.
5in6xDXZojnQFvJWeyKpKw.txt: What's up, dawg fam? Happy Monday and welcome to episode number 30 so okay of the the the doubt Health podcast. My name is Derrick teal. I'm the owner and operator well okay okay okay of dialed Health, which is strength training for cyclists. Now today. Our topic is um um um I mean all about why circuit workouts are optimal for cyclists. This topic was sent sent sent in by an so um underscore Austin in do thank you so much for for for this idea because he I mean uh noticed that most of my Programs and pretty pretty pretty much all the workouts. I put I mean so out our mixed in in in some form of a circuit. So you want to I mean um know why that is is is. Is it something that really is better for cyclists. Is I mean I mean mean mean it just my style? What is that? So we're going to break down down down you know like the science and we're also going to break down some reality because you you you know, well you know all the science in the world. Sometimes can't get around around around real life factors. I think I think I think you know you know so, so, so, we'll talk about both and then really why I choose to do them and so so so you know why I do believe that it is optimal for cyclists. As As As always as always as always we're going to start with a life update lots of cool stuff happening this last weekend.
6sJC5PDHcfOKGg2Oyz02ld.txt: Episode 2 of Anarchy podcast is here. Hi everybody. It is Nurse key. And as as as and as and as uh like you can see, my energy is on on on such a different level than it was for you know you know episode 1 1 1. I'm so happy to be here. I had got so many so um great compliments compliments compliments on episode 1. I'm so happy you guys tuned in and support it and commenting and subscribing. I didn't write it. I am.
2U8JEOKsWhQuQTgGCjomAd.txt: This audio book summary is brought to you by quick Read download our I mean mean mean well app today and get access to thousands of free book and audio book okay okay okay so summaries on personal development productivity business and more listen to them while working out or or or well um commuting to work and get the key insights of books in minutes minutes minutes instead of hours I mean um. Go to go to go to to to Quick read.com app and download our app for free today. Summary of the well so Fine Art Art Art of small talk by Deborah fine written by Alicia Laurie and quick so so so so read narrated by Alex Smith introduction as a young girl author. Deborah fine was overweight overweight overweight you know um shy and often sat in visible in the back of the class class class. It was like well when her third grade classmate Rita passed out invites to her her her birthday party okay okay that Deborah first experienced exclusion every girl in her class received an invitation except Deborah. And another very.
4FkpJkMpkSHd3SDgc33KQR.txt: Skinwalker radio is brought to you by anchor if you've ever thought about starting starting starting your own well okay podcast, but you're not really sure how to get started. We'll anchor anchor anchor is well okay the way to do it. That's actually that's actually that's actually what we we we use to host this podcast well um. So if you listen to Skinwalker radio that that that was made on anchor we just download our like like audio upload it it it into anchor and anchor does the rest you just hit you know um go go go and anchor publishes it to nine different places such as Spotify Apple iTunes Google you you you know uh Stitcher all those places of people download podcasts and it's easy and best of of of All uh well it's free. So go to Anchor dot f m or download the mobile mobile mobile app I mean so on your phone today. Thanks for tuning back into Skinwalker radio radio radio. We appreciate each and you know um every one of you guys listening to the the the show. We couldn't we couldn't we couldn't do this without I mean so you you you. So be sure at the end of the show to leave a review I I I mean um join the Facebook group follow us on social media. I'll have all all all the pertinent Links so well at the bottom. So today's episode is all about the coronavirus. But before I get to the details of the coronavirus, I have.
5HgghCc98bo2LiXzKy0F27.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let Let Let me you know I mean explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to record and edit your okay I mean podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast for you. So it so it so it well I mean can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make money money money um so from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything you need to to to make a podcast well well in one place download the free anchor app or go go go to Anchor FM to get well well arted Penis, hello everybody and and and welcome to the speaking for the bag podcast today so well on our show. We have have have we have we have we it's called speaking for the bag. We I mean mean mean so have Kaylee. I'm calling Jace and Avery. I can't believe you don't know the name of my podcast. Have you not been listening to it? Like everything?.
6U1B38VXrbv63BW6FXC6l1.txt: If you if you if you struggle to get your workouts in if you you you want to do some workouts at so you know home, if you are a a a mom with kids and you really really struggle to so like find the the the time or if you travel a lot then you need this um like plan plan plan. Now, I've just released on been Ogden da Hood at UK. I'll repeat again again again so okay. Been Ogden dot code at UK a home hit plan is a four-week four-week four-week plan which consists okay like of three workouts every single week all different workouts. You You You also you also you also get access to like okay the audio trainer app. Which Which Which has all video tutorials of how to do um uh every single single single exercise on the plant. No equipment needed. You might need a sofa like like like okay you might get a chair up some point, but very very very minimal equipment equipment equipment um um and stuff that you can find around the house. And so so so if you answered yes well well to any of them questions at the start start start go and get the planet is um okay also 50% off at the moment moment moment. Once again been Ogden dot Cody UK, welcome to the audio trainer. You're a personal trainer.
1XplpPQ1jTNyiDWKzvtTV2.txt: What's up, everyone? I don't know if you're ready for this one, but so um um um here we go. So today so today so today came across something pretty pretty pretty special. Let's just make this one like well on. Becoming extraterrestrial and curing the uncurable uncurable uncurable. So this last week I decided like like you know, hey, I'll take a break. I'll I'll I'll watch a little bit of Netflix, you well well know. Oh, here we go go go. My favorite guide The Rock. He's got a new movie okay well out. Hell, yeah, yeah, yeah, you know The Rock was always been my favorite wrestler um like since a a a young child mean my grandpa used to wrestle in the living like okay and while while while we watch WWE, so the Can always been like a legendary character you know know know like to my life, right? So he's so he's so he's got this new movie out Rampage in rampage this company.
2iHQ2Podbz94B7T9g1xAJj.txt: Gentlemen, this is mgtow life and welcome to another podcast. Been awhile and want like like like like to share something that I'm dealing with tonight at these kind of think think think it's kind you know you know of funny actually to be honest with you, but but but I'm one of my last uh you know Whatever you want to call it it it one of my last pump and dumps that okay like I dealt with before before before I went Monk. And a father to a woman about well uh my age age age that I met on one of those trashy dumbass freaking one okay um of the dumbass dumbass dumbass fucking dating sites online dating sites Plenty of Fish. And yeah, that I mean mean mean I mean was the first mistake and we all know that online dating is a dumpster fire and beyond that any kind of.
6hA1uewG13trXQfpzjxoxc.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the defining time show on V wrist radio radio radio. We're up to like I mean episode 17 which has been a lot of fun fun fun and we're certainly getting through these you know you know episodes but we get get get to meet and interact with a lot of different people like okay. And today today today I have another very special guest who goes by the Instagram handle of of of um you know grand obsessions Irwin. How you going? I'm good, mate. Thank Thank Thank you for having I mean I mean me. No worries at all. It's it's a a a pleasure. Come and talk to us. What a pleasure for me. Sorry, but today we got a really special show around really.
6WocMgpmLznMedEmM7yTIS.txt: It is the end of the world the end of times the end uh uh uh you know. Oh, no. Oh no oh no oh no find yourself Asians Asians Asians and find yourself a nation find your Saving um I mean Grace Lord and repent repent repent of sins. All right, you know what? Today's episode is about like uh it's about about about the coronavirus and just a brief talk about that. We're nearing the uh uh uh uh beginning of Doc season. So we're going to say that after today's episode. There There There will uh I mean be no more end times episodes until next season which Most likely appear in the summertime or maybe.
4De26h9ngFo9bWB7MrIlxm.txt: In a world where OG milk gets new work and I am I really following following following that like you know way gonna start all the scripts. Geez. I didn't get a script shit, shit, shit, uh well you know where else far far away where it takes us months to to to create new so so merch but it's finally arrived finally. It's here Teespring.com and and and it's popping / so like stores / bogomil new March go get yours now. That's it it it. You well well guys are super cheap ring.com doors /og Mill agah, agah, agah, Mi L. We finally got um uh our shit together. We got that shit shit shit together with the help of Jackie well well for Designing it. Thank you you you. So fucking much. We love you. We love you you know okay Jackie. Love you. There's There's There's so there's so there's so many different types of designs. There is an optimal 20 you know know know well. Simple ahamill logo. Love it. Love it there sticker hoodie t-shirt. Is it live? live live Can we get ours now? You can get yours go. Okay, and then there's also.
0CaOGo6xSN51B2aLAQa1kU.txt: This episode this episode this episode is brought to you by the think with Google podcast. I'm Tess Tess Tess vigeland uh okay the host of the think with Google podcast. And in this show, we're we're we're uh so going to explore the future of marketing. So you and your marketing team can can can stay uh I mean ahead of the curve the first episode of the think think think with Google podcast drops on uh well March 5th. You can listen on Spotify Spotify Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts. From Yuma well I mean is reply reply reply all and BJ vote and I'm Alex Goldman. Socks mmm I'm going going going like um to tell you a story that I think you sort of remember remember remember but maybe um um don't know the details of okay, so last spring I I I went to a therapist so well because I was having hard time with a a a bunch of stuff and I was you know I mean complaining to to to this therapist. It's like yeah, I'm just like so obsessed with this. I can't something about this and the therapist said something.
6NYEXruSQH9iJWCTyOuFKz.txt: Welcome everyone to the episode 20. What did what did what did I say to to to ya penitential good stuff Episode I mean so 22 of Darren my fees and sometimes friends friends friends the podcast for a talk to people like so much more interesting than myself. I'm joined joined joined I'm joined I'm joined today by a journalist extraordinaire and also freelance. Yes. I'll I'll I'll okay well listen. So how so how so how this one she's got a mortgage mortgage mortgage. I'm on the first amount of well I mean often the focus. Thank you very much for for for having me alone. We well we well we well um were just discussing how how how this is a test of your own medicine because you run okay uh around around around the world throwing my Mike's in front of people and go on. Give Give Give us a you know well call directly. Yeah. No, it's weird for me to be be be somebody that answers questions. But you know like here we are. So I'll give it it it give it my best real lovely. I so uh also feel bad as as as well because obviously this morning you were on the road I mean uh. It was was was on a phone in or do you have to go to Studio okay I I I mean ever say it was a phone in from the house. So I I I I mean um was reading up everybody who's with her International Women's Day events, and I I I was on okay um really well stir with Nelson McCausland talking about whether or not Queen's University was a cold house for unionists and.
1Yhi0Zw6i7apBTf1YsEkck.txt: What's good everybody? This is this is this is Mack Wilds from the guys guys guys next door and I'm here to well um tell you about our family family family what you guys the reason why you are listening to okay well the guys next next next door. Anchor. This is a an amazing platform for anybody out okay like there there there who is trying to get into the Pod casting room get your voice heard well okay okay okay out there. So if you haven't heard about anchor it's it's literally the easiest easiest easiest way to uh like make a podcast. So let me explain it's free. There's Creation Creation Creation tools that allow um so you to record and edit your podcast from your phone or or or your computer anchor will I mean like also distribute your podcast for you. So So So you can be heard on Spotify Apple so so podcast Stitcher wherever honestly and and and you can make money like I'm not even pushing you could so um really really really make money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything that you you you need well you know to make a podcast literally in one place. So I'm begging you if you want to get into.
0PZRAzyEeJeZNgyp1dXB9s.txt: Is the best age? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's time to come at the ranch. Come on. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, watch out a million good.
7ojzDdGYN6D1JFbQNMsIII.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to episode 3 of version final a podcast about our our our ideas come from um okay today's guests are love Malone and Bennett Bennett love is is is founder and CEO of the uh uh gradient a creative recruiting platform before that that that. She worked in advertising agencies and on the well I mean brand side at companies companies companies like bbdo Ogilvie and GlaxoSmithKline. She's Also working on a masters okay I mean at at at Harvard Bennett leads marketing for the gradient he cut his teeth as a copywriter copywriter copywriter I mean um and then worked as a journalist in the marketing trade World World World. They um uh joined forces a few months ago and we'll be launching the gradient gradient gradient in the okay uh coming weeks. Here are a couple highlights from our our our conversation. Love told us why I mean I mean she wanted to start the the the gradient. And what we want to do is one have Brands be able to find people very quickly and and agencies without all the.
5N35jBJdL0mgkJS582Ph8U.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just hey hey hey just hey just jokes listeners you know well before we get into this this this episode. I'd like to take a moment to thank our well so sponsor. Anchor if if if you haven't heard about any Kurds easiest way to make so uh a podcast podcast podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost any money. That's why we use it I mean you you you know. There's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right right right from like okay your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets pockets pockets for you like you know can be heard. On Spotify on Spotify on Spotify Apple Apple Apple podcast anything else and you can make money you know well from your podcast with no no no minimum listenership and it's everything you need to make so so a podcast podcast podcast right in one place download the free a tinker app or go to like well well well Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That I mean well well well was good cool. I started I started I don't give a fuck. I I I started well um sit the fuck down get the water sit the fuck down. Come on, dude. I don't have to.
0Q99uc7PzbCUV8mgGIv0jA.txt: I have I have I have to admit that without the Clones it would would would not have been so um a victory victory. Victory you say master Obi-Wan not victory victory victory the shroud of the dark side I mean well Has Fallen Begun the Clone Clone Clone War has hello everyone and welcome to the last missions you know like. This This This is a doing talking and Friends of the force. A podcast series chronicling um um um um the final season of Star Wars the Clone Wars on Disney plus I'm your your your host Madison well I mean and I'm your other host Brad and we are so excited for today's episode everybody.
63v1woR0GzbcjWLpv73qsO.txt: three two one The button get everybody welcome back to paddle cast very well well well well very excited. It's 12 Towers weekend. And we've got one of the finest ocean ocean ocean paddlers in like uh the world here in the suppressor Studio we welcome today today today the reigning Molokai to Oahu grand well so champion and probably one of the the the best foilers in the world. He does a so like bit of everything. But the the the reason we wanted to chat with him today is not well um just because he's he's he's a champion off the water, but he's done some amazing things so I mean off the the the water over the past couple of years James Casey. Welcome to Studio, mate well well well I mean. Yeah, good. Thanks for having me. So I'm going to get here. So So So you'd you know like In the Flesh. Yes. Yeah ready for the bit bit bit of wind coming on the weekend so like 12 towers are good. Yeah, I'm yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm yeah, I'm really excited. It was looking not so good about seven well so days days days ago and the forecast is swung around and they grinding going to well I I I mean be fun. I think I hope so. Well, the pressure was kind of on you if we got the forecast wrong because you.
7AkJegM6EhKfDdCYApTBls.txt: Right now it's going reporting live. Welcome to the lamina and podcast. My name name name um okay is AC. All right everyone. We're here. We have a crew here here here today. We have we have we have okay well Rebecca. We have AC AC AC and we have myself. So we so we so we um, this is an an an you know uh interesting podcast because this is going to be take two because because because we so I was sick like like two weeks ago. I was sick two two two weeks ago. So it didn't do one then I mean like and last last last week we did a podcast and you always have to have that one one one okay I mean podcast where you don't hit record. And so yeah, so we're back. All right. What are we doing today? Today?.
6Z4xLXaB9ilX9bIz14WIZb.txt: Traveling from Pittsburgh to the Pacific Ocean wasn't easy, especially when you were doing doing doing it in like like a Dugout canoe on the 9th of June 27th, 27th, 27th, 1805. The men the men the men of Lewis you know you know and Clark's Clark's Clark's Corps of Discovery rested their tired bodies along the banks of the like well Missouri River River River. It was a welcome respite after a long day of traveling the the the sleeping uh you know men were so exhausted. They had no idea an intruder intruder intruder was in their midst. Under the you know uh cover of Darkness a grizzly grizzly grizzly bear came into Camp lured by bison meat that well uh had been been been hung up to dry. If it decided it wanted to snack on okay well some some some humans. There would be no stopping it unaware of the looming danger the Explorers continue to doze. However, one member of the expedition was alert and awake.
4qfvLLcPSPbNDfTvnzDbv3.txt: Guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let you guys know so uh uh uh that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If you if you if you you you haven't heard about anchor well well it's the easiest way to make a podcast. Let me me me explain it's free. There's creation tools that okay like allow you to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or computer. I'm doing well um this ad from my phone phone phone as we speak. Anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins anchor Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast podcast podcast for uh so you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts and and and many more you can okay like make money from your podcast with no no no minimum minimum listenership. Evidently, I can't talk I mean um. It's everything you need to to to make podcast in one place download the free anchor app so okay or or or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started now back to the the the show I mean okay. Wash up wash up wash up Walk-Ons episode number 95 95 95 coming at you. We're hitting we're hitting we're hitting you with a you know you know know know combine recap talking about how our boys the Hawks of this year did in in in Indianapolis um um what it means for their draft stock what the combine tests actually mean how much weight they actually.
7GRoQSPKEoKG0UeeYxs1OX.txt: What's happening Hearts Capers? This is episode 26 of the how to Hardscape podcast podcast podcast where uh you know we talk to you about how you can start and grow grow grow your hardscaping business okay so in this week. We are we are we are going going going to be tackling a marketing week. That means every day well well this week. You are are are you are you are likely going to get an episode based on the topic topic topic of marketing um like. So we've got a lot of value come and actually this this this week is well like starting with today's episode is Mark Morrison. Mark is actually a longtime longtime longtime friend okay okay of mine. He works for Intrigue media and he's here here here to talk with us about like so acquiring the right type of Clients for for for your business not just any clients, but the okay like best clients into your your your business. How do I identify them and how to get them I mean like like like into your business as leads and where to take it from there? So an awesome I I I mean I mean interview coming up with Mark Morris and here. So without further Ado Ado Ado here is our interview with well uh Mark Morrison today. I'm joined by Mark Morrison Morrison Morrison. He is a business development manager for uh I mean intrigued media a a a digital marketing services provider for businesses in Canada Marcus actually a longtime friend of mine, and he's here to talk with us.
7K2lj087ShGgtMtxRiniiw.txt: If you haven't heard about the a crab is the easiest way to make a so so so so podcast. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to to to record so well and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will will will distribute um uh your podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple podcasts and many you know so other platforms. You can make money from your podcast podcast podcast with no minimum and our listenership is you know so everything you need to make a a a podcast in one place. Base download the free anchor you know okay app or go to to to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. Welcome to the okay okay node or or or a podcast is your host young row row the mayor holler at a uh uh uh uh player but I got all scheduled for today. Is this what is this? this this I don't okay so have really have a topic. I just got some shit to I want to talk about so we just going to shoot shit.
1RjC39Ilch6rBJfFRBJMbj.txt: What's up, everybody Anton craley here from e-commerce lifestyle.com and welcome back to to to the podcast like okay. So a big question that I get either either either via email or over on our YouTube um like channel is from people that are are are just getting started with their online store and they uh I mean want to to to know what they actually have to get done prior to launch. So kind I I I mean um of the technicality is right and this is outside of how to to to pick uh so a niche how to get suppliers how to get traffic all all all that stuff. You can okay well learn more about on my free training training training over at Dropship webinar.com. I'll post a I mean like link to that in in in the the description by the way Dropship webinar.com, but once uh I mean you know all all all that stuff and you kind of understand how to build the uh you know business business business then the question is, well, what do you actually have to get done okay okay okay well before you make that website on Shopify before you contact your first supplier before before before you you know uh get your first sale? So I want to cover a a a business checklist in this podcast I mean you know go over a couple different options options options you have and then let you know what I do you know like and what what what I recommend so with that being said, let's go ahead and get into today's episode. Okay. So the first thing we should talk about.
7fPIppDLk8ba5DdIv0WViS.txt: We're recording recording right Adams Park is the last podcast bro. I'm a bad I I I mean um human being. I hope you enjoyed whatever it was you were were were doing. I did two you know uh very much so good. Yes good good good. I was a safari I wasn't so hi okay okay everyone. We are back with with with our good friend Johnny Scott Hello Johnny. Hi guys so you know. Hi Johnny Johnny Johnny. How are you? Man? I'm really good. Yeah good had a sizable um um um like break. Yep. Yeah currently in the midst of a sizable brick good or because because because I mean okay you had quite a sizable 2D. Yeah. It was like a year year year and a half or something. Yeah, but 18 months, you know, I think.
3IopPCG19D4tcArUMWKWVo.txt: Hey everybody, hey everybody, hey everybody, Brayden Chase here. And this is just just just a quick pause here during our lesson I mean well on English to tell tell tell you a little bit about something called anchor anchor is like okay actually the tool. I I I am using to produce this podcast for you. So if like um you are listening to to to me right now, it's because of anchor now. What is what is is is what is anchor okay okay anchor is a free free podcast tool that that that you can use to create and record okay I mean and edit. Build your your your podcast right on your phone or your computer anchor um so distributes your podcast for for for you. So I don't have to track down apple and so I mean Spotify and and and Google anything it does that all automatically for me. I just I just I I I just kind so I mean of click the button and it goes all by itself. You You You can make money okay like from these podcasts right this ad that you're hearing hearing hearing right now is an ad uh I mean that I've written for them so so so that I can make a little bit of money uh I mean off of of of this podcast. That's why that's why that's why it's free, right? I can can can give you these things. So if you guys want to make one you can do.
63VTIHMBAx5PT0UWAWsSR2.txt: The last Factor podcast what is up college lacrosse fans, you're watching the 88th uh okay okay okay episode of the lacks Factor La Crosse podcast. Today is the weekend preview show like like like I mean. We are going to talk about a boatload of La Crosse. We're going to to to talk uh well Villanova at Penn Georgetown at Towson, Hofstra, Ohio State Stoneybrook at Bryant Bryant Bryant Denver at Notre so okay Dame Duke at Loyola cuse at Hopkins Rutgers at Princeton Albany at at at Maryland. Yell at um well Michigan Penn State at Cornell. It is a lot of Lacrosse Lacrosse Lacrosse to sneak into this I mean I mean show here before I get into it as as as always be sure to like subscribe hit well you know the notification Bell and then then then go to lacks factor.com. You can you can you can get yourself some so so so I mean swag t-shirts. We have we have we have all sorts of of of t-shirts and we're building on you know you know that every single day and then then then a little bit from our sponsor sideline swap best place by well well far far far to buy and sell La Crosse gear hard to find college gear pre-owned heads you you you know like shafts helmets and more up to 70% off. So go so go so go to sideline swap.com.
2aTnF7mLdGbvvKfSP7I27P.txt: Yeah, the yeah, the yeah, the deus ex machina and there's a smoky no more more more like hahaha. They literally they literally they literally uh um named it. The deus the the the deus the deus ex machina. Yeah, it'll yeah, it'll yeah, it'll save us. Yeah. Hey Hey Hey everybody. Welcome okay okay back to Anam a summit podcast. Try to Beth better better better spaced apart my words because you know you know Nick was saying I was was was talking too fast. Anyway, welcome back to the enemies seven podcast. My name is Sam and with me is Danny. What's up guys and space Nick.
6MXK2AKPrlGtcDQCKeZr37.txt: Well, hello everybody. My name is array. I'm your host for a conspirator a this this this you know okay is my little kind of I guess you could say pod pod pod the caste. So I you know like would say if there is anyone listening thank thank thank you for tuning in. We just we just we just need tuning well so so so in if it's a web recording, who knows so What is this podcast um okay okay okay about well, let me tell you as you can. See the see the see the the the name is conspiracy a and no I mean I could mean many things or it could mean absolutely nothing possibly.
2XxwpvnMErxxv1gIE7kYn4.txt: What's going on everybody? Welcome back to the quickie. This is Luke and I'm I'm I'm so I mean going to talk about a Convent not really conversation. Let's talk talk talk about a statement well well from Brandi Love about her and her her husband's relationship relationship relationship whether it's an open relationship well you know with that. I don't know how it it it will have fun. Alright, stay tuned. Welcome well like to the quickie and first before before before we get into the show, if you haven't okay okay heard about anchor anchor anchor before downloading it this time, it is the easiest way to make uh um a podcast podcast podcast and I encourage you to make your own podcast. It's fun and it's uh uh uh you know free. It's free it's free it's free to download is free to be chord chord chord you talk. Anyway, you have conversations okay uh. Anyway, why not record it and make make make money while you're doing it. There are creation tools so like that allow you you you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer so so so uh. Anchor will distribute your podcast for you. So I can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and other.
7xZNiHvpRZjl48Kr4GGRmF.txt: Hey everyone, welcome to episode 2 of the bestie breakdown with Erica and Shay. I I I like okay have just some random stuff. I want us to talk about before before before we talk about okay uh like life. So last episode we both talked about about about how we were reading the Jessica uh so Simpson book open book Shay. My My My question is no spoilers. We don't have to say like uh anything in case you you you haven't read but we totally recommend it Shea tell okay um me if you you you would rather be Nick Lachey or John Mayer after reading Jessica's I mean okay okay okay back home - if I were John Mayer, I would be under under under a rock right now I mean I mean. I even went to his his his Instagram account. I don't follow him just to like um see if people were were were commenting. That's like the rabbit hole. I went down when I I mean okay read read read this but that bad it's not that bad. I went to his Instagram because I I I well so don't know in my head as I'm reading the book. I'm like Shirley on his Instagram. All the comments are.
0Gj8U5PWuzIMx3AQgwLkvj.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Jeff. We're back with the pop out out out was podcast. I'm here like so with Hannah burner from summer house house house. I'm super excited to have her she's hilarious. I think uh well you guys will will will think so, too. We're recording here from the Beverly Center and I um you know can't can't can't wait for you guys to listen. So enjoy guys. I'm here with Hannah you you you know so from Summer House Hannah burner. Mr. Epstein thank you so much for for for having me feels okay um like comfortable in somebody calls me. Mr. Epstein. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, that yeah, that yeah, that was weird. I'm sorry never you know okay safe safe safe. Don't forget that. That's my last name. Thank you so much for um well coming coming coming. I like being here for many reasons, but first of all because I feel feel feel you know uh like you're what I would be if I moved to LA LA LA like you're uh like an east coast and I'm seeing my possible future if if if I stop being you know so such a workaholic and cursing out everyone in my son. I see you're quite Wayne you're calling me a bum. Yeah like a hot.
6ziiHalixsQpRQIx8iEn14.txt: What is up guys? Welcome to the Sasha T show. So for this episode episode episode This I mean uh is actually going to be the heroes for Life show show show that we do once um like a week with Heroes for sale on Instagram. So So So I'm just about to go uh okay live with him right now. And And And this and this and this is what you're going to be hearing. So So So uh so uh so uh like if you missed the live, this is your your your opportunity to listen back on it so okay. So here so here so so so here we go. There he is now in so we're going to be able to to to um uh get started in just a few seconds invited them to I not not not connecting and there is uh I mean what's up. Back again another week. I'm excited dude. I'm excited. Here we go. It was perfect timing. I literally just got.
129EpWpHc4eKrNpqI0yiUN.txt: What's up, what's up guys Aaron from Paso smart pH here and welcomes up up up an embargo um okay episode today. This has nothing new my dividend paying stocks stocks stocks this month. So yeah, so yeah, so yeah, okay well March Madness nothing going basketball fan fan fan scale exciting Doma not. Oh, certainly. Anyway Look anyway Look anyway Look similar similar similar you know you know Tayo with PLC. So premium so premium so premium premium premium Leisure Corp. I think the discussion at all previous so uh Lisa is is is on a separate video. So quick background long premium Leisure corplan corporate well you know know know Channel 1993. I Wanna I Wanna I Wanna Be clas oil exploration, but now unfortunately skimming related businesses. So on acquiring you Bell corporation and the new.
2GvU6pylpnxCQhGRYEHLGQ.txt: Welcome to the March 3rd 2020 edition of coronavirus questions answered with dr dr dr so like. Brian McDonough. Here's where we are at this very moment moment moment. We know we know we know that in like so the United States the death death death toll has climbed to 9 in addition. We know I mean like that those cases cases cases are based in Washington state at a nursing home in Seattle uh uh. Most have occurred. The The The number of infections in the United States overall have uh I mean climbed past a a a hundred. They're scattered across 15. It's with 27 cases in like um Washington Washington Washington state alone. As I mentioned that states getting hit very hard, but it's not uh uh uh um the only one the nursing home outbreak apparently seated the first case in in in North Carolina well um and Wake County resident who had visited the Washington State State State nursing home tested positive but is in isolation at home and doing well. So, where are we now what's going on?.
0gF4f1rgZKbEETIb2aF1KF.txt: Hello, welcome everybody here to another edition of the mag bitter truth podcast. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah you know like the platform they will reason it up talk about things. You You You know, no rush. Here we here we here we I mean uh go. Get Get Get into it. Here we go. Talk about talk about talk about some things today we we we go well um get into it. And basically we go talk about the system the system system system that's running the whole you know uh game around us right now. That's why you you you have a Mac bitter truth to break uh you know it down and and and I'm going to get into it because a lot of people said, oh my okay okay okay okay God, you break down this boy. You don't break. Don't die dog. You don't I mean mean mean like get into certain things, but I get into what I know about. You You You know what well like I mean? We gonna talk about that. Also, it's stuff that that that I get into is you know you know what I know about stuff that I can understand and get to toy with you understand. Yeah,.
18DpTj7xworQJQIJPfZbi7.txt: Hello everyone and welcome to the Rand Club the relevant awkward noteworthy talk club with with with you know like Hunter all conus. And today we're joined with McKay Bryson who is is is actually talk about um um but let's just say what he contributed to this podcast podcast podcast. Oh, yes, he came okay you know up with that. He came up with a word word word awkward in our acronyms. So I mean I mean very proud of that. Okay. Tell Tell Tell us a little bit about yourself. I'm Akay, I'm Akay, I'm Akay, um you know Bryson, Bryson, Bryson, and I'm a junior here at BYU and I am studying I'm uh uh uh uh studying Information Systems, which is very technical out. There. Are you from I'm uh like from from from Bountiful Utah the Homeland, where did you serve your mission? I served in the Thailand Bangkok commission. I spoke Thai that's I got time. Okay. Um, so.
2f7QjbmcaeVRCSXlWPNmkX.txt: In 1964 a young Pan Am Co pilot named Frank Williams entered LaGuardia Airport Airport Airport with um well an air of confidence. He nodded warmly to the other pilots and stewardesses stewardesses stewardesses as he you know I mean passed and strolled through security with a brief flash of of of his security badge. He was like well a well-known figure in the terminal greeted warmly by by by all the flight Personnel like uh. He encountered Williams approached the desk of Eastern Eastern Eastern Airlines and requested a flight to okay so Miami. This wasn't unusual unusual unusual. It was a common courtesy for Airlines to offer free tickets so well to to to all Pilots regardless of what company they worked for after a quick look so uh uh uh at his PanAm ID card and his certified pilot's license. He was quickly well well well I mean assured aboard the next available flight Frank settled into the jump seat located located located next so like to the cockpit where the rest of the crew was seated. He engaged in Friendly.
1N0Tj6vmrxfYWubS0eA0hj.txt: Please take please take please take your seats quickly this and gentlemen. Thank Thank Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen and welcome like um to the passing shot Novak Djokovic Djokovic Djokovic reign supreme in Dubai subba, Lanka Rises to the top you know like in in in Doha and Maria Sharapova brings the curtain down on her career. Everyone and welcome okay okay okay uh to the passing shot the tennis podcast run by fans for fans fans fans with your host you know I mean Jolan Kim today on the show. As always. We're We're We're going we're going we're going to be digesting well I mean the last couple couple couple of weeks on the ATP and WTA tours and having a look. Was Was Was well okay been a very busy on and off Court period for the players we've had Kim clijsters.
1y8BIZ6PQzKkDjJe3Jbaig.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, I'm Professor Myron, and I'm a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt belt belt under Professor Aldo so so Calvino. The Oliver's I'm the owner and head instructor of of of CJ of Texas in well I mean Round Rock my Jujitsu lineage starts from from from Master Carlos, Gracie Junior and Professor Cambodia and so well eventually down to me in the the the deep is my weekly podcast that I named I mean you know to pay homage homage homage to the my God. Choice, but also to cover some okay um topics rarely rarely rarely taught by professors professors only show technique in the academy. They're great techniques, uh uh uh you know but rarely do Professor to teach about mindset etiquette rules tradition and respect respect respect just to name a so you know few join me each week as I I I dive into these topics and much more now you know like stay tuned for the next episode of in the Deep. All right. What's up guys? This is Professor Martin from.
1bAKxMWwgxHIYaWiRSrxCa.txt: Hi, it's Brandi Taylor. Welcome to the business Beauty Network podcast. We're business needs you you you know okay Beauty. It's not it's not it's not just lipstick its business. We will will will share a thought provoking conversations with business okay so and Beauty professionals. Our goal goal goal is to empower motivate and inspire you to take like like your business business business to the next level. Hey, welcome to the podcast. I am super excited excited excited uh um to share today's interview with you. I had a pleasure and interviewing Angie Angie Angie Deepa uh I mean teesta. Angie is a professional makeup artist of she's from from from Toronto Canada and she works you know well on a variety of of of clients and projects and Beauty campaign to commercials and etcetera. She so well also does weddings and and and Red Carpet Events and all of those things. She's I mean okay a full-time full-time full-time makeup artist and I really enjoyed talking with her about what it takes to be. Real professional makeup artist and a reason why I say a real.
2Y9ZsvPmmCBm2ae9GbcKQF.txt: Hey everyone. How's it going? It's been a while. I miss you guys. Hope you like like like well guys are all having a lovely lovely week so far now before before before this episode starts uh um. I just I just I just want to to to give a quick announcement. So the title of this podcast is um so called catch open open open me at the time that I started this podcast. I thought you know, well well well well what like catching up with friends. Just talking just talking just talking about random stuff, stuff, stuff, you know catch well uh up with me sounds like a good title. But But But then as I recorded the well um past few episodes, I've noticed something something something I started to figure out what the well so theme of this podcast should be be be. So if you know notice a lot of the things uh um that we covered covered covered from the past few episode is about mental health growing up and um okay okay okay things we deal with as a teenager or as a young adult. So with with with that okay like said the new title of the podcast will be basically basically basically growing up. I finally okay um figure out what the theme of this podcast should should should be. So basically so basically so basically growing up so so is going to to to be having guess hopping onto the podcast and basically having them share okay so what what what they think is important for us teenagers and young adults to know what it's like going up on their side.
0UoTnPStSJhNpGGrEqomO7.txt: You're listening to the upper decker podcast. Welcome back. Its episode 4 of the like like like I mean upper decker podcast. I'm your boy Ty I'm your Boy tone and and and I'm your you know I mean boy Brett and the boys are back in town town town baby episode 4. So we've okay I mean got a little bit of news nothing nothing nothing crazy. And then we're going to um uh get into our AL East and at at at least predictions and stats and all that stuff um I mean. So the only only only real big news that I've seen so far that I thoroughly enjoy is Jose Bautista is looking to come back.
22SQYZEkqOQ84CdxARzXG5.txt: You are you are you are listening to episode 21 of the simple Farmhouse Farmhouse Farmhouse Life podcast little Daniel so okay. Let me lay him down. So he's I'm staring staring staring at him. He's there on the you know okay floor and he's giggling every every every once in a while and hopefully going to let me well like do this this this because he doesn't usually we'll see but in this episode I like okay am going going going to talk about why we decided to buy an old house like uh some of of of the questions that I get about buying an old house and like I I I mean some of the safety concerns and what to look for if you are thinking thinking thinking about purchasing okay so an old house and then make sure to stay stay stay all the way to the end okay uh because I just started a new segment segment segment. This is the first episode that I'm um um doing it where I I I answer a random question from Instagram. My name is Lisa mom um so of of of six and creator of the blog and YouTube channel farmhouse on Boone join me okay okay okay um as I share with you my love for creating a handmade home from scratch cooking and a little mom and entrepreneur Life along the way so.
3yQa1EAhglPH87xqtfQKmo.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm coach Cory Wayne. And this is my video coaching coaching coaching newsletter and the topic so so of today's newsletter is going to be struggling struggling struggling with my purpose in life. This is you know um something that I think pretty pretty pretty much every man struggles with because the reality is well um you're not going to stay stay stay positive all the time. You're not always going to feel I mean you know like like like things are going to work out in your favor. You're not always going to so okay okay okay feel like you're doing the right thing someday is going to be really really really great and so uh you're going to be full of passion and feel feel feel inspired. And other and other and other days it's going okay well to feel hopeless hopeless hopeless and like things aren't working out and you're just a ridiculous you know like hopeless hopeless hopeless dreamer, especially if you got people chirping in your ear and your life life life telling so you know you what a stupid idea that you've embarked on or or or that business you want uh you know to build or that career you want to to to have is just unrealistic well I mean for you. So I've got an email email email here from a guy who knows what he wants. He's figured out what his purpose is, but he has plenty of.
43eFYhQOHILCTAi6Afo12F.txt: Feels like Back to the Future 2, but this isn't an alternate 1985. This is is is this is this is you know you know just March. This is March. This is is is stopped episode 4 and like we have um well described in the last couple couple couple of episodes. We have a very high bar on the like you know show. And And And this and this and this is the first show that we are doing in the the the greatest month um I mean that we have on the calendar and as I've I've I've always stated it is the uh so goal of this show to give the the the college basketball fan the best coverage that well okay he or she can get on on on a regular basis and you think about the you know okay idea of transcending a a a space and you think about the great speeches that we have I mean um had in in in our great country. History President history President history President Kennedy being sworn into office office office some of the um you know great words of dr. Martin Luther King during his memorable memorable memorable life and that brought like so me on the ride over to the studio today to to to some thoughts of one of Al Pacino's most underrated performances the speech that he made at a.
1nHxNDeaTI8iELomNsTBUR.txt: I don't want to bring our speaker today Amber huizar. She's the the the wife to a like okay motto and mother to four boys Avery Aiden Austin and and and one princess Addison also known as you know uh her a team and I I I wonder with all those a names do okay well you get them all mixed mixed mixed up? She has a Bachelor of Science degree like you know in criminal justice. She She She is a certified paralegal she enjoys reading walking on the um uh beach coffee with with with Friends shopping making fun memories with her family currently, she and you know um um um her husband served as executive pastors for South Bay Pentecostal Church in San Diego, California California California. However, she okay okay feels her greatest: is being a mother to her for Treasures amen amen amen welcome her today excited about what God is going to say to us through her.
6JZfnNHguNXeefH6NsrgJ4.txt: Hello, everyone. Yep. That's right. I am I am I am not dead dead dead. This is Bryson and I'm here well you know with Alonzo my first love. How How How are how are how are you Alonzo? How is everything? How are okay you know you you you dealing with all this Tom Brady talk. Are you like just chilling in in in your room um uh or you really sad about it or what's going on? Your Your Your first love is I mean okay always like you never forget your first right? I feel feel feel so I feel so blessed that you feel this way about me raise me. I really do.
2IzmhvYWT8iFnnys9PGrqe.txt: This is a mistake Dylan the which this is a day Olivine the medium medium medium and okay okay together. We are the witch and the medium. Life's full of of of tough choices in it so you know. Oh and there's one more thing. We haven't discussed the the the subject of payment, but I okay I mean don't have I'm not asking much much much just a token really a trifle what like so I want from you you you is your voice. So without my voice, how can I have you know um um um your looks your pretty face and don't underestimate the importance of body language? Ah, there we go. Look at that.
2vxeUuRU2vpCWhs0VVGJ3L.txt: Hey guys, this is too true. It's your girl Gina and Rachel. We are are are friends like okay from way back speaking Our Truth. We are so glad you you you are here with us today, well like and we hope you enjoyed this podcast podcast podcast. Welcome welcome and we're coming so um from San Diego, California. Yes Coast-to-Coast normally normally normally we are together today and feeling so so you know excited to to to share with you guys some of some amazing Stories so welcome to true too true true true I mean you know. So to me, that's right. The two of us speaking speaking speaking are true too. True like uh. Yeah. Yeah, so, all right. So we're we're we're going to talk about our story for okay so a minute. Yeah, so we we we were thinking I don't care. How do we so well express this? How do how how how do how do we what do we think of what we title this? this this And so we're going to title it you ain't nothing but a hoochie mama. Oh, really? Yeah. Let's.
2D8ox5Y4I9RREcvxqN85Sw.txt: Namaskar time everyone. This is this is this is why Shaggy are first of all, all, all, I would like to okay well encourage all of you to download the free anchor app app app or go to Anchor Todd FM to uh um get started on this. It has has has it has it has made it. So easy guys, I did not know, okay well well well you know publishing podcast was so easy. If I had only known it um I mean mean mean like five ten years before early because all I need to do is download I I I mean so the anchor. I have record my voice in it and just click click click post uh so and anchor will do all the job for me. It will publish publish publish it in all so uh the major podcast sides. You know you know you know know know apps that are available and I do not need uh uh to do anything else else else. So this so this so this is just too awesome guys. You also so you know know know need to make use of it. If you have a message if you have some some some uh like come content, which you feel that needs to reach out to the world world world or simply um um want to post something make sure you use this mascara namaskaram namaskaram namaskaram everyone. Welcome to I mean like buy shoes podcast. So today's daily log. I have restarted restarted restarted my uncle more than uh like a practice and it was very very good. I like sweated, but it felt very good actually.
4eAJ4M8XgOxmGnJ2OTm1Zz.txt: Hey guys, welcome to another episode of Olivia Towers podcast. I really I really I really really really hope you enjoy this um like one. If you do make sure to screenshot it and and and share it on social um so media. If it's on Instagram its Towers four four four three two, if it's Facebook, it's I mean I mean Olivia Towers dressage dressage dressage. Also if you're listening to us on iTunes, I would okay you know love love love you to leave a review and I can't wait to see what you think think think of um I mean it. Welcome to episode 7 of Taproom tails with with with Towers. This one is with the uh okay lovely Danny Morgan. I know I I I know I know I keep saying that everybody's lovely when I introduced them, but that's As they genuinely are so nice and.
04hqYRWoyVcUMSqORHM9nO.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or reflect those those those of I mean you know the company and its management for their more the views views views and opinions of the um I mean guests and the colors do not reflect those those those of the DJ's the regular program the so okay management and the network. Balala power power power. I'm programming is like a landline and strict on I mean so but but but no by at go by in a module on barring my muscle cell cell cell um uh and Emma lingua Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. I know Hindi and cope sobota. All I know is the boss.
6YIUuh6jh8WP6SAyvw2y1r.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to for the long run the podcast exploring the why why why behind what keeps Runners so well running long strong and motivated. I'm your host Jonathan Levitt Levitt Levitt. I've been running for a like um few years now and have the privilege of of of meeting many incredible Runners on my travels all so uh across the country. This This This podcast is intended to share those amazing conversations. Welcome back. I like uh am am am here in Atlanta with EO Aang. Yo, thanks so much for joining today. It's It's It's so I mean a pleasure to talk with you Jonathan likewise. So let's let's let's start with let's start with an so you know intro. Whoo-hoo Izzie. Oh, I am am am an athlete and also an educator. So I am primarily a science teacher in Marin County, California.
5ngfzxjQPj1tZ5lfU6vCLc.txt: Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What What What you I mean uh know, you can't explain. But you but you but but but you feel it. You felt you felt you felt it your entire I mean mean mean like life. That there's that there's that there's something wrong with this world. You don't don't don't know what it is, but it's there. Like a splinter in your mind. Driving you crazy.
3tuDrorZwfSjxV6q8D8bWV.txt: Awesome. We are here on a beautiful Saturday at Odell Ranch and we have you you you know well our manager manager manager now Becky Kilbourne along with Dawn ready my my my best buddy, I mean you know my best friend good friends of ours and both both both of them - yeah, um you know so we want to talk to them because because because they are the key ingredients to this major uh um event coming up in in in April April April. Sorry wait. The 20th April 26th 2020 the well I mean mean mean bear Barrel 5K fundraise by the way. Yeah, it's official title. Basically like a a a whole weekend you know I mean. Yeah. It's important part of the 24th through Sunday the 26th of April. So in this event did start as just the one day,.
6HhDXN5Kjzi9cnl3Q2Pvzm.txt: What's up, everybody and welcome back to the gfy podcast. It's your boy boy boy Deluxe 20 along well well with D4. And today we brought in a special special special guest from way back in the day uh okay. So stay tuned with us us us and find out who it is. All right. So our special so so so so guest for today is Miss heart attack. So what's up Miss heart attack? How okay okay okay how okay how okay so are you? Hey guys, what's up? Afraid yeah, long long long time no see yeah, it's been well okay it's been a minute, right? It has it it it has it has been a hot minute like nine years. I know I I I know I know like I mean it's crazy. Like I get to check up on you you you every once in a okay um while go into stream. Yeah, we talked randomly and stuff stuff stuff like that. So not uh well as much I guess for you and and and I but as far as like you know playing and all that stuff goes. Yeah. It's It's It's been a while lol. But like if you guys don't know it's heart attack was.
7qaUdvEFwYUYYOX2Wa4Rp3.txt: Hello and welcome to patch and this is a podcast. That's about OverWatch OverWatch OverWatch. I'm always like okay amazed with much League hosting skills, huh? I'm always amazed amazed amazed with your hosting skills. I okay so mean, I wasn't really listening to you. I I I was tuning you out. I've already I've already I've already listened to you uh well well well enough the last two days, but welcome. We have a lot of stuff to go I I I mean like over today. Not really because we just watch the same teams teams teams play for the last uh you know five weeks, but we got hero pools now now now. Yeah. Thanks both of you on the I mean well ends. The fuck do do do I was listening back to the companion stream and you were I mean you know know know like, oh, it's not that bad right on this pan. So now so so so now so now you're actually targeting you know um me during the podcast when I saw saw saw you live say I did not that bad well you know. But what I'm doing is is is I'm trying to dig into your own insecurities you know well about picking Rhino Rhino Rhino. I'm so happy about it. Yeah hiring yeah hiring yeah hiring happy with my my my selections um I mean about you. You were the worst I couldn't think think think of to like, I woke up uh I mean this morning. I thought about it. I was like all I play is hitscan Heroes.
1PDbp2SbU98zYd38Enu5tZ.txt: We would like to introduce A New Concept here is we are visiting together on on on well I mean this leading-edge experience by saying to you that you really are the the the creator I mean I mean of your own reality and it would be fair to to to say to you blessed uh so beans that you are you are in in in the process of creating most of you two realities um uh contrast is causing you you you to expand and add to the reality of the greater Source so like. In In In other words. You are creating the reality of who you are as the eternal. Well Well Well I mean well being that you are and you are also in the process process process of creating the reality I mean um of how you feel right now this this this red hot minute and we want those realities to like okay merge and the only way way way that those realities can merge is for you to come with I mean mean mean okay us in other words because we're not going with you. We are not going going going well um to complain with you about the injustices of your world because we see see see them not I mean uh we are not going to complain with you about shortages that do not exist. We're not we're not we're not going to.
6GInbfS6LVgBfOz44C7Cnk.txt: Due to the graphic nature of these crimes listener discretion is advised this episode you know well well well includes discussions of violence and suicidal ideation that some people may find offensive. We We We um okay advise Extreme Caution for children under the age of 13 17 year year year old Alia ta was okay you know searching through her closet looking for something something something to wear to a graduation party when she heard her well like phone buzzed with the text text text message it was From an acquaintance Michelle Carter asking what uh okay she was was was up to Ellie didn't know the other girl very well. They had they had had had they had just like um started volunteering together at a children summer camp a few few few weeks earlier, they'd hardly spoken but uh um Ali didn't want to be rude. So So So she so she so she replied to Michelle's message telling her like like like okay she was about to head out to a party Ali thought that that that would be the so you know end of it. But Michelle kept texting prattling on about her day suddenly out of nowhere. Michelle asked.
5TpDypbZ76YFoW0s5ilMul.txt: Hey everyone. I'm your host Vanessa Lachey. And obviously and obviously and obviously I'm I'm I'm Nick Lachey. Welcome to the okay okay Love is Blind Ryu. Yeah. Hey, Hey, Hey, hi there. Hi. We were Union Yes reuniting I mean like here. Here. We are are are we are we are with our blind naidu's family. Oh, it's been forever. It It It I mean okay has. Hi guys. So good so good so good to see see see you guys. Again Nate would and Candice Helm um okay with blind. I Do's Do's Do's The Love is Blind recap show recapping the reunions. Ya betta is so well that that that I don't know, but it did. It did feel good to have the okay okay okay so family all back together. So good to see everyone and seeing seeing seeing Nick and Vanessa actually you know like talk with the contestants and be be be in the same room as them sure. We've mixed reviews on that. Yes, we do. I.
4ZH14XkcgkqKt3kZd91e9e.txt: This podcast is based on the events that have occurred in the past and is is is um um intended to communicate such events to the public in a dramatic manner any any any reference to um uh artificial or natural person place caste Community race religion is factual in in in nature and is I mean um not intended to offend or defame as as as such all reporting is based on the sequence I mean so of events reported reported reported to the public and does not constitute an opinion statement or okay I mean mean mean recommendation by Spotify artist producer or any of their employees. Ploys newscaster bites have been well well well you know recreated for dramatic purposes. Listener discretion listener discretion listener discretion is advised advised advised. Hi, my hi, my hi, my name is Sue darshan. This is the big fat Indian catala a Spotify original produced by automatic.
6rFE76cRZzwyz6xbiKLOvS.txt: Hey there, you're just in time for more Chompers or twice daily toothbrushing show. Its Its Its heroines I mean like week and every day we're telling you the story of a heroine heroine heroine start brushing um you know on the top of your mouth and brush the inside the the the outside in the like uh chewing side each to delete. It's heroines week where we we we talk about heroic women from well well history tonight's heroin is Sybil Ludington a a a brave hero who may have helped save okay like America. We don't know exactly exactly exactly what happened. But this is the story that people okay so have told about what what what happened many years ago. In the 1700s before America you know you know was was was called the United States the British and Americans were War. It was called the Revolutionary War and the Americans were fighting to be free from the.
1MvUF45vxZB9gsbCzmyPqQ.txt: This episode this episode this episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 2024 2024 to escape um I mean with Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard standard standard driver assist Technologies. It's built to so well help you outsmart some of the obstacles obstacles obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're so like smart and then there's Street Street Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. A chill you know um blew through the the the Streets of London 1 August day in 1802 though the wind well well well so blustered in the shingles rattled outside. It was nothing compared to what was happening happening happening you know uh indoors inside a small dingy house on the outskirts of the city city city 52 year-old. Joanna you know so South Kant was locked in a battle with a a a demon Joanna braced herself as she felt um so an evil presence enter the room room room. She'd been ordered. The Holy Spirit to sequester herself alone in a house so that she could speak.
3PNi9kttzxBKam2wLTqUns.txt: Welcome to carry the fire a podcast where we explore the big questions of of of life you know uh through the lens of the good the true and and and the Beautiful. I'm your I'm your I'm your host Dustin okay well Kensrue and and and my hope is that through these conversations with people of diverse and uh uh uh you know Divergent backgrounds and beliefs. We can Glimpse the world Anew through each other's other's other's so well unique perspectives. And there is no possibility of certainty you can have a a a yes like okay they did to do to live and to act but certainty the things things things most so um of us believe 40 years ago. However certain we were about about about them. We don't you know uh we're not certain about exactly the same same same things today. The world the world the world changed language is not capable of absolute Clarity. It's.
4Noxr3gsD3nE8M6TN0opy4.txt: Hey everyone. It's a girls. It's Kim and Liz and we're coming straight to you from from from okay I mean the Arizona cactus and the Louisiana crawfish. What up, girl? What you you you doing? Oh watching well you know some TV. What about you? Nothing? Just Just Just thinking about these fucking pervs. I know I okay um cannot believe you you you people picked this podcast podcast to listen to two girls you know um um um and one phone. What the hell are you guys thinking for just kidding. It's It's It's G-rated I mean I mean. Well, maybe well, maybe well, maybe our but definitely not not not accept it is what it is. Why or how so uh was your day? day day It was good. Just gonna catch up on some Netflix. Have you have you have you seen seen seen that show love is blind. I have I actually finished it with. Oh.
1cZg1TKdkEp8hzp9wkAXTc.txt: Hey gang JV here due to its length. This episode this episode this episode of of of Beyond reality has been divided um like into two parts. This is part 2 in in in which we talk about Tim you know uh Cohen's book The Antichrist in in in a cup of tea and which Tim not only I mean okay claims. The The The Antichrist is already Among Us. He actually he actually he actually identifies him both are are are fascinating well um discussions. So, please enjoy them and thank you for your support support support. The night may so like be long and the dark maybe deep but the the the answers are there to be found well you know whether it's the normal the abnormal or or or the Paranormal you're in the right place. Let's go well um beyond reality Our Guest Guest Guest Tim Cullen author of several books, including the Antichrist in so like a cup of tea tea tea. We're going to be talking about that next. But like uh before we do do do just a quick reminder go to YouTube If you haven't found our like well YouTube YouTube YouTube channel yet and subscribe just search for JV Johnson when you find it um I mean mean mean hit the Subscribe button. There's no Gation no fee. It's all free and there's about 550 or so back episodes of Beyond reality on the.
5Hq1RVZ5SdjssMTv2e7b47.txt: Good morning. Today is Monday, March 2nd 2020 and this is prayers for your day day day. This okay you know is Dunedin. I want to thank you all so much for joining joining joining me so okay on the call. Whenever you find time that we can come come come together and pray okay I mean this one on this morning. I'm just going to to to pray for your week. I'm well you know just going to pray for for for you on this morning and leave my South out I mean well of of of it I'm staying at home today, which is unusual for me. Normally. I don't stay stay stay like well home from work, but I'm staying home today. I'm not feeling 100% 100% 100% but so I mean I wanted to make sure that I got on the the the prayer call before I went like uh back to bed. So today I'm going going going to pray for you on this morning and for your week. Let us let us let us pray father God in the name.
4xD8rmUOjlwL2RR5pRyy0m.txt: Considered by considered by considered by many experts to be the greatest mystery in in in aviation history the fate of so you know Malaysia Flight 370 still remains remains remains unsolved through documentaries, press releases and feature films Millions have uh okay tried to stitch stitch stitch together the pieces of this horrific story. If you if you if you enjoy these these these episodes you know so on The Disappearance of MH370, check out our conspiracy theories podcast podcast podcast every Wednesday. We tell okay okay the complicated stories behind the world's most controversial controversial controversial events and possible cover-ups follow conspiracy so um theories free on Spotify or wherever you you you listen to podcasts. Midnight clouds flash past so well a dim cockpit Captain zaharie, zaharie, zaharie, Ahmad Shah and his copilot. Fariq Abdul fariq Abdul fariq Abdul Hamid sat side by side enjoying the view. They had been.
6HSy9G5DQ4hCSKF1Eup6vl.txt: Spotify Originals presents Zindagi unplugged produced by off Spin Media friends hosted by by by Schrute well so Ebola with Brigade is sushil bhasin could eco-car Bull and it's gonna gonna gonna be um um her tech gear separately could've and they say yeah, but Terry Terry Terry ruzicka here. Hello and okay I mean welcome my hoodie. And how job my my my body Tomodachi mu J J Beyonce Korea Ki well so baat Karu to yeah, he shares shares shares this court is about basically making self. So skilled kid I mean like joab case case case Apna Apna manifest card. You can develop a really good enough Joseph reality. So So So it's so it's so it's the belly Kam Kam karna who cared a hominid education Beauregard.
6YwoJnSWoKPzHlohm51dbl.txt: The night the night the night may be long and the dark maybe deep but but but the answers are I mean uh there to be found whether it's the normal the the the abnormal or the Paranormal you're I mean uh in the right place. Let's go beyond beyond beyond reality. We got we got we got a great show okay so tonight. I'm really excited to to to have Kelly coffee with a she's returning guest you know you know also a renowned renowned renowned psychic. She believes everyone is able to achieve this level of well you know awareness awareness awareness if they're willing to unblock themselves, and she's following her life's mission in you know know know I mean helping Humanity. Let go of whatever stands in their way of achieving this this this Kelly. Welcome like you know back to be on reality great to have you you you here tonight. Thank you for having me you know well back hug daughter of of of mine. You sound like you might be getting over something you well you know know know doing? Okay. Yeah. I live in Breckenridge, Colorado and I live on top of I mean mean mean like a mountain at about 11:00. Deed and it's typically like three below zero nine below zero, you know consistently.
4O147FcmvlvCjdFtrvhDdn.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if you I I I mean uh want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago ago ago. I well uh reported that Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a a a production crew Link so well in the description and I along with almost all of of of Bachelor Nation speculated that well um Maddie was certainly going to be 2020s 2020s 2020s Bachelorette. Well that theory is officially dead like okay because Claire Crawley was announced as as as next season's leading woman. So let me get this you know well straight. Maddie Maddie Maddie was filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette um okay so so so she has to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other well well well okay reason Maddie would have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right right right now I you know like see no other explanation unless y'all have other theories. Let Let Let me know your well so thoughts down in the comments below. That's all that's all all all that's all I've got for today on Bachelor well well News Daily. But if if if you're new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep you know I mean mean mean dive on her earlier today. So check that out on this channel and make make make sure you uh well check out our Bachelor after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific Pacific Pacific on AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3onkN6EaPa860USdvgUp3O.txt: My wife my wife my wife thinks I'm at the gym extra points Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah. We are getting ready okay so for the word of God and it is is is my honor to introduce our next um uh speaker sister Ginger labash who's the wife of of of Brine and the mother to Brielle and like you know Ashland. She works works works alongside her husband, Brian. At the church a pastor in you know well suburban Chicago Chicago Chicago she serves as the Illinois District ladies committee, not the whole committee. She so so so um serves on the committee. That would be quite a chore. She speaks internationally for for for so okay ladies conferences and events. She has a love for Mexican food and all things. Chocolate, Alabama. Let's welcome sister Ginger levad.
4egFgLUr1ykjrgv2AJn9op.txt: Hey Rizzo hey Rizzo hey Rizzo here at George Mason University. We're talking to Liam Liam Liam classy. He's a CO okay you know chair person of the Irish primary physical education education education Association, and on this podcast, we've like you know had some prior episodes about about about different countries. Curricula before most notably the Australian curriculum with Laura okay well Alfre. That's That's That's episode 22 and that's our most downloaded episode to date. We also talked um um um uh to Obey about the Norwegian curriculum and episode 66 and Dan with the Ontario Ontario Ontario Canada Canadian uh uh physical education curriculum and episode 75. So the people who listen listen listen to our podcast seem well uh to be interested in curriculum from different areas of of of the world. So we're going you know like to keep finding people who know know know them well to explain them on the pad podcast. So I mean okay here we we we go with a new episode of playing with research and health and physical education. And so and so and so today we.
4TNfvcrzPwiHl3jWzKnMOe.txt: What's up, and welcome to difficulty class of podcast about all things Dungeons and Dragons Dragons Dragons. I'm one okay so of your hosts riverbed us with me. This week is a lie lie lie - man. That's you know well right. And this and this and this week week week we are going to be talking about creating character hooks as well well well um well as connecting campaigns and then we're not answering lesser questions again because we like like like well don't have any because we've been selected for any of them. So So So send those into like like difficulty plus gmail.com. We'll do we'll do we'll do do do it next time but before all that Ali are like like you games this week? week week So since so since so since the first time since we started playing playing playing doing this podcast, uh so I didn't play D&D this week. I've been there there there. Yeah. Yeah, you haven't been there um um. Yes. I didn't get to play. I played played played a lot of blood-borne and Minecraft you know well but aside from that. No, No, No, not much D&D. I mean poured Mine Craft. I mean, I mean, I mean, you know, it's good. I got a farm. No,.
3s7zn4wR797UANTewnomb8.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a podcast um um um well. Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow you to record record record and edit you know okay your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer. Anchor will distribute your podcast for like I mean you. So it can can can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many more you can make I mean mean mean um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's everything it's everything it's everything everything everything you need to make a podcast in I mean you know one place. Download Download Download the free anchor app or go to incurred on FM you know so to get started started started. Welcome to the wish well podcast a woman's integrated Summit on health I mean mean mean I mean and wellness a podcast hosted by dr. Michelle dang, a board-certified anesthesiologist and and and Pain Management um you know physician with additional Fellowship training in integrative medicine. This podcast podcast podcast this podcast this podcast will feature weekly episodes with women from all walks of life discussing their health and.
7HLrdkrb1vNHawTPSkPoX0.txt: This episode is brought to you by the completely reimagined 2024 to escape with I I I mean um Ford copilot 360 a suite of advanced standard driver assist Technologies Technologies Technologies. It's built to so you know help you outsmart some of the obstacles obstacles obstacles you'll encounter out on the road. They're smart they're smart they're smart uh so so so and then there's Street Smart the completely reimagined 2024 to scape. Today is today is today today today is Wednesday, March okay okay 4th 2020 on this day in 1972 1972 1972 Kim Wendy. Allen a junior college student in uh you know Santa Rosa. California was was was california was california was raped strangled and dumped after she hitched a ride late okay okay okay uh. One night. Kim was the first victim discovered in a series of slayings slayings slayings now known okay I mean as the Santa Rosa hitchhiker murders, but not the last Welcome to today and True Crime a par cast original.
558E4DOPWeMkxRht9LItte.txt: Hi late, hi late, hi late, Friday morning your head spend all those more more more working on my Saturday like okay night talk for tomorrow night, and I'm still still still doing the history series and also Snow you know okay ending with other other other work and Purim stuff. I always have a cebit my house I mean you know know know. I'm pouring and now I always try to put together something as I mentioned mentioned mentioned um so the other day. I'd only time I ever write anything down is is is Is like you know there something going to shop a super work for for for husbands or also for Purim so um believe it or not? Because they they they always write a five or six or seven I mean um page Arturo whatever whatever whatever couple whatever did I like the liver because important you drink, okay uh uh uh you know know, you know, you can't remember what you're saying. So I have like okay okay okay a text in front of me. So hopefully you can't go wrong and my my my son well okay from Israel wrote me that sent him a driver toga. For his Yeshiva, and now they're going through the.
5OmVWzrGndKY9FZFF2vUCL.txt: Hey y'all, hey y'all, hey y'all, this is STS podcast and we're here to to to talk about a little I mean okay bit of how we started with here on on on anchor and one of the best things I mean I mean about anchor anchor anchor it's free. This is the easiest way to make a podcast. There's a lot lot lot I mean okay of creation tools that allow you to record and edit edit edit your podcast right from your um I mean phone or the computer. It's as easy easy easy as that. So download the free anchor up or like you know go to Anchor dot dot dot. F m-- to get started check it out. It's going you know um to be be be Great. Hey, we're changing the title of this podcast to sick parvis Magna podcast uh well well well. It means greatness from Small Beginnings will be sitting down with people's to talk about their their their like okay story and their successes. It doesn't mean you have to be a a a CEO doesn't mean you so I mean have to be some big movie star. This is really hearing people's life stories and just seeing how.
2fKv4vfiIYV0DkteofeSkI.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening to the Elevate main podcast to learn more about Elevate Elevate Elevate visit our I mean well website at www.allaboutdoors.com. TH. We hope you enjoyed today's today's today's talk. Let me just ask you how like you know many of you you you are about 13 or 18 years old again member. Can well can well well well can well uh I see your hands? Wow, I'm Dom. Yeah, how about my my my 19 to 27? well okay Oh good. You how you how you how about those those those who do not want to admit their age well well 30 above so that that that everything is now since our topic is about emotion, like I mean like like like don't allow it to destroy you now, but let me just share this with you and Nina as I was.
1EPOaWpjdUB7lB589jjTx3.txt: Are you ready? Are you going to do stuff you want me to introduce introduce introduce you? I mean I mean I mean um Okay, what's up guys? My name name name is Andre. You're listening to this. You already know who I mean so I I I am. I'm in I'm in I'm in the car with Logan. So guys, how's how's how's it going? Okay, I mean I mean so Logan's my little from McMurray, but but but we're not going to mention McMurray the like well rest of this podcast because because because we we went to tank. It's all about the okay I mean only school school school we went to but we are currently driving. Back to Abilene for so okay okay okay alumni weekend Don't ask either of us why we had really don't have any other other other you know like excuse. Yeah. I don't know why we going. All right guys guys guys before we jump okay you know into this episode. I'm going to tell you real quick quick quick about anchor if you haven't you know I mean heard of Banker. It's literally the easiest easiest easiest way to make a podcast because everything you so uh need is in one place. There's There's There's creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast. So right so right so right from your phone.
3zir6jx2t64H9gzWjg4ac0.txt: Hey guys, what's up? It's running on sex. It's a Brielle fancy seeing seeing seeing you here you know uh today. I am I am I am with Corey Corey Corey and we're going to talk about polyamory and kind well okay of like dating preferences. So So So hey, hey, hi. Yeah, I'm Corey. I I I I I I don't really uh okay okay okay know what to say about myself, but I guess I go to school school school with okay so a Brielle. That's how that's how that's how we met and and and I study social work and I consider I mean I mean myself a polyamorous person or or or identify as polyamorous and I engage in a polyamorous lifestyle well so. So and and and what how would you describe polyamory? So to me polyamory is the so um ability to to to love more than one person at a time and not just to love more than one person at a time but to engage in.
3vaqb9E0J8466F8J4UeDyE.txt: Spoiler alert, I'm doing some definite speculating on today's show. So tune out if well well well so you want to stay spoiler-free on Bachelor this season couple weeks ago. I reported that that that okay you know Madison Pruitt with seen in Auburn filming something with a production production production crew Link in the well well description and I along with almost all of Bachelor Bachelor Bachelor Nation speculated that Maddie was I mean um certainly going to be 2020s Bachelorette. Well Well Well that theory is officially dead because Claire like so Crawley was announced as as as next season's leading woman. So let me get this straight um uh. Maddie was filming filming filming something weeks after production wrapped, but she's not the Bachelorette so she has I mean I I I mean to be the winner of this season, right? Is there any other reason Maddie Maddie Maddie would um I mean have been filming this is unconfirmed. But as of right right right now I see no other so okay explanation unless y'all have other theories theories theories. Let me let me let me know your thoughts down in you know uh the the the comments below. That's all I've got for today on Bachelor News Daily. But if you're well well well uh new to Clare Crawley, I just did a deep dive on her earlier so so so well today. So check that out on this channel and make sure you check check check out our Bachelor uh like after show live tonight at 7 p.m. Pacific on AfterBuzz AfterBuzz AfterBuzz TV. I've been your host chef Graham. Thanks for tuning into Bachelor News Daily.
3kmDRHW2iEKQ4g2bTMoUq4.txt: You're right. It makes it makes it makes you happy every time every time it it it goes on. It's just I mean like like I don't know what it it it is. Like the power of music is a um you know real real thing. You You You know, who loves music Tommy Tommy. Mmm. I have never met so I mean a lot lot lot of the three babies we have he is the one he is okay okay okay okay the one that loves music so much he will walk by the what is well well well so that and home pod? And he and he and he will point to it. I'll I'll I'll pick him up um uh. He'll touch it. It'll play it'll play it'll play play play he'll smile held down. He loves music. He well like loved music so much to to to the point where if he can't touch it like I mean I mean he will start start start screaming until he does the reason why we're talking about this as so you know know know like, I was kind of in like a are we going? Yeah, we're so like like like going to how we're going to record this podcast like what's going on? Yeah. Well, Well, Well, uh like he's like are you a little upset? So yeah. I'm a little little little peeved right okay uh now. We just we just we just had a podcast about pet peeves. I'm a I'm a I'm a little peeved right now.
6EpauezEPL5RhMgKd6covC.txt: I'm Amanda and I'm Audrey and we're sisters and this is the one eye eye eye open okay like. Sweet cool. Got it. Oh for those who are listening we we we are once uh okay again calling in because we will not we can't see see see each other at the moment um so. Yeah, we yeah, we yeah, we have a a a restraining order each of us have ever starting order against the like well other. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, she yeah, she yeah, she tried to I don't know where she could have said with the offensive. So.
4PzR1hMJTVrAXTvjhQ3iiQ.txt: Welcome to the Dukes to podcasts on big gamble according to Valentino male. Hello like like like you know. We're here. We're here we're here we're here today talking to each each each other to discuss are both I mean um of ours top to worst worst worst sports injuries and Jacob play soccer and baseball and so you know I I I not soccer he plays hockey and baseball. I'm play soccer so I mean um you can can can play soccer baseball and hockey I play soccer. Do you want some sausage I I I mean well want me to start off? All right. All right. So I'll I'll go in in in chronological okay uh order. So my first injury from way back when I was in in in eighth grade like so. It's written soccer and this one. This wife this wife this this this wife you this one was more painful, but it had like less of a long-lasting feeling, you know.
78ADFPnLWm6TsbxiUBjqEf.txt: Welcome to the Gathering Place with blessed is she I'm Jeanna giese are and I'm I I I mean uh Beth Davis pull up a chair and grab a drink or you could could could just keep you know I mean doing what you're doing pull up a chair chair chair in your heart come chat with you know okay us about Jesus prayer community and and and life. So let's get started. Hi Jenna. Hi uh um Beth. So good to see see see you my friend. It's been it's been it's been too long. Tell me tell me me me tell me okay like about it since last week when we recorded together. That's right right right Jenna. I'm um so excited to introduce sister on used to say welcome sister sister sister. Thank you thank you thank you so much um well Beth. It's a it's a a a it's a delight to be with you. I mean, it's a delight for um um um um me. I'm just thrilled to see you again because we were together and Ireland well um um um sisters. She just raving about you. I almost I almost I almost thought I'd I'd I'd be replaced and her like uh best friend category. Probably really did nothing can ever separate the bond. That's what would instantly recognize between the two.
57xexf6NJ0SV7ckVT78uXO.txt: All right, all right, all right, welcome everybody to the Lakers Legacy podcast where the the the only well like thing spreading faster than the coronavirus are these playoff intensity Vibes Vibes Vibes that LeBron James and um well Anthony Davis are spreading all throughout the team and and and Lakers Nation because believe it or like so not Tommy. We are almost officially back in the playoffs pretty much officially back in the playoffs.
4i4UjhaaxuPotREqvCHPTR.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back to another. Oh my gosh. Welcome back to adulting. Let Let Let me let me let me know if you know okay it and I are not not not good at finishing each other's sentences. We just we just we just discovered that that that so you know in the last 15 seconds. Alright, welcome back to another episode of adulting authentically. Thank you thank you thank you for being.
6OVBrjhU0Nw5WnNgBEIK3q.txt: Hello and welcome to spiritual shit your Guide to the down-and-dirty of um like like like modern spirituality with your host me Ali lovely. This podcast is a place where where where people well um wanting to discover more about spirituality where we can get weird about ghosts ghosts ghosts well like mediumship psychics aliens religion New Age stuff Awakening Ascension starseeds channeling channeling channeling philosophy. And even okay um dating some of the shows will be just me rambling about about about my mystical experiences well I mean and new discoveries. In other shows will have have have guests to open up New Perspectives and uh okay Views. I hope you'll join me me me on this journey as we discuss in open up I mean you know about what what what spirituality in today's world really looks like Angelica Ray is a gifted intuitive okay okay okay like energy healer and breathwork facilitator as well as a certified personal coach and her work. She guides the.
7pV9VUTv728HQYvH3Rz3pl.txt: It's a it's a it's a truth business Airbnb or otherwise, if you don't have have have customers you don't well uh have a business but with Airbnb and gets worse because you have have have expenses you know I mean. If you don't have customers you will quickly lose lose lose money and eventually have to okay um close up shop. Here's what to do do do. If you're if you're if you're not getting bookings 8 strategies um um to revitalize revitalize revitalize your listing make your offer more appealing and to get back in okay um search search search results ultimately winning you more bookings and possibly at a higher price price price point taking uh you know you from the red into the black with your your your air B&B. This is Sean Rocky well well GH with Airbnb automated and let's let's let's talk about how to get get you more bookings so so. Welcome back are being being being the family these eight strategies will get you more bookings and I'm okay so so so going to order them and level of difficulty / a level of commitment so so so well or permanence. Some of these are going to be super simple to implement. They're uh uh uh okay just going to be a couple of small changes. Some of them will will will um well require some deep thought some might even require a little bit of investment investment investment and you know so this will really depend on why you're not getting bookings which ones that you'll implement. But by the end.
6RyGVDftxDiKSU5aDWJd1E.txt: Due to the graphic nature of This Woman's crimes listener discretion is advised this this this episode okay well contains strong language and descriptions of murder rape and abuse that that that some people may uh uh find offensive. We advise Extreme Caution for children under 13 13 13. 18 year-old Lisa Connolly was so so irritated. She didn't understand why her mom had dragged dragged dragged her to this cramped office okay you know. The whole thing was a major drag drag drag Lisa complained to the lawyer guy Jeff you know okay. What was the big big big freakin deal? Anyways, Jeff's eyes widened in response. He said okay you know know know Lisa you're involved in a murder. Lisa rolled her eyes and Jeff was so so so so baffled his teenage client had helped orchestrate the gruesome murder of one of her peers and yet there she sat obstinate and.
4gqeuW6Z9nx70fe1Q3o66h.txt: The Liturgy is in fact, the first teacher of catechism being more is not not not well uh just what we get to Define. Its how God calls us to to to himself okay uh. He is the more to do a low Mystic agile catechesis Mystic agile agile agile catechesis um well. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't understand. It's a a a little too hot so you know. Sorry be sorry be sorry be more that that that makes sense. Us be more yes, this is part 1 of okay um um um 2 of a special extended edition episode on liturgical music, huh? Hello uh uh uh well everybody Welcome to Mystic at my name is Curtis. Kedi. The my name name name is um you know Father Andrew Strobel. This is not a podcast about cats. It is is is it is it is a podcast about mr. Gatchell catechesis. And today we're getting some and you know what they say.
1ALqIYJIjmB73ldAbniX5N.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin begin I mean I mean in the name of the father and the son and the holy holy holy spirit. Amen. It's well I mean called a mind all those who promise to pray for for for Hope is the theological virtue by well uh which we desire the kingdom of heaven heaven heaven and eternal life as our happiness placing all uh okay our trust in Christ promises and and and relying not on our own strength, but on the okay so help of the the the grace of the Holy Spirit, So with hope we strive for Holiness um well well well we strive to become a saint as something which is possible but not not not yet I mean like guaranteed. And there and there and there are three conditions needed needed needed for the virtue of Hope first and active you know uh pursuit of God Holiness Holiness Holiness in heaven second, the realization that the attainment of Holiness in heaven is possible.
3u57dQEUl7W1YTCwQQTM6e.txt: Hey everyone, hey everyone, hey everyone, and thank you for listening to let's get into into into this. If you haven't um um heard about anchor it's actually the easiest way to make make make a podcast. So well so let me go ahead and explain a little bit to to to you. It's completely it's completely it's completely free to do you know well there's creation creation creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or or or computer okay like. So it's so it's so it's really really easy to to to do. Do anchor will distribute your podcast for you, so okay um um um it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts. And so many more you can can can also make I mean um money from your podcast with no minimum listenership. It's It's It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make um like a podcast and one one one place download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started.
1ichSKLHStnktdNFxZBTbc.txt: Hey, this hey, this hey, this is kind of like I'm the pastor here at at at evolve church. And okay okay this is our podcast. I wanted I wanted wanted wanted I wanted to thank you for joining us today. I like so prayed prayed prayed this word increases your faith and inspires you to go closer in your you know know know okay relationship with God through Christ. Jesus our jesus our jesus our lord be be be blessed. I can't I can't I can't go I you know well can't go with with with this one. Can you can you can you is it possible? I know I know know know I know maybe like so stretching it here. Is it is it it it is it possible for you to give me the scripture? I okay okay just quoted quoted quoted second chronicles 7 and 14. We're going to finish this series the series next you you you know well time next Sunday. I want to I want to do this. I got got got to teach okay I mean this word and I'll be done second chronicles 7:14 and if he can get it up there he'll.
31u2KJ7szLvm5HPP6GgyYg.txt: My name's Emma tuba and you're listening to the network marketing manager audio experience. Welcome, Welcome, Welcome, uh okay welcome welcome. It is the first of the month today and which which which I really um um really loved doing a training doing a live doing a podcast podcast podcast on the first of I mean um the month because I think it's a whole whole whole new opportunity. Thank the Lord you are I mean so here. There are so so so many people that didn't see out last month and you've so I mean got got got to be grateful that you are here you are present you are able so so so so to make some changes this month if you weren't happy with last month and and and like I mean you can make a difference and I want you to see that that that as something Really um so really really serious and really something to be so grateful for for for because sometimes we just well um take things for granted. We stumble we stumble we we we stumble stumble along in life not making any changes hoping things were different. Sometimes I speak to people and they.
6lDX2H4uYtvAXEWxfXZmEO.txt: Welcome to the Sun for podcast episode for good turning to me for I I I mean uh to find out it's like well don't look at me Lucy's here here here. Yes, I am like I mean. Hello. Good. Yeah. Yeah, very good now now now that we're in a new setting which you'll like uh Be announcing shortly. We We We will be what is it? Yes, I'm good. And this week? We okay okay okay I mean have Holly and Sophie from hoppy Dory. Hello. How are you both? Yeah Yeah Yeah uh yeah uh yeah uh uh for the good week. We've been busy lots to to to talk about. Yeah, it's and you know so say, you know already mentioned we are are are in our new home. So first so first so first of all a big, thank you to mine space for hosting us for three episodes.
3izrKNITHhsjZo2yYWVlhg.txt: The 1960s were a decade of divisiveness and change while some protested peacefully Charles Charles Charles Manson like I mean and his followers made sure this era of counterculture counterculture counterculture ended in Bloodshed. The summer the summer the summer you know so of 69 is is is now forever synonymous with the Manson family murders. Welcome to welcome to welcome welcome welcome to uh I mean killer knowledge a Our cast original I'm Carter Roy and it's time time time to learn like you know some true crime history in this trivia podcast every episode episode episode. We cover a new topic like well I mean the headline-making Zodiac murders that shocked shocked shocked the nation violent Mobsters like John Gotti who well like gunned their way to to to the top and serial killers like Ted Bundy who craved notoriety I mean I mean mean mean this week. We're looking we're looking we're looking back at the Manson family murders that resonated a beyond the California hippie culture play along as we find out.
4fwcPeS80qSgLFr8SFendW.txt: Hey guys, thank you for tuning in. Once again to the project e podcast podcast podcast okay well. My name is Mahmoud and I am your host. So one of of of the okay like things that I wanted to do when I started this podcast is is is explore topics that um okay I am interested in and I want to learn learn learn more about and one of those you know like things is Ecommerce businesses. How How How do you start an e-commerce business? How do you get um well the necessary licensing licensing licensing here in Dubai or the UAE? And what are some of the things you you you know well that somebody who wants to start an e-commerce business should Consider before before before starting their business which is why well well I've invited Juliet Jackal co-founder of of of creative nine seven one agency created nine seven one is um so the leading Shopify Shopify Shopify and Shopify plus expert digital agency here in the Middle East they work so so so okay with local and international brands in the Middle East some of which include the names names names you know you know of shallow group to our offski L'Oreal Julia shares with us today. Have you got started with creative nine seven one agency?.
6Od1ArXdGwUpL6CzvyuPHP.txt: This is the measure once cut twice podcast. I'm your host Seth Thomas you know know know you know will learn from stories experience trials and errors to live a more measured life life life with less I mean uh cussing unless absolutely necessary. All right, welcome to to to measure once cut twice podcast. I'm uh you know your host Seth Thomas Thomas Thomas today joining me old friend. No offense old and friend Bobby um well Joe Joe Joe Hancock. Just glad you have an old friend. It's true. They say wisdom comes comes comes uh uh with age. Not always not always not always the case. Do you say that? that that I don't know who said okay okay that I heard it in the song one one one time. I think Bobby Joe and I uh uh have been friends for a lot of years. Probably 20 25 years going on now not that.
37XyLgjVds2gNVU8e3SuTw.txt: This is Holy Family School of faith. Welcome to our Rosary meditation, let's begin begin begin um like in the name of the father and the son and the the the holy spirit. Amen was called a I mean you know mind all those we promise promise promise to pray for. I think the most you know well exhilarating truth is that before before before the world was created God already had you and I in okay well mind mind mind each with our own particular place in the grand plan of history that no no no I mean okay other person can or ever will take we were designed for for for this role and only okay uh we can fulfill it and if we don't don't don't no one will Father favor and well you know his spiritual conferences rights rights rights. No two of us are alike. God saw god saw god saw a specialty well well well I mean in US eternally, it was this specialty which he loved it is this specialty which decides our place and our work and his creation.
6oDaSWhrZvuPTWJPo1v4AN.txt: Up. Nice. Hey guys, I'm Isabella and I'm bird and we're here wanting uh uh uh uh to introduce to you the love below. This is our new podcast. It's an an an idea I mean uh that we had talked about in the past and we're just just just wanting to make it a well I mean reality now. Yeah, now we're bringing his baby baby baby to the world. So here so here so here like okay we are are are welcome to your first episode of the love the law. So we so so so well kind of just want to talk give you an Insight of you know, what um um um okay made us start this podcast and how we know each other and and and who we are you know well individually and kind of what we want want want this podcast to be about and so yeah, okay so it's an introduction introduction introduction to us. Yeah. We hope you guys liked getting to know okay uh us. I'm so so so without further Ado. Here we go. So, um, do you want to start by introducing yourself? Okay. Are you.
6uV55cCZ0nHMUtHp0whA1M.txt: How are how are how are you doing you listen to who's pic? Is Is Is it anyway, I'm Andrew colvard. Elmer so you know old is back Venice episode and we we we have a special guest one. I think you you know well guys are going going going to like the ultimate Ranter Nick Peterson is in the house uh you know know know Nick how we doing exceptional? How are you guys doing tonight? Exceptionally. Well really um so so so good. So I'll know you're back Florida was good for the good good good. Now you you you now you now you know okay you called me you have a little bit bit bit of a gripe about the results of the uh okay okay okay presidential draft. So we're just going to get right into it. What's your what's the deal here? Now, look at what the listeners let the list.
3PqxJbf1J4QaYh8yqxgZQk.txt: Well, good morning. It's Jake it's Jake it's Jake was so here again back with with with my channel Festival selections uh um going today free now, which is the first day day day starting off with grade 1 action in the um so marsh novices Chase. Give me me me some prices on now, we've currently got itchy like I mean feet at 9:00 to to to 2:00 favorite 90s U-joint favorites or evil our home at I mean okay 9:00 to 2:00 2:00 2:00 for Willie Mullins, and then we've got mr. Fisher still listed and okay so so so seven to one but I believe he's going the article samcro. To one for he he he so like later won. But I believe it's been confirmed. He's RSA band band band Now by Willie Mullins easy okay I mean game black art for teens reserve reserve reserve tank for teens melons 16 and so on so forth well you know. I think think think I think I think it's not really a race. I've looked into much myself personally personally personally as you know um in going for a horse to the back, but if I I I was going um you know to pick anything, I'll probably probably safe. So this this this so this so this bet to go with itchy feet Friday Murphy obviously got his first grade.
52z5xB1zZTDGX0TkU0sIry.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESP on the the the um uh TV talk now. We were off last week. Really do your your your technical difficulties? So so so so so so like I apologize. I know we had had had so many people hit us up saying where is like well the after show? So So So we figured on the week off? We're not actually having an episode you you you know like. Whoa. Come on, ha ha ha so much fun. We'll catch up up up. Have a good you know so night. So what's up everyone? Thanks so much for joining us. My name is Candice Cruz join, but.
4Qw0HaArDmbZ1S2Y5Xz9Wb.txt: Hello, everybody. Welcome to welcome to welcome to the second pod. Well second podcast, podcast, podcast, we've filmed first podcast so um of the of the app speaking for the the the bag. Yeah, in other words well I mean Natalie deleted all the footage for the first first first one. It was an accident. I didn't well so know how to work anchor the app. It It It was an accident. I thought you know um I was just editing the video cuz cuz cuz I heard is editing the video as you press well um the trash can which deletes deletes deletes everything that we just did and set up for okay I mean the the the past. We Yeah, we actually did spend a fat two hours kind of record well uh that and everything literally deleted it all. That was so bad. I was mad. Whoa.
261rYl6yPlUjl5immotbtV.txt: This is Mike my eighth time trying to start this because I just can't like like like I mean figure out how this works. But hello, I am I'm I'm I'm I'm let me give you I mean well a proper introduction. I'm Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel Rachel. I stir awesome great if you're you know like wondering why you you you never heard my name before it's because you haven't because I in well I mean mean mean no way shape or form in any. Any circle of any group of people and and and popular I'm well I mean not famous. I'm just your abs the Disney Disney Disney movies would put it. I'm your I'm your I'm your run-of-the-mill uh you know average high high high school 16 year old girl. Just try to figure out life. Yeah. This okay um is is is a little Blum. I have I feel like everybody that that's the doesn't you know well well well podcast that just talks like it's not like the NPR Podcast or something. They're like they're like they're like famous it.
3oU1whPyefKnF8zSZBBAPB.txt: Just got to get up and tell the devil who you are. You gotta tell tell tell that devil I mean I mean who you are today. I woke up and and and I told the devil who I am well I mean in Christ. I am complete in in in him who is the head of all principality and power um okay. I am am am I am I am alive in Christ. I am I am I am am am free from the law of sin uh like and death. I am far from from from oppression and the enemy cannot come near you know well me. I am born born born of God and the evil one cannot touch me. I Am I Am I Am Am Am okay like Without Blame before him in love. Love I am in right standing with with with the father so okay. I have the mind of Christ. I have the peace of of of God that surpasses all okay you know understanding greater is he that is in in in me than he that is in the okay I mean world. I have received the the the power of the Holy Spirit. I have I have I have put up up up the okay like old and put on the new I have been given and it's it's it's uh well been given to me. I have no lack for my God shall supply supply supply all my um like needs. According to according to according to his riches. I have been called out of Darkness Into The Marvelous Light of the Gospel.
0P659hEswmA4xGbk441q0a.txt: Thank you. I like to begin. I like to thank you. Thank you.
6DF39Vve2uoutFyw8JGDZO.txt: All right. It's another film study. I hope you guys have been enjoying all um um um you know the shorter episodes that we've been putting out over the past couple couple couple so so weeks. This will not be one of those. This is going to be be be a so well nice long discussion because we're going to look back at Lamar Lamar Lamar Jackson, which means okay like it's probably To be more than one episode at at at least two episodes for us to so well get through all this chemicals. Like how how how like how like how you doing? Let's go Josh. How about you? so okay I'm good good good. I'm excited that. We got Michael join and ask because he's okay I mean mean mean going to make every Lamar Jackson and compare it to Joe Flacco go on so so so well right Michael. How you doing? Hey, I'm doing good Josh and can't thanks thanks thanks like um for having me on Nam im here to tell everybody everybody everybody that I completely predicted everything that largest did this past season and nobody listened to me.
22y7fCEJcla0WOdNwzPSZQ.txt: Today is Friday, March 6th 2020 on this day in 1951 Ethel and Julius Julius Julius. Rosenberg's uh rosenberg's uh rosenberg's uh I mean Espionage trial began in New New New York's federal court today nearly 70 years after you know like the trial the rosenbergs rosenbergs rosenbergs guilt or innocence is still a matter of debate. Welcome to you know know know um today and true-crime a par cast original. I'm Vanessa Richardson. And today I'm I'm I'm covering the 1951 um okay Espionage trial of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg their actions against the the the US were considered. So heinous I mean so FBI director J Edgar Hoover labeled the the the Rosenberg case the crime of the century well well before we unpack the ramifications of the proceedings. Let's go let's go let's go back to the meaning of March 6th.
27Q1YQsidaCMmijL2OGsk4.txt: Hi, I'm near a all and this is the near and far podcast. This okay okay okay I mean podcast is about business Behavior. And the and the and the Brain on this this this show. I do a you know I mean few things. I read I read I I I read quick articles. I've written about topics shaping your behavior. I interview I I I interview I interview authors I mean okay of books. I enjoy and from time time time to time. I devote episodes to answering like well your questions. If you want want want to ask me a question visit the podcast page on iTunes so well go go go to ratings and reviews and ask me a question by leaving a okay okay okay like review. I promise to read it and Possibly include your question a future episode episode episode um you know. So please so please so please ask me anything now enjoy enjoy enjoy the episode and for more you can you know you know always visit me at at at near and far.com. How to how to how to trigger product usage that sticks by by by Janet like I mean Choi for near and far.com meditation like any healthy healthy healthy habit takes repetition to stick but well you know while the folks behind calm a meditation and mindfulness app knew their products core value was helping.
5MK07a5n2Z1xjI5NYRYGFX.txt: It is Thursday, March the 5th 2020. Happy 57th birthday. Hula hoop. I'm you you you know okay Tod. Maffin from engage Q digital today. Your Facebook conversions might be much much much lower than you know well you think HootSuite launches a premium listening platform. At At At least. I think I think I think they have YouTube um like launches a very very very new helpful measurement tool and hey guess who's copying their um um competitors and and and putting other people's ideas into their app. Here's a Hint it rhymes um uh. Minster Minster Minster blam. Here's what you missed today in digital marketing. So you've done what so so so you know a good digital marketer does and set up all your analytics your your your reporting and so uh your pixels like those all-important tracking pixels from the social social social platforms like Facebook and everything is within um well your control. So imagine imagine imagine your surprise when Facebook suddenly starts reporting way more events firing uh like on your pixel then you know, you should be getting that happened this week to.
1lEGbilyOaZ2aj4Rt25tVe.txt: Welcome to the Chromecast the official podcast from chrome on box where we we we unpack everything I mean so from Hardware to software in the world of Chrome and and and Chrome OS so that you can like like be more informed on all the latest latest latest updates changes and devices. This episode is brought I mean um to you by by by anchor when we decided to create a podcast. We wanted to figure like like like like out the easiest way to do it. And anchor is exactly that they give you everything everything everything so okay you need in one place for free and you can use it from you you you know I mean your computer or your phone. There are a couple things we really really really like about well so anchor they have some creation tools that allow you to to to record and edit your podcast okay um. They'll distribute your podcast for you so that that that you'll be heard everywhere and they uh like have some ways for you to make make make money on your podcast with no minimum well um listenership. So if you want want want to give it a try and make your very I mean okay own podcasts podcasts podcasts We download the anchor a poor head over to Anchor FM. What's up what's up what's up everybody and welcome.
1LGiNqeMucKlN34wEBFDFJ.txt: A warning this episode features dramatisations and discussions of murder and violence against like well children children children. Listener discretion is advised especially for listeners under 13 something to like well note note note. The Story You're about to hear is not a direct retelling of any well well well you know single myth about leimia. Today's episode combines elements from a number of ancient ancient ancient Greek Legends stories you know you know and lure to give you the most most most dramatic retelling possible. Dawn broke over the okay you know misogi OC gentle waves lapped lapped lapped upon the smooth Rocky beach at the water's edge a uh um child named many many many pests dried himself his morning swim had been a last-minute decision some exercise exercise exercise um like squeezed in before today's boring studies the boy glanced up and noticed the sun was higher in the sky than he expected. He was.
3nuj4rlpPTYHcbVgszb5uH.txt: Hello and welcome to this episode of the ESG Fitness podcast. I've got Andy you know know know you know on which means we are answering your questions Andy, how are you? I'm I'm I'm good uh um. Thank you. How about yourself? I'm okay the last couple of of of days my um uh back was much better. But now but now but but but now it's really bad again might have been because uh like I try to to to train legs. Yeah, that's knocks. That's not a smart idea. I mean I mean mean mean I mean um um are you I didn't even do that before I hurt my my my back you're as like well you see you're one of these people people people who actually huzzah An excuse not uh like to treat legs. Yeah. Well I've I've I've learnt from I say I've learnt from that okay uh. I've definitely I've definitely I've I've I've definitely not as soon as it feels better again. I will be doing the uh um um um same thing, but I am using this special injection into my piriformis on Monday. So So So um so fingers crossed that it's going to improve things for me ideal ideal ideal ideal now if you okay like don't be a good good start First question question question. Okay is quite a long one. And normally and normally and normally I make excuses that it's not.
3Y5HsdIZpVihi4OZuVNmCu.txt: All right, good morning, and evening to everyone that is tuning into the melody um um um um our I'm my name is Future and baying are your host today? And so so so so we have a special guest from The Discord kale the vibe Checker. So kale kale kale so kale so kale so um. What's your what's your Vibe right now brother brother brother. That's my fight. Yeah. Yeah. What's your Vibe? uh well uh well uh uh uh well I'm just I'm just chilling dude. I'm just five minutes. Just had a a a long day uh you know at work. Now. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm I'm I'm gonna now I'm just now I'm here with the legendary. Dairy future and um like like like Bay. Yeah. So With the stream the happened yesterday you were you guys able to catch that Pop-Tart and somewhere that you did.
2RGzsuxFulWk9k3bvh1wrx.txt: Today is Tuesday, March 3rd 2020 on this day in 2006. Former. British like you you you know. Pop star. Gary Glitter was convicted of molesting two underage girls in Vietnam. Welcome like like like okay to today and True Crime app are cast original due to the the the graphic nature of today's um I mean crimes. Listener discretion is advised. We advise Extreme Extreme Extreme Caution for children under 13. Today well you know. We're covering we're covering we're covering the sentencing sentencing sentencing of Gary Glitter. Then 61 years old who was found guilty um I I I mean of initiating inappropriate sex acts with young girls in his Seaside Villa Villa Villa. Let's go back to a courthouse in the Vietnamese province of Berea. Wang Tao on March 3rd 2006.
6g6Y6RITF54lClmsbAJYQL.txt: Hello starseeds, I am back. How are you? What a time what a time time time what you know so a time to be alive. So happy New Year Year Year. It's officially March and like like if you don't follow the Gregorian calendar a a a lot of us witches. Really do celebrate well I mean the beginning of the new year in Spring Spring Spring and spring is coming up so okay. Can you believe winter is almost over? over over You know, it's funny because winter I was I mean like just writing this in in in my journal winter is always that period of deep transformation okay so for me of deep healing for me of depressed retrospection for me, you know, and even when.
3AcWng5pwo869l4MIHuSV0.txt: Hello everybody, welcome to another episode of reality Roundtable I am your host Jonathan Jonathan Jonathan Brown well like and today I have a special guest with me name is Josh Josh Josh character uh I mean. He's the president of the brothers and dubious AKA Bond Bond Bond here in South University so I mean of South Carolina amongst a lot of things things things. Would you would you would you like to tell us some of uh like those those those other things too when shots were characters character character my bad, I guess guess guess but you know well I mean I'm just present about right now I was An event director for homecoming commission.
05EF9y109a39kdWnc4caqg.txt: Welcome back to another episode of daily Fortnight your daily podcast about Fortnight. I'm well well well well your host Mike EA Ka Mike. Daddy AKA magnificant Mikey. The first first first thing I want well I mean to go over today is a fortnight hype hype hype night and height night plus in Chapter uh uh 2 season 2. This is is is a blog post from the Fortnight competitive team okay uh calling all operatives operatives. Hallelujah, it's it's it's time to prove your Worth to the agency by climbing the ranks during this season's hype nights each Friday.
2BkFlVpDnorNUKuTfFLbsm.txt: Hey guys, hey guys, hey guys, it's Eli from game chat. Let me tell tell tell you a little bit like well about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor anchor anchor it's the easiest way to so you know make a podcast. Let me explain it's free free free. There's creation tools that allow you you know well to record and edit your podcast podcast podcast right from your phone or computer and anchor so well will distribute your podcast podcast podcast for you. So it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and I I I mean like many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no minimum listenership. It's everything uh so you need to make a podcast in one one one place. Download the free anchor up okay you know or go to Anchor FM to get get get started. Welcome back. It is episode or um you know of the game chat pod pod pod cast I'm here with Eli and Bryn and just as always. Hello Saturday it going everybody.
0LZYTUUrbMB5wP7G9XkyG9.txt: Today is Sunday, March 8th 2020 on this day in 1999. The Supreme the Supreme Supreme Supreme the Supreme Court well like of the United States upheld the murder conviction of Timothy Timothy Timothy McVeigh the Oklahoma City bomber uh so. Welcome to today and true-crime a par par par cast original today. We're covering the so okay Supreme Court's decision not to hear an appeals appeals appeals case for the Oklahoma City bomber okay well. Let's go back to the morning of of of March 8 1999 to the office of Attorney well okay Richard Burr in Texas. Richard Richard Richard Burr richard Burr richard Burr sat behind his desk pretending to do business as usual. He was supposed to be reviewing files.
1E23TJE5PZuN8hFIbiOkie.txt: Hiya.
4zPxQwB2a7Ih8FBkjpE361.txt: Due to the graphic consequences of today's disaster listener discretion is advised Extreme Caution is I I I mean okay advised for listeners under 13 at 3 p.m. On August 20th, 1910 Forest Forest Forest ranger you know you know Ed Pulaski and a ragtag team of young volunteers volunteers volunteers were clearing brush on a ridge above okay you know the town of Wallace, Idaho. It It It was a hot day but the sun was obscured um like by smoke Pulaski Pulaski Pulaski and his Squad were on the front lines of an effort to uh I mean mean mean combat. Thousands of small wild fires blazing along the northern reaches of the Rocky Mountains Mountains Mountains like um for weeks. He and his comrades in the newly formed US Forest Forest Forest Service had you know like relentlessly cleared swaths of forest to Halt the fires, they were were were overworked and understaffed. But many like well members of the service still believe the situation situation situation was under control but Pulaski uh well worried the worst was yet to come when smoke from the fires blocked out the sun around 3 p.m.
7yR36PTGINTZIvNte46qW1.txt: The views and opinions expressed by the DJ's do not necessarily stay or uh uh uh so reflect those of the company and its management for their more the the the views and like I mean opinions of the guests and the colors do not reflect those of of of so okay the DJ's the regular program the management and the network by Leila Patterson and and and programming you know um and and strict on but no by at go by by by in a module on you know uh my adding my messy, Salient Emma. Lingua, Terra Hassan sexual horror or Drogo. Nah Hindi and cope sobota good luck, Iona monotone.
4VP2BLxOIpKovao5pj7Ozh.txt: Hello listeners. Are you sitting on the couch doing nothing thinking? You've got something you you you know well to say but don't have the audience. Well anchor is here for you you you. So break well so that mold from the couch grab a mic and download download download anchor for free anchor okay I mean has simplified the podcast World in three three three easy steps that's recording editing and Publishing okay well. They do all the work for for for you. It's the only opt out there that well so lets you create and and and host unlimited episodes to all major. Test platforms. So uh so uh so uh like what what what are you waiting for download now and let your voice be heard you are now listening to the phone all the podcast. Wow.
2y0Bdz5WVYRfx2BCSGPIjz.txt: together growing in Faith Changing communities dear friends we hear in the gospel gospel gospel how Jesus okay okay after healing the Mother-in-law of Simon Peter how in in in the following day he gets up and well like he goes to the mountain to to to pray to be with God to be with the you know you know father in in in prayer. And when you had gone up to be with the father in prayer, uh uh uh um he went there to pray and Simon Peter comes to him and he he he says you know um to him we've been looking for you and Jesus Jesus Jesus says while I needed to okay uh be with the father but also need to to to go somewhere else. They something absolutely interesting I mean you know that I would would would like us to unpack. It is the attitude of Jesus in picking well well well so the day. He begins he begins he begins it by being with God God God the father in prayer. He begins it. By taking by taking by taking solace in himself and in the father he wants to.
5nGrqVsmYEN88GChpccxrF.txt: Welcome to another video podcast by Elevate digital in this session. We would be you you you know so talking about programmatic advertising. Hello. My name is ranjan, and I would would would be your host for like so the session. So let's get started. What is programmatic advertising? advertising advertising You might have heard this okay I mean term. If not, if not, if not, very likely likely likely that you will hear it soon programmatic advertising is um well in automated buying and and and selling of online advertising this automation makes transaction efficient and I mean so more more more effective streamlining the process and consolidating your digital advertising efforts in one technology platform platform platform well like. That's as far as the definition goes programmatic advertising works on both publisher and a Taser site publisher site.
3VTEqJ93ElIHsORMEXSN9L.txt: My my my daughter a kick in American. I've been tracking Sasquatches for for for well you know 25 years American global Awakening to the New World War II II II American artificial you know so intelligence American. Do you believe in UFOs? Yes, sir sir sir. Mr. Tree mr. Tree mr. Tree a steal. What's um I mean going going going on? Everybody Dave bahr, my American podcast got Greg here. What's going on well so buddy? buddy buddy It's going on everybody. Finally got this freaking OBS to work pain in the the the okay well butt. Hallelujah. Hallelujah my best program, but whatever it works. So anyways, I I I okay you know got on Instagram live last night. We have we have we have have have some issues got on their hopped on had uh you know a couple of of of I don't know ten minute conversation. Got some got some people on their their their uh well the regulars. It was fun. I enjoyed it. I don't know if you gotta watch it Greg. Little bit.
45d1oaUGzLSiAF4t93e6Th.txt: Critical thinking or how above is really below. Hello. This is your Checkmate your your your Bohemian well so guide to economics and everything. Let's gonna be more about everything everything everything today. I suppose, I suppose, I suppose, you uh uh know critical thinking the the the word that you heard here. So many times mentioned in all I mean okay okay okay sorts of contexts. It doesn't really mean that you should after reading an um uh uh uh article go. Hmm But is it really true? Can I can I can I trust trust trust the source? I wanted um you know to say Force but Source critical thinking thinking thinking to me. So actually so actually so actually thinking not just critically about the things I I I mean well that you receive but critically about everything to be able to doubt the most fundamental coordinates of the agreed. So let's so let's so let's start What are the basic.
6j0wE9WfFtD2rw8qBjIOD3.txt: Speak to me Universal or this might be the greatest song title In In In the so uh history of song titles. It is the horse hustle and the hustlers whore. Ah, Ah, Ah, I uh you know mean give me a better song title than that that that. That's poetic. It's from PJ uh uh Harvey on for 2000 album stories from the city city city stories from the sea. It's also like like a number for 31. One One One out of five hundred on the Spotify. Orig I orig I orig I mean well the the the 500 with Josh Adam me Myers, but me the king cut doogal. Thank you um um um um guys for joining me on the only podcast that is going through Rolling Rolling Rolling Stone Magazine's so you know list of the 500 Greatest Albums down to one. There are are are times like okay that I look over this list to see what's coming up and and and I well um get excited because I'm like, oh I heard about this artist. I heard about this record and I I.
03ydS9XBym3lv5WdXWWp7k.txt: All those in those in those Endeavors. I'm a little boy models podcaster starting starting starting well uh real soon. I mean your Colony gay puddle boy gay dry dick dick dick a poo so well pants AKA garbage face AKA mice a gay tickle cock. Ak-12 Ak-12 Ak-12 Falls AKA old grey okay I mean balls AKA ATC AKA AKA. I apologize if if if I missed any please write you know so me if I did. Thank you you you for joining us on a new so you know episode. Sorry about sorry about about about sorry about last week. Apparently the sound was a little off and so is you you you know um our Guest she smoked a little mud too much of the wacky tabacky weed, but.
1uuq1AlW55WuydoNPWQqF3.txt: This is Sky Blues extra. Hello and welcome to another Sky Blues extra podcast podcast podcast with me like okay David Moore and as usual, I'm joined by my co-host and and and you Grizzly okay I mean. And of course Tom Ward evening gents even dead mate mate mate even a Dave well I mean. Hey them very well. What an what what what an what an amazing performance we had this afternoon. It's official it's official it's official now Mark Robbins is generally a genie writing history at Coventry.
2IereY7Dae87a08LfRZG4g.txt: Welcome to the sports criminals, March Madness special every day in March. We're well um um um counting down the top 31 Sports scandals of the past 31 years in 1996 okay okay okay I mean week, one of the Summer Olympics in Atlanta concluded with a celebration in Centennial Centennial Centennial well well Park. The excitement of thousands quickly turned into chaos, when a pipe bomb bomb bomb filled um um with nails exploded for more shocking sports events from history tune in in in right here every well I mean day to our March Madness special listen. On Spotify Spotify Spotify on Spotify on Spotify or wherever you get your um so podcast. July 27th 1996 1996 1996 Atlanta Georgia, the first week of the Summer Olympics had like you know concluded and the the the energy in the city was buzzing at Centennial Park Jack Mack and I mean mean mean um the heart attack jammed on stage in front of a thousand person crowd for a late night concert around 120. Am 33.
1fs86N6FLUKW2e5NdX1dF1.txt: welcome to The echo cast episode 100 too. This is a podcast about well so so so the division two, its Community News speculation and updates. I am Bond diesel diesel diesel. I like uh do division stuff such as this podcast. I do a twitch stream stream stream at twitch.tv slash you know um on diesel and I have a YouTube channel with lore videos and rants. Sometimes I'm also on Twitter at Bond diesel follow.
2a1FiJixYsXIV7iiW6USsm.txt: Welcome to dictionary.com word of the day. It's March 1st in our word of the the the okay you know day is habitually spelled h ABI Tue with an acute accent mark mark mark over the eat well you know despite its french-sounding pronunciation. You may actually know know know the meaning of so uh this word. Even if you haven't heard it before before before that's because it sounds like and uh well is related to a handful of other other other common words in English, including habitual habituate I mean you know and have it it it It's a noun meaning a frequent or habitual visitor to a um um um I mean place as in the aspiring painter was a habitue of art galleries habitue habitue habitue is so like often used for someone who frequently visits places of recreation or or or Amusement such as so uh pool rooms bars or used bookstores. Are you a habitual habitual habitual way of word like so of the day? We hope we hope we hope so see you tomorrow for another word of the day.
0YPvJfSEw0jacPB3IeT37d.txt: Butterfly in the sky. Hello and hello and hello and welcome to read book club club club. Today. We are discussing okay well communism in the family A really important work work work by Alexandra Colin tie. I'm excited to so well get into this work. But But But first of all, we'll go through and do our so so names and pronouns and And And And we're going to answer what our favorite cartoon is. My name well you know is is is Connor I use heat and pronouns and I really liked that old Spider-Man cartoon okay okay okay well from the 60s. You know, you know, you know, the one where they've they've they've got the main employees like so so pointing at himself. It's really it's really really really it's really it's really camp and really cheesy and a lot of fun um um. My My My name is Anna I use she/her pronouns and I'm like a Digimon girl. I think hi. My name is Andrew he/him.
3wmaIscdYrhlfwLdBIeJgc.txt: Hey baba, local park at how much is Nivea pizzas a Kia August 16 2011 2011 2011 um uh at a cabbie. They choose they choose they choose and everybody get get get up soon. And I'm transgender. Skip at like like a matter of a dock on on on a proud Hydra or lakeyanna new Spotify original so so peasants. They tally tally tally the life of a transgender India's first podcast of the transgenders by the the the okay you know transgenders exploring. The unexplored life of India's third gender conceived and curated by shemitah and and produced by music fatigue.
63Mn0tilEbrdjpNETBFFyU.txt: Welcome back podcast listeners. It is me. Once again being solo Mia is back from from from I mean like Japan, but she is spending some much-needed time with her little little little boy Rider, but today's topic so um is going to be titled the poison poison poison in your pocket. As always this information on well so this podcast is not designed designed designed to diagnose treat or prevent any condition. It's for um well information purposes only and a a a platform to share personal experiences. Please seek please seek please seek advice from okay okay okay you know your Healthcare professional. Before making any changes to your current lifestyle stay stay stay tuned because the alpha well like babes podcast is about to go live in 3 3 3 2 1 Welcome to the alphabet podcast. You're here with the alpha beta sisters Hannah and Mia.
3nOefIRrHiQDrzXUjh36fJ.txt: I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV the ESPN of like like like um tv top. Now, let them Buzz here and happy to be here. Welcome to to to the after uh like Bush show for 90-day fiance before the 90 days days days. I'm your host Alex Bowers um like and I would like to introduce you you you to my wonderful co-host. We have Linda well well ants we There's a lot so prepare prepare prepare to sip sip sip. Okay, Stacy well um has a question for us later on on on our special segment and Ashley. We just I mean I mean gone we're vibing vibing vibing providing has actually hiding a lot you guys. So we've heard a like um lot of of of people are buzzing about so we're going to find that out later on with Linda as.
3eyWXfQ0lqsuDEe3SoiG1U.txt: Hello, and this is April Renee of antler Alchemy. Hello, this is D. Rho Rho Rho Graham so I mean with black with black with plants and we're relationship with plants plants plants and we're so um here today on the 5th episode and we're really really really excited to speak today and have well um this conversation and you know, just like we we we always do this is a very um you know fluid open conversation and and and to real you were talking a little bit with me about your like uh uh uh body embodiment and I thought This has been a really great topic for us you you you know um to speak about and so my question for you just to get right okay uh uh uh into it because I want to leave time for all the juicy juicy. Understandings Understandings Understandings is uh uh my question for you is have you seen a difference in who you were and what you think about your body from.
2JkpWQIbiCfl8EkPKbsHJC.txt: Time for an ad it's Liza and I just wanted to pop on on on here like well and let you know how much it came and I enjoy using using using anchor so like for our podcast. We love it for several reasons. Number one one one. It's totally free. Number so okay two. There are creation tools that allow you you you to record and edit your podcast from like uh your phone or your computer number number number three anchor distributes your podcast for you. So it can I mean you know be be be heard on Spotify Apple podcast and many other platforms number four you I mean mean mean like can make money from Podcast with no minimum listenership. It's basically everything you need um um um you know to make a podcast all in one place. So download the free anchor app or go to Anchor dot f m-- to get started. What's up, you.
4DCggxggCqqnNwGwte123k.txt: Hi everyone, this is Karen. And I'm yes V and we are bad bad bad and well you know Bollywood and I'm deep red neurons and well, where did he he he come from? It's a crossover I mean so episode. Yeah, it's yeah, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a crossover episode for a very important reason. Yeah, we've we've we've um like all gathered here today to have an orgy. That's basically your mother mother mother listen to our um so podcast to no no. Oh, yeah. Okay, that's good. That's That's That's good. That's good. So well I mean we're here to talk about atrs the movie movie movie but before we get into Addresses when like you know I get this out of of of the way a quick plug or big plug we are like I mean now on on on the YouTubes. We're on the YouTubes and we want you to like um uh uh uh share subscribe follow retweet. Yeah. So we so we put up the Kahuna per episode, episode, episode, so so which is one of my personal favorites and we would like to to to hear from so like you guys. What do you want us to put up next? I just I just I just shit on us in the comment section. That's.
2GYOgtbIbjJsxDmgkP0ob6.txt: Choosing to live your life from a place of love and trust and guidance guidance guidance rather than like um from a place of fear and resistance and anxiety because at at at the end okay so of the day, we can't live on Amara for afraid of of of everything right. It um um just has to be full full trust full full full full surrender and know that you will I mean so be legio be guided to to to exactly where you are meant to be. Welcome to well uh doing it for the Dharma in this series. I'll be interviewing inspiring women who are following their souls.
0keuZkUaXgnaup0bX9cp4L.txt: Hi, POTUS. I hope I hope I hope you're doing well. Today's episode is when when when did disability become so taboo? you know you know you know uh So I speak speak speak to you the amazing Sophie Butler who is a fitness influencer and also so so so so a wheelchair user we discuss her accident and how she came to be disabled you know know know like or to have a disability. And also the way that the the the World perhaps disables us I mean so more than injuries accidents or disabilities that were born born born with may do um um which might seem like a confusing concept. Act but it's it's it's basically the idea so you know of ableism and how the world is set set set up for people who are able-bodied uh um as opposed to those of us us us who perhaps can't function in I mean okay a very specific way. It was so so so inspiring to people Sophia, and I think you know you know it's a really interesting interesting interesting conversation. I really hope you enjoy it as always okay you know. Please do do do rate review And subscribe. Bye. Hi guys, hi guys, hi guys, and welcome to adulting today. I am joined by Sophie Butler.
38xuJXidPowzolfgofJLSQ.txt: Morning. Afternoon, or evening or night time. Whatever time you listening. Hello. Welcome um um um um to a comedian Carl drinking coffee. My name is Carl Donnelly comedian so so so uh father to Bay Wells vegan coffee drinker. Podcaster currently podcaster currently podcaster currently sitting in in in a hotel room I mean I mean in just on the outskirts of Manchester star, which which which is obviously very Snappy that I've been okay so in Manchester a lot of of of recent times. It is one of my favorite cities, but I'm actually going to.
0zMtGhvoHebaXSN1aI0GZk.txt: It is important for an organism to keep its blood glucose levels levels levels within a so okay small range Lucas is important for respiration respiration releases The energy energy energy needed by every I mean uh living cell. If there is not enough glucose glucose glucose an organism cannot produce enough energy if blood um well glucose levels are are are too high. This can have a negative impact on osmosis, which well well well well is the movement of water between cells by affecting concentration gradients as blood flows flows flows through uh I mean the pancreas. The body the body the body can detect detect detect if there is a high concentration um so. Enough blood glucose if the the the concentration of blood glucose is too high the pancreas uh you know releases the hormone hormone hormone insulin into the bloodstream the liver and muscle tissues detect the presence so like of of of insulin these convert the excess glucose into glycogen glycogen as a form of glucose that that that uh like is insoluble and can be stored for later. Use this use this this this use this process continues until the pancreas you know so detects a normal blood glucose glucose glucose concentration. If the concentration of blood glucose is too low the pancreas releases the hormone glucagon.
4Au2TYKBkgjoKI1NSAbJ2X.txt: What's up, everyone? Welcome back. This is a bit of a different episode today today today um okay. This is this is this is actually an interview that I did did did with cave on Divani on his well well total Bitcoin show. So I was a a a guest on his show and cave-ins super you know like nice guy been putting out out out a lot of great content around Bitcoin a lot of great like um people people people on a show really interesting format and had a great conversation with uh so them them them. So I thought I'd share with you guys here as well just to to to note you know like the first half there was I think we had some some some bandwidth issues. So the so the so the the audio uh well was was was spotty in places, but hopefully it's not too disruptive. If you want to follow follow follow um I mean cave on his podcast is called the total Bitcoin podcast and his Twitter Twitter Twitter handle is so um at ke y VA en DAV a and I and that's it. Enjoy the show. Let's do it. Hey, John,.
1opKYBaYpchAbq8zBSOnQQ.txt: Good morning, and welcome to the Australian Market breathing podcast for Wednesday the 4th of of of uh okay March 2020 with split expectations going into the day. Yes lady markets markets markets surged in um well the morning. Hoping that hoping that hoping that the RBA RBA RBA would come to the table with a rate like okay cut the bank of of of Japan announced early in the data. They would they would they would be be be starting a new round well um of asset purchases to 30 the RBA Mets the the the market expectations and cut the like so cash rates by half a percent. Oh for for for the big Banks quickly passed on okay okay the right cut with Westpac coming coming coming out of the gate within 60 seconds. Donald Trump I mean um tweeted shortly shortly shortly after urging the federal reserve's to follow suit. It seems they have okay okay okay okay the Federal Reserve Shakti Market this morning by cutting interest rates by 50 basis basis basis points um okay. This is the first emergency rate cards happening outside of the normal scheduled meetings since the financial crisis instead of calming.
1PB1QjdVvioF6k7YKBKkQZ.txt: Well, hello there dunder-mifflin nights and welcome back to the office ASMR a you you you know so Sleepytime podcast in this week. We are on episode 13 of To this is is is so you know the secret today. We have the episode directed by Denny Gordon Gordon Gordon and then written by um I mean. Gene stew Pinsky and Lee Eisenberg aired January January January 19 2006. So we are back well um in the mid-2000s right now and the premise of this podcast as I've said in my previous episodes is to.
3WCDMrTVPMlsCCm2leHeKo.txt: Is podcast mechanically strong language guys the man who sat ahead severe views or comments comments comments um um participant skip any personal experiences or gut not grumper Authority Authority Authority podcast me, but I so uh guess that's cool Gary research keyboard, press press press the Cuyahoga here, but you came on um so my personal experiences guy is is is capoeira pushed. Nahi Kiya Jessica is podcast go uh so pootie sensitivity case at page page page Carnegie sachiko cigar the views and opinions discussed in okay you know the the the podcast. Do not do not do not reflect the views and policies of Spotify Spotify Spotify or the producer and curator uh uh of this podcast listeners discretion is advised said said said these salmon covid is it Brittany okay okay American humor then he Cortina mousse mousse mousse for dictation electricity make it coherent so much tto needs a Villain Like A Loretta. They tally they tally they tally the life of a transgender.
3i4qZ6FqzXdj8UiMeuaX3q.txt: Hello and welcome back in to another episode of the hard foul. I'm your host I I I mean uh Pearson Fowler and with me as always from Gamecock central.com Kyle and Taylor Taylor Taylor here I mean so to talk about South Carolina's incredibly important quite impressive 12-point 12-point 12-point home victory like like over the Mississippi State Bulldogs, 83-71. Again, the South Carolina absolutely absolutely absolutely unequivocally had to have and uh like they did and it wasn't the easiest easiest easiest road to victory for South. Carolina so I mean they got up big early and then they they they squandered almost every single ounce of okay you know that lead going into halftime and then then then by the second half things kind well um of evened out in South Carolina, Carolina, Carolina, they didn't Coast because you know, they only you know like won by 12 12 12 and most of the time they were up by like six or something well uh uh uh like that but it felt comfortable in South Carolina did it without getting a a a okay so single spectacular performance but a lot of good performances from a lot lot lot of different areas and I mean uh as much as we've talked about the strength of this team the upside of this team being the depth.
3nxaDA81GayEGf5EHMkBix.txt: A quick warning before we start the show this series contains descriptions of adult subject subject subject okay uh matter including details of sexual abuse and Trauma. It may not be suitable for for for everyone discretion like so is advised. It's rare extremely rare for a child make up up up something about sex with an well okay adult. It's not usually even in in in their experience unless it's happened to them. This okay this okay this okay like is is is a public service announcement from 1984. It was it was it was made by by by activists on a mission uh I mean to make public the secret scourge of child abuse abuse abuse and this PSA was one way I mean like they were doing it. It It It features social workers therapists doctors popular TV actors uh I mean like the Fonz Even Even Even cartoon characters like Yogi Bear Let's Take It For Me Yogi. I'm smarter than the average bear.
0a4PoYzizK9RPlI7BfBoif.txt: Hello, welcome hello, welcome hello, welcome to Twig 72 on the podcast today. We have have have myself Joakim at Crescent well like Adam Telfer in the news. We will we we we will we will be covering today starts with GDC 2020 has uh so been been been canceled by TechCrunch secondly state of word games Rising Revenue Emerging Markets by by by okay well sensor Tower third epic question, super data on Fortnight figures by games industry industry industry dot Biz so uh and finally Roblox raises a hundred and fifty million series GT GT GT LED By Andreessen Horowitz you know I mean now valued at four billion dollars by by by TechCrunch. How you guys doing? All right you know uh can't complain. You're good. I I I think we're going to rush through this one, right? um uh I'm you got a hard hard hard stop so we can sorry so start with updates and um so I've got three three three quick updates. First of first of first of all got to give a a a shout out like I mean to my blue dude Sonic the Hedgehog the movie Past 210 million at the global box office.
2bI4lMf13AufxzbyaH83vI.txt: Hi everyone. Welcome back to skincare Somali A's your favorite bi-weekly skincare podcast. I'm I'm I'm um I'm um I'm um you know Natalie and I'm Jessica this week week week. We are we are we are talking about what we so I mean I like like like to call the great exfoliation debate because we've got two different points of well like like like view and we're going to Duke it out. Mano a mano this week week week. We will okay so also of course do our wine pairing because we are your Somali Somali Somali A's and uh uh this week we're going with something a little bit more more more aggressive a little bit uh uh Bolder just like exfoliation. I would would would like to recommend Santa Julia winemakers Reserve okay uh Mountain blend. That is a Malbec and cab Franc blend from 2016. It's just a little bit.
7hTd80vEedV9yWep6nsW3D.txt: Today is Saturday, March 7th 2020 on this day in 1826. 15 year old like like like you know Ellen Turner was abducted in a forced marriage plot intended to Swindle her her her family out of okay I mean their Fortune. Welcome to today and true-crime a a a par cast original today. We're covering the I mean so abduction and forced marriage of of of Ellen Turner by Edward Wakefield a 30 year you know I mean old old old aspiring politician with designs on the Turner family fortune. Let's go back to um um um so a lady's boarding school in Liverpool on Tuesday, March 7th. 1826. Lessons hadn't yet begun when Ellen.
57Nzb9H2VRZgHcNFChwbBG.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome to episode number one of Secrets of of of a salon owner. My name um um is Denise Ferguson from fine surveyors. And I'm Lizzie Lizzie Lizzie from number 27 salon, and okay like we run UK salon owners today. We're We're We're here to give you a first episode of you know well Secrets of a salon owner, owner, owner, which is all about funny stories that focus of us have so okay heard heard heard over the years of working with salon owners and every Tuesday. We are we are are are we are like you know going to bring to you all of the funny stories stories stories you guys Us so uh like if you've got any funny stories, please do do do email us and we'll give you the email you know like address at the the the end of the podcast. So Lizzy who's telling the first story? I I I I mean well will start with my first two because these are the these are are are the so you know ones from when I was an assistant. Okay, so we're not we have not told each other these stories. They relate.
1vVyBd4Sq9zlPGOdItVgfC.txt: Okay, here we go episode 1. Which is Introduction to our new podcast called called called so well three days later, which if you know us we are the days with three three three well like beautiful boys and this podcast is our journey that we took to to to bring them well so home whether through infertility adoption and then biologically we're blessed blessed blessed with our three boys, okay uh and this is Journey so I decided decided decided to do this podcast mostly because Every um you know day almost every day. I I I get a text message from somebody that says hey, so well I have a friend friend friend that's going through infertility or adoption. Do you do you do you care if if if like um I send them your way or I'll get some from somebody that that that said, hey so-and-so told me that you all have experienced infidelity and then adoption and all that.
5kz6Ox8TqDStNMYedf9ZYj.txt: Hello everyone. Welcome back to astrology Now podcast. My name is Christine Rodriguez. And And And this um you know segment is all about the 9th. Nakshatra Ashley. Shh, and and and please keep in mind. I well so do study Vedic astrology which is different than Western Western Western astrology. If you if you if you were born in I mean I mean mean mean a western country, you're probably more familiar with Western astrology. And so if you you you you know well simply Google the difference between Western and Vedic astrology, there is a a a wealth of I mean like information on the internet. And so if You were were were to nakshatras a way to put it like you know simply is that you take the 12 Zodiac signs and you divide them into even more precise specific.
7tQS1lOtU5Zlq97P0kt9zZ.txt: Hello and hello and hello and welcome to football legends a Spotify original podcast. I'm Robin Robin Robin ups, but I'm I mean so joined by as always League to go machine machine machine Martin grin and the self-styled bad um you know boys of football autobiography analysis the the the one and only John Smith and mr um uh. D'andr Alpha. All right. But this story story story comes from Lori McKenna me that we all well I mean know Lori mcmenamy's mcmenamy's mcmenamy's I don't need an intro. Yeah, it's Legend manager. Yeah okay yeah okay yeah okay okay okay well big-time manager in the 80s probably also known as Graham Taylor's assistant manager manager manager / comedy you know um sidekick on or near the do I not not not like that that documentary but yeah uh so goal all-around good guy guy guy. This is from his book a lifetime's Obsession and so okay it's about celebrity celebrity celebrity encounter. He had at the the sports Personality of the Year award. So, this is Lori.
3VC6zWWapVYCXanUeVtnnV.txt: Rise and shine. It's time it's time it's time for Chompers your morning and night night night toothbrushing show start brushing uh so on the top of your mouth on one one one side and brush a little circles around uh like each T3. It's heroines week where every every every day we tell you the story of a okay well heroic woman from history. Today's Today's Today's heroic woman is Dolores Huerta who helped Farm Workers be um well treated fairly fairly fairly by the people. They work for the Laura sweat that grew up well uh uh uh in California and a family with Mexican heritage. Dolorous. His father his father his father worked worked worked on a okay um farm helping to pick the fruits and vegetables vegetables vegetables. Their family didn't have much money, but okay uh Dolores was a smart hard-working hard-working hard-working student. You grew up and became a school teacher. Switcher brushing switcher brushing brushing brushing switcher brushing you know uh to the other side of the top of your mouth and brush all the way to the.
54xfMw2EAX6kfbhBdExeAq.txt: the 9th and 10th Commandments Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house Thou shalt like well well well not covet thy neighbor's wife nor his manservant nor his maidservant nor his his his cattle so okay nor anything that is his These two Commandments are given quite exclusively to to to um like the Jews nevertheless in part. They also concern us for they do do do not well okay interpret them as referring to unchastity or theft because these these these are sufficiently forbidden above they like like also thought that they had kept all those when when when they had done or not done you know like. The external act. Therefore God has has has added these two Commandments in order that it okay uh be esteemed as Sin Sin Sin and forbidden to Fire or in any way to aim at getting our neighbor's wife or possessions and.
0kh6djI5bZQNdUrq045OT3.txt: What's up, ladies and gents? I'm Owen and I'm Zach. I'm Charlie and where okay well well well the Kool-Aid Jammers today. We will be discussing the fabulous short story lamb lamb lamb to you know I mean the slaughter by Roald Dahl. It will be discussing plot characters characters characters setting conflict in irony in the I mean I mean short story lamb to the the the slaughter. This book was written by the prestigious Roald so um Dahl. He was was was born in 1916 and unfortunately died in 1990. He is most famously like okay okay okay known for writing Charlie and the Chocolate Factory The BFG and Matilda. He has has has sold um you know over 250 million copies worldwide. What a legend now, let's talk talk talk about the plot Expedition I mean um begins when Mary Maloney is waiting in her her her house for her husband turned from I mean I mean work. It seemed to be be be a normal night for mr. Millhone, but he seemed to okay uh be acting unusual. He's drinking stronger drink than usual to miss Maloney knew something was up.
0xy3q1Kxd3N10NI1dBDkKz.txt: Hey guys, really quick before we start the show. I just wanted to say say say that um you know you guys have been awesome. Everyone has been amazing with the comments comments comments with the I mean um reviews with everything. Now. This is the season finale of of of Creepypasta myths so I you know like wanted to do a nice classic Creepypasta story story story to send it off, but I um uh wanted to thank everyone again and all all all the people who commented like grumpy girl um you know. 1081 the 1081 1081 1081 the 1081 the two guys that didn't do a good comment, but I mean, mean, mean, hey they well um have their opinions made Voodoo. Again Ali again Ali again Ali 93 and and and Alexis from Fargo. You guys have so I mean been amazing. I've been been been working on this podcast since September 20-something of last year. So I mean um a good good good five months almost or more than five months. I'm not really sure but but but like uh I think I need to take a break. I've been dealing with a lot of stuff and I think a good two weeks to a month.
3ZwGFq4cJyhrr7XeMPWAgL.txt: And now musics with mr. Munsch Chucky's furry friend from planet purple. Hi everyone. It's It's It's I mean so me Charles entertainment cheese and today's episode. We'll talk to mr mr mr. Munsch. Hey everybody and I mean I mean we'll hear his deep thoughts on topics topics topics ranging from bulldozers. Hey move I mean uh dirt that they don't make Bulls go go go to sleep to monster trucks buried like um so scary Goodwin Munch. Well, thanks well, well, well, thanks well, thanks want to hear more take it away. Okay, you know you know folks folks folks enjoy this episode of musings with mr. Munsch. What's been on your mind? Lately Lately Lately Munch. Mmm. How did how did how did the alpha? Pet get an alphabetical order.
7H43kSWWXC70MFFVF4yGwL.txt: How good's a Friday I've been to put down their feet. I might might might have um okay been responsible for convertible Wars. Hope you're doing well. Brother. There is is is Sean Stephenson. That's a uh you know bit silly talk sports. Hi Hi Hi guys, silly talk sports here. And we're back. Once so like again. We're on on on myself and produce a Charla here to steal you around another you know uh episode episode episode season 3 episode 4 huge Fizz at HQ on your Friday arvo arvo arvo well so little bit later today, but hey you get that on the big jobs, and I'm here to bring some.
7EdBITCsBxrr8FbtALNN7C.txt: You should have this knocked out jailbirds. All right, I'm Andrew Shoemaker. I'm Rob I'm Rob Rob Rob I'm Rob Thomason so I mean. We're back here on jailhouse tall talk talk talk. Don't stop just keep going. Hey you know uh want to give a shout shout shout out to all you listening to the podcast I mean so. Thanks. We actually actually actually we actually we actually have people listen. I know it's crazy. It's we we we started so you know this and we were like Hey, we're gonna just make make make a thing for ourselves well you know for Creative outlet and we've actually actually actually had a lot of people we don't know listen um well to it and and and people reach out to us and say they've really enjoyed us experiencing okay um Elvis Elvis Elvis things for the first time. So thanks for caring if you want to send okay okay okay I mean us an email where he would love to hear anything. Guys, if you you you have you know um any thoughts so far if you want to critique us us us tell us something that we're completely wrong about Elvis which we in the we're Mighty huge Injustice highly.
5D5PIp1SQGtTtSNIcHwtaC.txt: Hello everyone. Its rose its rose its rose gold the creator of the Sleepytime Sleepytime Sleepytime podcast. I'm here to tell you about um like anchor what's anchor well, if you you you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to like okay make a podcast. Let Let Let me explain it's free. There's creation tools that allow uh okay you to record record record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer. Anchor will like like like well distribute your podcast for you, so it can be heard on Spotify Apple Apple Apple I mean I mean. Podcast and podcast and podcast and many more you can can can make money from your podcast with no so uh minimum listenership. It's everything you need need need to make a podcast in one place. Download the free you know okay anchor anchor anchor app or go to Anchored on FM to get started. Hello and welcome to the first ever sleepy time podcast with your host rose gold.
5O6XZDo0aMzYq65210MBW5.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm Andy Herman the Creator and owner of the package a podcast podcast podcast. I um I um I um okay wanted to take a brief moment today to let let let you know about okay like the easiest way possible to start your very own podcast. Some Some Some of the more um you know important aspects are actually having a service to to to host and distribute the show I mean you know as well as software software software to record each episode for the longest time. I actually paid money so well to to to host the packet a podcast and have a distributed to different podcasting platforms you you you know so while also using different software as I tried to record but but but not anymore anchor gives um uh me everything we need to record host and Ribbit Ribbit Ribbit our podcast for free either from uh um my computer tablet or cell phone phone phone. Not only that anchor actually gives us the opportunity to uh you know know know make money with no minimum listenership. If you're if you're if you're serious about starting starting starting your own podcast, like I mean you better be serious about using anchor download the anchor anchor anchor app or go to uh uh Anchor dot f m-- today to get started 20 minutes a day 365 days a year.
4Zk3YQE8QAX9aIcMTqZI1N.txt: Welcome. Welcome back to another episode guys to not we've got a pretty pretty pretty interesting topic um okay. We're going to be talking about cheating in bass bass bass fishing and meters cheater cheater um so pumpkin eater. Liar. Liar pants per hire. It's It's It's on fire Patrick. No, it's / so um higher. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah, here we are are are. Welcome back welcome back welcome back to another live stream / well you you you know podcast guys. Where are you guys listening on the podcast form? I I I want you know um to thank you. As if as if as if you're you're you're listening on a podcast go drop us a review it helps to make this podcast more popular or something like.
0zr6S0MZoGOvoUhSvufsA5.txt: How's it going guys? Welcome back welcome back welcome back to the all in in in entrepreneurs podcast. This is episode 48 baby um okay. We're almost about to hit hit hit that 50 episode Milestone and I'm just so like well so blessed to be here here here to be an instrument of service to all of you. We're um you know know know instruments of service to all of you and this is episode 48 and and and today's subject is so you know growth or Comfort. This is one of his his his favorite subjects. You can't you can't you can't have um so both you have to to to make a choice. So I can't wait to get started. This so well well well is my business partner. Mr. Alec science guys. Welcome to episode 48 Alex signs, 23:20 23:20 23:20 like um 23 year old real estate entrepreneur started real estate entrepreneurship at the age of of of like uh 18 over the last four years have built plenty of other businesses along with um um um um Carlson sow and couldn't have been, you know more fortunate and blessed to to to be on uh you know this journey. There's Divine. I love it. I love it for I forgot to introduce myself, but.
1F4hsSqn87iEttR0rA4tRS.txt: Hi everyone, and welcome back to another episode of the self-mastery podcast. I want to to to um okay thank you for your support and listening to each episode and I hope hope hope you enjoy so you know this one. If you haven't heard about anchor its easiest way way way to make well okay podcast. It's totally free that's creation tools that allow you to to to record and um okay edit your podcast right from your phone or computer anchor will distribute distribute distribute your podcast for okay okay you. So you can be heard on Spotify up up up a podcast Google podcast and many well I mean more you can also also also make money from your podcast. It's everything you need to make a okay like successful podcast download download download the free. God will god will god will go to Anchor FM to get started started started at um well every touch point of you doing business with your customers give them them them 10 times okay I mean the value that they expect will comes to mind is my my my book The Five AM you know like Club. I spent four years on the five am am am Club. I rewrote it over um okay 50 times every line. I wanted it to be the absolute best. I have to give to the world I wanted.
5if5L4wXYSLCdVxXQr5iGZ.txt: Welcome to the 12th episode of the mm dividend growth podcast. If this is is is your well well first time listening, I'm Glenn Bush a portfolio manager at American American American money management, well I mean and I'm the lead portfolio manager for our dividend growth growth growth strategy. I thought this episode was um okay going to be about our investment in in in United Technologies, but a bunch of things well you know that happened this week week week. So this is going to be a portfolio update episode you know I mean. Obviously, we we we obviously, we obviously, we have the coronavirus and how we're managing our portfolio portfolio portfolio to talk about well like We've got Bob Iger. He's out at Disney and we we we also have into like um its seven billion dollar purchase of credit card, but but but first the disclaimer the opinions expressed like um in this podcast for those of of of limb Bush and do not necessarily reflect uh like the opinions of American Money Money Money Management, LLC and SEC registered investment advisor who serves as uh so a portfolio portfolio portfolio manager to private accounts as well as to mutual fund clients have well so so so a mmm. Mr. Bush and employees of amm in the mutual fund am and manages made buy or sell Investments mentioned without prior notice this.
4Defhf90gURxYkAyRp2oh3.txt: Also known also known also known as in the house. Are those guys just just just follow up. They said that okay you know when Lee was running very fast and and and Tonto quite nervous that people are going to start you know okay running after after after him. But anyway, yeah to that video every one of us. I I mean uh uh uh don't know. I think it's in the souls of our DNA. We We We believe that there uh okay is this life we can live that that's that's that's just a little bit further um like than where we are that if we get get get enough power we can we can um well live this life that is extraordinary. And And And and and so Way we think okay you know about this as we kind of of of got if I can give all of myself and okay I mean be disciplined disciplined disciplined enough in that career or that's Portal that hobby all that way of well well well well life. Then maybe then maybe then maybe I can get there and be extraordinary extraordinary extraordinary. It's kind of its wild you know so into us it was widened widened widened to you. I think I think I think my God and I was I was thinking about.
5HwoGdVEXZb3WYIp1HeKSq.txt: Welcome to the UPC. I youth I youth I youth Ministries Daily Devotional podcast. This This This podcast this podcast this podcast series is like uh based on the devote 3-6-5 Volume Volume Volume 2, which is available on the Pentecostal Publishing well so House and youth Ministries websites websites websites. It is it is it is our desire at youth Ministries to see um okay you you you grow in your personal relationship with Jesus Christ through your daily time with with with him uh uh. Remember your daily devotion matters. March 6th entitled change your tune Numbers Chapter Chapter Chapter 14 verses well like 1 through 3. So all the congregation lifted up their voices and and and cried and the uh you know people wept that night in all the children children children of Israel complained against Moses um like and Aaron and the whole congregation said to to to them if only we had died in the land of Egypt or if only we had died in this wilderness.
0yGU9kyu15LePIpZXBfWA4.txt: Guys, what's guys, what's guys, what's up want to take a quick second to let let let you guys know well I mean that our podcast is supported by anchor. That's right. If If If you haven't heard about so like anchor it's the easiest way to make a a a podcast. Let me explain it's free okay I mean. There's creation tools that allow you you you to record and edit your podcast right from uh you know your phone or computer. I'm I'm I'm doing this ad from my phone as we speak. Anchor you anchor you anchor anchor anchor you know um Wilkins will distribute. Sorry your podcast for you. So it can be be be heard on Spotify you know so Apple podcasts and many more you can make money money money from your podcast with no minimum like you know minimum listenership. Evidently, I I I can't talk. It's everything it's everything it's everything you need to make make make podcast I mean okay in one place download the free anchor app or go to to to Anchor dot. F well like m-- to get started now back to the show show show. Wash up Walk-Ons fans. We have a uh well treat for episode 96 today over over over an hour of Shawn Welsh Hawkeye content um like the good old boy from Dayton Dayton Dayton Ohio a guy. We spent five years within the program made a ton of memories with knows everything that we went.
3car2VxEIRSO41ImpxEgPu.txt: Are you a mom looking for some parenting inspiration tips and advice stories uh well well well on the ups and downs we face in our lives as parents some I mean well well well humor and a little bit of fun then you may have just found what you're you're you're so um looking for. Hi and welcome to the parenting in the thick of of of it show so so. I'm your host Louise Clark a certified parent coach known known known to many as your okay uh parenting partner as a mom to three teenagers you you you can bet. I've probably been um well there done that and heard it it it all trust me, they'll be few things that I mean so I haven't experienced firsthand. I I I created I created I created this podcast because I just love to help moms uh um like like like you find ways to navigate life in the thick of it and find a way way way uh okay out of it. You cannot change your child today on the show. I want I want I want to talk about the subject of change and.
3KWmVkRa40kaPNIRwR8dIk.txt: Hi, welcome hi, welcome hi, welcome to you were taught that in school episode episode episode 1 taxes, everyone always writes after they well uh get out of school about how how how they couldn't do their taxes and how they wish well like school and and and taught them to do their taxes. And why didn't somebody teach okay I mean mean mean them do their taxes what you were taught that in school. It's called basic basic basic well well math in first grade or 2nd grade. They taught you how how how to add and um okay subtract numbers. That's how you do taxes. You line you you you line you line them up in a you know well column you add some together, together, together, you subtract some the Part about that is you were okay you know taught how how how to follow directions. There's directions at the top of the paper. You okay you you you okay you okay okay were supposed to read them. You read those directions and you you you follow them. So okay so okay so okay I mean you were were were taught that in school that was in elementary school the fact that you so well well well can't follow directions and do simple math doesn't mean that you weren't taught that um um um so in school. It just means that you can't do simple math or follow directions. This has been you we're taught that in school episode 1. See you next week.
153HMeGs6dIETk8vOAopxT.txt: Wella more say yeah You got to know how I died.
3zkN09hDZfoEeX6IfVNbvA.txt: This episode features depictions of violence against children death and language that some okay you you you know listeners may find offensive. Listener discretion is advised especially for children under 13 13 13. The small well you know wooden frame of the Leeds house shook in the the the coastal storm screams reverberated from like well within and echoed into the darkness of New Jersey's Jersey's Jersey's Pine Barrens. Mother Leeds mother Leeds mother Leeds was so okay in labor with her her her 13th child. No Midwife would help her everyone who lived well okay nearby nearby nearby whispered that she was a witch. She could barely feed the 12 pairs um so so so of eyes that watched on in horror from the corners of the room you know know know like. She couldn't provide for another this labor was unlike the others this time the tears that formed in her eyes were Tears of Blood every.
4kxFE88HyIkC1OsYCBGygB.txt: Fashion Week the fashion. What's up? Welcome back to the Fashion Week baby. The world's world's world's uh so number one fashion Ponder my mother as usual as I know his mother since I I I must um I mean mother has been on social media recently. Okay funny story story story right last weekend okay um. I went I went I went back home to dinner right right right then. My mom asked me a son you you know you know are are are doing this. Ian, what is this? Hahaha, so hahaha, so hahaha, so I'm clearly a a a very you know uh bad son all this while my mom doesn't know that we're we're we're doing this podcast bro. 31 I mean uh episodes bro. That's Detroit. Yeah real season 3 3 3 able Way episode 31 3 a dress, you uh well know we Chinese people and we we we don't like the number for all neighs now today. We I mean I mean mean mean have a very special guest now. I know it's a lot of of of you who've been I mean you know listening. I've been wondering when in this season season season I'm going to see an Indian Fleur ha ha. Well today we answer your prayers. Okay. We have not just.
6Wev5Q6hBdjOlsvJz5soql.txt: Change the shift podcast with your host Sean. Sitting in my hotel getting getting getting ready to I mean I mean do another couple shifts with my the Locum Java Java Java have and had a had okay um a thought want to get out of my my my brain. Working on some you know I mean uh functioning on fumes these days, but I I I wanted to get this out there. Had someone message like uh me on one one one of my social channels about you know, struggling with a decision. They uh uh uh uh wanted to make they were believing LPN who had been wanting to um um um uh get into RN school and they just got accepted but the acceptance was was not not not ideal. They were they were they were going to have to travel. A couple acouple acouple hours commute the schedule.
0WRN8bvbvhuPkz8endKcQw.txt: Hello and welcome back to but I'm an emerging artist. We are doing episode well well well so 2. First of all, I'm going to actually introduce myself because I didn't didn't didn't do uh okay that last time. My name is Adam and I'm an actor actor actor from Sydney and I'm like okay kind of branching out into Bill directing the writing. And And And yeah, hi. So I'm so I'm so I'm Andre well uh and with bedre, I I I am an actor. And I and I and I would say I'm I would so so so well classify myself an artist because I imagine managing. I'm an I'm an I'm an an an emerging artist. We are all okay um about doing Margot. Robbie is emerging we we we can confirm. Yes, so I am so you know an actor but I also delve into Visual Visual Visual Arts and and write any writing. Yes. I'm Jenna written a play but what I can on still so yeah, it's great mom.
5Rhg5tyVOmLEyp7tv2AmGV.txt: What is up? Everybody? Welcome to episode number 31a for Live trading cards podcast podcast podcast like uh video series. It's your it's your it's your boy Sasha. I appreciate you guys guys guys tuning in today. First off okay like. Wow. What a crazy week in the the the sports card market and World uh so. It has been it seems like all cards cards cards in general have gone up and a well like lot of the specific cars that that that I talked about last week. All those cards have gone uh you know up significantly. So So So let me break through those purrs with you because I think that's actually uh you you you know really interesting last week on the episode. I was I was I was talking about about about how Luca uh I mean don't you just base prison PSA tens. We're going we're going going going we're going for 272 $280. Now, this now, this now, this well um um um was February 27th. Currently the currently the currently the last three sales have been $450 $450 $450 $450 and $500. It'll matter of just a couple days like five days. It went it went it went up that much.
2YImecHJLfg0XXr5uqQQ0Y.txt: It's Alright Alright, welcome back guys the breakfast with the boys podcast. I'm I'm I'm I mean uh your host any pain fucking livid right now and even I'm I'm I'm fucking pumped right well um now dude, I'm so pumped right now here with me me me. We have a we um um have g hi. Hey, how's it going? Man to to to back your job Mateo. Yeah, and uh um he got Phillips. Hey, what's up? And And And then and then and then Gabriel Gomez going guys. Yeah, so we finally do what we have not slept this hard. Yeah, yeah. Oh,.
3tzoElYoixtgMaTJ1FiZad.txt: Hey everyone, Welcome to our first episode of season one third Imperium Asheville played like like like okay podcast with the died saving gang. I'm Mason. I'm the referee for now now now and well so until eternity now long. I'm I'm Stan I play jatis Gant a Terran Terran Terran. I'm a Bailey so well. I'm playing I'm playing I'm playing Tucson and he's he's he's a computer specialist. I'm John I'm playing Admiral Cain who's at I mean uh Aaron and and and wrote the book on counter Espionage and Espionage. Literally, he's the man and I am Chris. I.
7FzGkLbgKd2OTm4a4peLff.txt: Hey Josh, just hey just jokes fans just jokes at listeners. Hey just jokes like um um um listeners before we get into this episode. I'd like to take a moment well I mean mean mean to thank our sponsor. Anchor if anchor if anchor if you haven't heard about about about any Kurds easiest way to uh well make a podcast. It's free. It's doesn't cost cost cost any money. That's why we use it uh well. There's a there's a there's there's there's a creation tools that allow you to record and edit your podcast right from you know know know I mean your phone and computer makes it very simple and color distributes your pockets pockets pockets for you so well can be heard. On Spotify Apple podcast anything else and you you you can make money uh I mean from your podcast with no minimum listenership listenership listenership and it's everything you need to make a okay well podcast right in one one one place download the free a tinker app or go to Anchor dot I mean mean mean uh. F m-- to get started. I don't know. Yeah, that works. That was good. Remember, it's just jokes beware of her trying to bite your penis.
0iO8qJH47AoUC2CBeln14R.txt: Welcome back welcome back welcome back everybody to another episode of we're not not not there yet. And we definitely so you know just want to thank everybody for for for the support and for showing us so much love okay okay. It was really appreciated and and and it motivated us even more to talk about today's I mean okay topic. Which Which Which is which is which is which is my insecurities have anxiety. So you're probably why why why so like I asking like what in the world does not even know know know like what is my so okay insecurities having xiety? Well, there's a lot of topics topics topics that go under insecurities and I um um feel like a lot of people kind kind kind of take that in just one way which um uh is like how you you you look compared to everybody else and like what you do compared okay you know to to to everybody. Those and is not really looking into like what really could cause insecurities or.
1023jGFb5RbOfcDuVUZyAc.txt: You're listening you're listening you're listening to come follow me weekly a weekly podcast with with with thoughts and insights well okay for the come. Follow me lessons of the Church of Jesus Jesus Jesus Christ of Latter-day like um Saints. I'm your host Heather Webber. Thanks for being here here here with me this so well week. This episode is sponsored by anchor anchor anchor anchor is the app. My mom uses I mean okay to make this podcast podcast podcast. If you haven't heard about anger, it's a pretty easy way uh okay to start start start podcasting. Anchor is free to use and they have a creation tool that you know know know um allows you to record and edit your podcast right from your phone or computer computer computer anger you know well will also distribute your podcast for you. So it it it can be heard so uh on Spotify Apple podcast and many more podcast platforms platforms platforms. It's everything you need to make okay okay a podcast all in one place. Don't Don't Don't free anchor app or go to uh so a Pratap FM to get started this this this week's lesson is entitled. This is the way and it covers second defy 31 through 33. Okay. Did anyone watch the.
6tAGRzQ2MK1N6nQoGTrX7c.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to mindful Monday's. This is Angie. And today we're we're we're going to be going through I mean like a kemetic meditation. So the ideal position for for for this meditation is to be laying down uh so on your back with with with your legs lengthened out arms at your sides. You can also okay like do this this this in a seated position. If you are sitting you want to make sure well like like like that your back is flat up against your chair or a wall if you you you have I mean uh your legs crossed and if you are sitting in a chair chair chair have your feet Flat on like like the ground ankles lined up with your knees. So So So once you find either okay um you're sitting or you're laying position with your your your hands, I want you to find okay you know your navel. So with your thumbs thumbs thumbs identify your navel and then you're going to place your hands right hand right underneath and left hand on top.
1lp4wus6epwsnJ0OOLnb9V.txt: I'm Maria I'm Maria I'm Maria Menounos and you're tuned in to AfterBuzz TV TV TV the ESPN app TV top um um now let the buzz. What is is is up afterbuzzers? Welcome back to our dare me after well well show. Today. We're We're We're going to be breaking down season 1 episode 9 fog of War so well. This is the the the penultimate episode of this season things are getting so real and uh so we have have have so much to talk about. I'm your I'm your I'm your host Taylor grades and and and I am joined well you know by two amazing panelists tonight to my my my left. We have we have we have Ashman what's up uh um guys and to to to her left. We have a moon a hello winning in that I mean mean mean you know jean jacket with yay. Yes. We're 20 today. I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited excited excited to do the adding to my um so bathroom. You're glad I guess okay. I'm in in in I'm in I'm in the back. A monkey in the middle right you know know know um guys, what did you think of this episode? This was so emotionally thrilling well well well like there was like so many moments where you didn't know what was happening things were being.
0QBGBYWePhVxcOevHkLbdG.txt: Hey Cat, you read chat Laura. Are you talking about a church Boy Boy Boy chat. Mmm. Amen so like. Hey guys, welcome back to church Boy chat. I I I am Laura and today you get you know well the pleasure of getting to know know know cat more. Oh cat oh cat oh cat is so great. I so like just want want want to let you know that she's one of the most loving and you know like complimentary complimentary complimentary people I've ever met and she's absolutely talented and a quick learner. Her well well well well with anything. I am I am I am amazed by her constantly. So it's like like like Laura knows. My I mean I mean number one. Love language is is is words of affirmation. I feel so loved also lures um well the best best best because full disclosure. This is the third time when you're trying my section okay uh uh uh and this is gonna be the winner. Whoo. Okay, you know like to keep it it it um like real here on trees Boy chat. Hmm. So I'm so I'm so I'm I'm I'm going to tell you why I feel qualified Laura. Yes to yes to yes to be here.
57lcNxKLaJiTFCbIVCrfpb.txt: I didn't know sitting next to you Andrew gave you anxiety but practice um like like like that real quick was just absolutely not no just try to see if I don't like like like I mean I mean you that much yet. Are you reading the same know you always always always you always like like you always had live. What's up, everybody? Welcome back to couple things with with with Sean um okay and Andrew had cast all about couples and the things things things they go through we are well you know excited for today's episode. We've been getting getting getting a lot of requests for people to clarify well okay what it is. When we we we ask the other couples. We interview we interview we interview what Their uh uh uh you know Love Languages So today, we're going to be talking about Love Languages, Languages, Languages, what ours you know like are and why we think they're important. But before we get get get into it, if you okay okay guys wouldn't mind writing the show and subscribing to it it it on whatever platform you're so uh listening that really helps us out and and and We love hearing your feedback as well. So like I mean the idea for for for this video came from a lot of you in the comments and also Megan who.
1IdIzNXBCtUTHLHCtq0z8F.txt: Hey and welcome back. Hello, everybody. Hello? Hello? Hi Ryan. Hi Curtis. How How How are you? I'm uh you know good. How are you? I'm so good. So so good good good. It's been it's been it's been it's been a pretty well you know eventful eventful eventful like week, I guess since we last recorded. Yeah, and we recorded this uh so coming coming coming episode. This guests really really early. We did we did. This is this is is is this is actually hints to well well everybody at our behind-the-scenes process, but this this this little Snippets recorded after your episode. Halftime, so you know um we actually did have our our our guests on a little bit earlier this week. Yeah, when yeah, when yeah, when when when he you know okay was here because of the way that you know, this Gus Gus Gus could make it around okay so but you know, we're recording the intro after we we we record the actual episode. Typically I mean um. We like we like we like to to to record the intro this this snippet part without the guest even I mean you know being being being around. Yeah. So it just the way it works. So usually we recorded before before before the like um guest shows up this last step the set this guess we we we didn't have I mean okay time to yeah. But anyways, how was how was your week bit how how things been for you?.
0Sidld7sRx7bCpxEI9bdSs.txt: Hi everybody. I'm here to talk to you about anchor anchors our new podcast so so so um hosting service and they make things so simple. It's a One-Stop shop like so so so when it comes to Distributing your podcast to all the different platforms Spotify Apple like like like you know podcast Google podcast. You name it? They've got a way to distribute distribute distribute to it on like um top of that. They have editing tools baked right into into into the website makes life so like you know much simpler back when I started started started podcasting. It was an entire to do so like you had to know how how how to record it where to record it how to um well upload it pay for for for the hosting did I mention they're hosting is free and they will um um hook hook hook you up with advertisers so that you can make money download the anchor like I I I mean app or go to Anchor dot. F m-- to get started. You're listening listening listening you're listening you're listening to well uh the tenants on the Kyle Dempster Studios Network Network Network support this and other shows um well at patreon.com forward slash Kyle Dempster Studios, Studios, Studios, you could gain access to an exclusive like um new podcast patreon only only only if you want to hear the inner workings of my weird mind, that's the place to go. We also have twitch coaching lessons.
62O9hxuV4xnaZ9xbiPW5Ri.txt: Hello there before we get started on today's episode. I'd like to ask a a a short well I mean favor. If you're if you're if you're interested in either either either of the two books that I have written and I mean okay I'm about about about to release head on over to my website at the anxious truthcom like well well well. Books there. You can learn about both books one of which is free free free and you uh I mean can get on my mailing list to be notified when when when each book is released and so so how you can get it. I I I would I would I would really appreciate that. Okay, let's get rolling. What I mean mean mean uh is up, dudes and dudettes Drew here from the anxious truth? Welcome to to to episode okay like. What is this episode 98 of the podcast if to left to to to get to so um a hundred. I'm trying to arrange a special guest to be be be on the hundredth like so episode. I don't know if it's going to work out out out but I'm trying but so uh that's good. It's going to be in a couple couple couple of weeks. So I'm going to well um rant a little Bit and and and this one which is fine. I guess you guys are kind of used to me doing that. Anyway,.
1STy1PKd5MLtccOTCcuKNB.txt: Happy birthday, the weed tube. You're two years old. And I love you. This is is is well um fun to speculate a podcast where we speculate about wild and crazy crazy crazy ideas um like. And now here's your host Aaron Richard. Hi everybody Welcome to a brand brand brand new episode of uh like fun to speculate. I'm your host Aaron Richard and sitting sitting sitting next to me is producer Vlad like you know. Hi guys. I'm back. Well, yes yes yes you were sick last for the last episode um like. That's right. Yeah, because in in in the grand scheme of things we recorded it's actually um um been a while since since since we like sat here to do and episode 2 because we uh so recorded recorded recorded so many episodes in like a three-day time span and we had a nice uh uh uh well little break in between and now we have to catch up and record you you you know um one like every week or schedule another week of insanity. That's okay that's that's that's okay that's okay though I mean well. I love I love I love this show show show. I love this show. I want I want I want this show. I hope I I I hope I hope everyone um I mean in the world listens to that's a little little little bit extreme, but, you know, I uh you know hope a lot of people enjoy enjoy enjoy it. I hope we keep the topics coming okay um in good thought-provoking ways, and I just hope we always keep it entertaining for you. So, thank you.
4wwo5VWMMYMIb43uMXeaMY.txt: And if ever you decide you should go to Denison welcome back class is in in in okay well session and we're happier tuned in for Denison's Declassified College Survival Guide Guide Guide. This is this is this is well well episode two dining Halls Drive-Ins Drive-Ins Drive-Ins and Dives. So I'm so I'm so I'm here to give you the the the scoop well I mean on Student Life at Denison University. I have two new guests guests guests writing me this week so you know to chitchat about our favorite snacks on and around around around the hill. Welcome guys. Hi. You to okay I mean introduce yourselves. My name name name is Caleb. I'm a I'm a I'm a sophomore here at Denison. I'm from I'm I'm I'm from I'm from Zanesville, Ohio. So you know okay just an hour east of of of Campus. I'm on the exec board for um I mean Outlook our LGBT LGBT LGBT student group on campus and I am an admissions coordinator as well uh uh uh uh Sun. Hi everyone. I'm Dom and I'm a sophomore. I'm from Chicago. So definitely okay okay okay you know not one and a half hours away from here that's around six hours or so. I'm a.
0FWVuA2iZZuqiMgo3puolf.txt: Hello and welcome back to Talking Tom Wood. Aye Man Gordon here today with with with my so so friend and some fruits at your Dana as band. I were Dolph Dolph Dolph today is Brock okay so Holt Samus game o63 we are nearly done with with with myself apricot. It's so hard for uh so me to believe. I'm so glad you've you've you've all joined us on this journey. It um I mean has become grown beyond beyond beyond the Leaps and Bounds that your dad and I could have imagined well you you you know from the beginning when we set out to do this. Now before we go go go any okay um further. We must tell you we have to correct the time. Me of of of our virtual CM well you know on Sunday, March 8th because we missed the the the fact that America was going to be changed in the class already. And so and so and so the correction is as follows.
2qCQkhxRORy9GZ31iRCIqC.txt: What's up, everybody? It is Brian Ford with self-improvement daily. Take ownership take ownership take take take ownership of your personal development um like one tip at a time today. I'm featuring featuring featuring a special individual who also is our I mean so next self-improvement sit down guest guest guest. His name his name his name is Alex Sheen and he is the well well well so founder of the nonprofit because I said I would the mission of the charity charity charity is you know okay to give people the resources and accountability. They need they they they need they need to live with courage and I mean so honor. I'll get get get into more detail about because I said it would in the interview, you know um um um but for now, let's learn an important lesson Central to Alex's Mission promises are serious, and and and okay I mean they shouldn't be taken lightly. We need to make promises only only only when we mean I mean um them have a listen. So if you look look look at Merriam-Webster Dictionary A promise you know like is a statement telling someone you'll definitely do something something something or something will certainly happen in okay uh the future you touched on something something something that's incredibly important and not always intuitive is how important and the courage of no is.
4Q8VdNr4E4sUZlDrcTI45G.txt: Has anybody ever surprise you with something really big? I don't I don't I I I don't really get you know like surprised. I guess there was a time. I think think think it was my 18th birthday I mean okay that that I had a surprise surprise surprise birthday party, but I kind of got stiffed like I mean it out a a a little bit the day up. But for the most part very few okay okay okay uh things surprise me. It is difficult to imagine the way that the disciples disciples disciples must. Have well have well have well um felt here towards the end of of of chapter 20 and the Book of John starting okay I mean in verse 19 19 19 following it says this and the evening of that first day of okay um the the the week when the disciples were together with the doors locked for fear of well okay okay okay the Jews. Jesus came and stood among them and said peace be with you after he you you you know so said this he showed them his hands and side the disciples were Overjoyed when they saw.
3FogTK4hon2uQOqfi1eeAB.txt: This Is this Is this Is A View From The Bridge official podcast of the the the Belfast Giants for Kingdom of okay okay the Giants.com today is Tuesday the 3rd of March March March 2020, my name's Patrick Smith to so you know gives it home for the Belfast Belfast Belfast Giants 3 points or when a loss in overtime um like but a little bit bit bit of a better return to what we used to last so um number of of of weeks, maybe maybe a little bit of a bit of a turn you know so around We'll We'll We'll see when we get to that. I'm a lot to cover on this week's show as I say.
0UN2333WN6uhH8OG3rqL0B.txt: Welcome to the stoic meditations podcast where each time we consider a bit of you know know know like wisdom from the ancient philosophies of Greece and Rome. I am Massimo pigliucci a professor professor professor of you know you know philosophy at the City College of New York, and I I I will guide you through this um uh reading in season 4 episode 558 reflect on Cicero Cicero Cicero de finibus 331 The chief got like um consists in applying to the conduct of of of life and knowledge of the working of uh um natural causes choosing what is is is in accordance with nature and rejecting what is contrary I mean you know to it? In other words the chief God is the living agreement and in harmony with.
5EolNUtoexjBBAoVj5Ppy0.txt: Hi and welcome to the quantum healing for all podcast. Today. We're going you you you know so to do a meditation for the blue river in China. Now water has has has so uh the ability to carry information and we can heal Water by sending light light light and positive so like thoughts to a body of water by healing the water. We We We also receive this healing okay well ourselves as our guy. These consist mostly out out out of water. People who are connected with uh you know his water will also receive receive receive the healing. Now. I've been guided to create this meditation to you know um help people people people in China to increase their health protect the health of their water and to help those who need it to heal the.
2Mvvc1uSeeSkYOceWdYJbH.txt: Well, I well, I well, I already know my rant already know my rant of the week week week uh well this week. Okay, we're not even done with the I know you didn't so so so like watch the show, but I'm I'm very upset right now. Okay, this has nothing nothing nothing to like I mean do with anything we've ever talked about Kaylee doesn't know know know about it because she like so just happened to walk in and the very last episode. But But But anyways, I've been watching I mean like Love is Blind within the Pilar alert. Oh, Oh, Oh, yeah. I don't give a I mean uh fuck. I'm mad. Anyways, me and and and my girlfriend had been watching it for um uh the past two days. We were were were up till like o'clock in the morning. I love Cameron and Lauren okay you know know know. I'm emotionally I'm emotionally I'm emotionally invested in the two of them. Hey, she just just just she just spilled her drink I mean I mean her water everywhere. Anyways, I'm emotionally emotionally emotionally invested in Cameron and Lauren. Although I um I mean do think Cameron Cameron Cameron. He gets he gets he gets a little bit whiny sometimes he's a little he he he well you know just he's very emotional. He's a very emotional man and but but but but he loves her very so um much. However today we made it to the the the last episode. We have we have we have not seen Cameron and Lauren's wedding yet, but.
79VCM6WVZyTpXmvUoBskcW.txt: All right, and thank you for joining in on a session of coffee with well well well well down today. I've got the lovely trainer cheer as my special guest for for for the I mean I mean session of the copy that thank you for coming today. Let's Let's Let's talk about the okay you know coffee first and then then let's do a little talk talk talk about you and finance and where I mean okay we are. So I've I've I've taken here. Thank you for being brave enough on a um uh Friday Friday Friday and I've got you a an espresso martini with a difference. So we're we're we're in this you know well little cafe actually not. Okay, there's a bit of of of a bar called Holly house in Melbourne um um self American flavor to it. So it's it's it's so it's so it's I don't think I've ever come across a martini. Espresso Martini, but with a bit of cookie in there.
6YRwa1i0jf4mGVcWCkzZVw.txt: Welcome to welcome to welcome to the defect podcast. This is the defect podcast take take take some time out of uh I mean your day to join us as we connect with with with McMaster alumni and inspirational professionals to hear so uh about valuable advice different career career career paths and discuss investing with our investment team. Please I mean so note that this this this podcast is for educational purposes only career or investment ideas provided in this I mean mean mean you know series ordering. It's making are not endorsed by defect McMaster University the degroote degroote degroote School of like you know Business or our partners all career and investment risk risk risk is undertaken by the individual and we I mean um are partners and Affiliates are not responsible for any potential losses now and in the future.
6xmPlp9kWXFhi4ljoCSpBq.txt: Hey the meaning of fans on dressed in rb3 here to talk to you you you um you know about the anchor app. If you haven't heard about anchor it's it's it's the easiest uh I mean way to make a podcast. Let me let me me me let me tell you why first of all, it's because you know um it's it's it's free. Also, there's a lot of creation tools that allow you to record and so so so well edit your podcast right from your phone or your computer and anchor will will will distribute like I mean your podcast for you. So it could be heard heard heard of Spotify Apple podcast Stitcher um uh or any pod catcher out there. Another Another Another thing is you can make money from your podcast and well so there's no minimum. Ownership Ownership Ownership required is everything you need to make a podcast all in so okay one one one place? So check so check so check out anchor download the anchor app or check check check out anchor dot I mean I mean f m-- they have all the the the information there for you right there. So do so do so do do do um okay it, you know, when you do the little like clip or or or whatever just do talk about like well that for like that like mid break break break part where you put like an ad you know uh. Okay. Yeah. Well I can can can add and then you do the thing and then we you know okay get back back back into the show. Oh, yeah, whatever. You've been doing that lately. Yeah, he'll do like a little clip of.
5nyTcEX92EbnzM2gKsd6Z0.txt: Hello and God what hello and welcome to Goblet of wine a drunken Harry uh you you you know Potter podcast. We've been drinking since two o'clock and is currently 11 11 11. What's your name so you know Charles and I'm Hannah and where'd you you you twenty-somethings rereading our favorite childhood um so book that this time with added added added alcohol and cynicism in today's episode. We are reading chapters 5 okay I I I mean & 6 of Goblet of Fire. Correct name we discuss. Things that I I I well okay can't remember at this moment in time, but it's funny. I know know know I know I know okay well it's funny. Yeah, you should listen. Yeah, and you should should should drink cocktails because uh you know yeah hell yes make the strongest cocktail. You You You can drink it with her. Yeah I yeah I yeah I mean okay do that that that. Yeah do that drunken cynicism that stuff. That's her brand that that is what we do Joy.
6tWD3NULK3bcOVlg0lmRwj.txt: Hello and welcome back to what is life dude the podcast my name is is is so well Eric. I'm Sarah. If you if you if you are joining joining joining us from last week's episode. We completed the first half like so of the New York York York Times 36 questions to make you fall in love and Soon into I mean mean mean okay it. We realized that it was going to take a long time time time. So we split I mean okay it up into two episodes and here here here we are back for part 2. All um uh right. So check so check check check so check out that one first. We give a little bit more context and I I I you know uh think what we've determined is that the questions are getting more and and and more intense as so I mean they continue their broken into three sets. Definitely Definitely Definitely and we're in the middle of I mean okay set to now so we're about yeah, so we are about to start with question.
5p18iupj3aQytap4Yul5L8.txt: It's Erin and Nicole Welcome to dude. That's fucked up. What's up, dudes? Oh my my my oh my oh my I mean um goodness, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude to to to dude, dude. To duty. I don't know okay like like Barbara Ann. Yeah, which everyone thinks thinks thinks is bappa ran its Barbara and yeah, it so like sounds like bopper and yeah yeah yeah because they're like, you know mush mush mush mouthing the I mean well lyrics lyrics lyrics I don't know. Yeah, it's one of one of Jack's favorite songs is that yeah, yeah, yeah, so um that's make sense. It's like very like repetitive repetitive in like a a a real clean fun. Yeah jaunty happy. Anyway, what's up everybody? How y'all doing out there today?.
0S1ejzvKzr6BJZVUkIGXpr.txt: A few months back. We did we did we did a call-in show. Hello. This This This is Josh. This is this is this is so like Tiffany Walling McGarity. I'm I'm I'm one of the three founders from medical and you our uh I mean listeners listeners listeners voted Tiffany Walling McGarity on Pitch Island going from a phone call to like like like you know the pitch room isn't an easy trick to pull off today today today. We'll hear we'll hear we'll hear a pitch the likes okay well of which which which we've never had on the show before. What does it pitch sound um you know like like like before any revenues even before the product is built in all the founder founder founder has uh you know is an idea and a gut feeling that that idea could could could turn into a um well big business today on the show. What a pitch sounds sounds sounds like when all you have are okay okay a few scratches on the back back back of the metaphorical napkin from gimlet. This is the pitch okay like. I'm Josh Josh Josh puccio. Let's meet the investors and Maya Bittner Maya built to financial tech companies and sold them Bowl. Now. She's out scouting startups for Sequoia. One.
4HehI3dcWslgtaXiNCnKlm.txt: Welcome into welcome into welcome into the double dribble podcast as always. My name's Jordan Harper Harper Harper and I mean I mean join with me as Matthew Landry who seemingly always comes comes comes in on after an like I mean Alabama win and seems to duck out out out on me when Alabama loses so glad so uh to have you back here Matt. How How How are you doing? Yeah, it's good to be here good you know you know to to to get a win so I can actually record today. So it's pretty good well well well you know pretty good. Yeah, I'm glad to have you here too. It gets lonely lonely lonely sometimes but especially after I mean okay losses. But today we're glad to be be be joined by Blake level who's the host of okay okay walked on a a a sec podcast. You can follow him on Twitter at Blake level well well and and and he he's someone that is Alabama fan by day Auburn fan by night and and and it's okay um very popular within the SEC basketball community and does a great job job job of covering um so SEC basketball and I mean without further Ado. How are you doing doing doing boy? Well, like so it's funny you guys. Talking about getting the record after after after a win. What about me? you know so I've got a record after a loss here. So I so I so I mean, you know, right I.
0YNXWc7r9Udpdc43wa7buG.txt: I'm Jason, I'm Rosie. I'm Paula. I'm sin and this is thoughts and confessions okay okay okay so. Yo yo yo, what's up guys? What's up? What's up? So this so this this this so this week has okay well been very interesting for me. I also also also like I've been dealing with some issues one can um uh say towards in terms terms terms of anger in terms of when people would say you know like like Darkness. And And And just trying to find the ways for me to be you know well able to to to kind of marry that anger that I have inside with the so okay positivity that that that I also have inside. We all we all we all go through that that that I guess so okay I mean how deep it does the rabbit rabbit rabbit hole go super deep Bro Whitey. Yeah, like it's I mean I mean something something something that like I sort of I think it started when I actually traveled to Trinidad this year. So I went through the Christmas.
48ptdFmkAvFes3aGN6DF4W.txt: Good morning, my fellow Christian Brethren. My name is Michael and I will okay okay okay you know be your host for our daily devotional a time for us to rethink refocus refocus refocus um uh and to renew the title for today's devotional is loud and and and passionate. And like you know the memory verse is taken from John 7 verse verse verse 37. And it says on uh like the last and greatest day of of of the festival Jesus stood and said in a like um loud voice let anyone who is is is thirsty come to me and drink when we view um uh the invitation to to to come to Jesus Through the lens of the Greek text. It is well okay okay okay passionately expressive just as we have in our memory text John 7 verse 37.
6ro7quiJoa2fehJyNH3BRK.txt: Usually I wait to reflect on my guest and work on the introduction for for for Saturday I mean uh mornings. There's no there's no there's no sleeping in in in my house because we have a puppy and he um like likes to to to get up really early. But today's a little bit different. I keep thinking like like like you know about our guest. Mrs. Whitman's story. I know her story is going going going to resonate with so like so many of you out there. I want want want you to listen. This one all you know I mean the way through. If you you you if you if you don't know. Mrs. Whitman, you're going to know her pretty pretty pretty well like so at the end of this half hour episode this half hour goes goes goes by fast. Now well I mean. I know this sounds like a Shameless plug plug plug but it isn't please share the uh well episode people need to hear her her her story. They need to hear about her resiliency. They well like need to hear about how how how she weather's so many different storms that have taken well so place in her her her life. Thanks for listening. Please let me know what you know so you think think think write a review. Hit me up on Twitter Facebook or Instagram or send me an email.
2GvXwQH473RcY6MZfIZS5g.txt: Hey guys, before we go into the episode. I want to talk you know know know uh to you about anchor if you haven't heard about anchor you are so so so missing out uh you know. Anchor is the easiest way to make a podcast. Not Not Not only that it's free. There are well well creation tools that will allow you to record record record and edit your podcast right from well um your phone or your computer. And And And the best thing is Anchor will um like distribute your podcast for you. So So So you can be heard on Spotify Apple podcasts Google you know like podcasts and many many many more. It's everything. You need you need you need to make a podcast podcast podcast all in one well okay place, so don't If we anchor up today or go go go to Anchor dot f m-- to you know like get started. Alright now, let's go go go into the episode. Hey, hey. Hey, what's up well I mean you guys? Welcome back back back to what's on your mind podcast. This is this is this is episode number four like like like uh and it's so crazy to think that we've been doing this together for I mean mean mean well four weeks. I guess what they say about time flies when you're having fun fun fun uh you know. It's true, or at least it's true for me. I hope hope hope it's true for you too. So I so I so I think you can guess that I use anchor to.
3APrVn7DBJsy3pk7FpR2sw.txt: socks rocks What today on everything reviewed we reveal socks? All right, start the the the music so uh Joe. We're recording now start with me. We got a a a intro. Yeah. Yeah do the music um um for the guest right right right now. Is this the show this is where in the uh um show now usually might might might go we say hello and introduce the podcast and then the okay you know music plays. Okay Okay Okay reviewed. We review everything we have a guest today. We're going to um well well well introduce him and let's go. That's right that's right that's right there now and now now now should I play the music? Yeah for yeah for yeah for sure played the Music started up today on the fucking.
5Y90QtJGMw04R6RqKw3pQr.txt: If you haven't heard about anchor it's the easiest way to make a well well well like podcast. Let me let me let me explain it's free. There's creation there's creation creation creation there's creation tools that allow you you know like to record and edit your your your podcast right from your phone or computer anger will distribute um so your podcast for for for you. So it so it so it can be heard on Spotify Apple podcast you you you know so and many more you can make money from your podcast with no no no minimum listenership. It's everything um I mean you need to make a podcast in one place place place. Hello everyone and welcome to okay I mean my podcast called condiment morning handicapped handicapped handicapped. Now this Pawn class is going to be about um I mean some of my life stories that I feel God is wanting me to inspire people using.
61qD2Hx7Jk0EXW2JdjWsbF.txt: Hey, what's going on? Y'all? It's your host to virus. So delayed so delayed so delayed delayed delayed welcome back like you know to the galley dating 101 podcast. We're so happy happy happy to be here with you all you know I mean. Whoo. Now the Thursday Thursday Thursday another podcast. So we so we so we finally got the lovely lady lady lady back. Yes. It's so um been a while a long Hiatus, but I am back. I'm I'm I'm glad to okay I mean be back. Thank you guys for all your support for for for listening to all the podcast okay um so far and don't forget to And suggestions, we we we love getting feedback and getting suggestions as uh I mean far as what podcast you you you would guys would like to hear what topics you'd so I mean like us us us to discuss. So we so we so we are in mind that if you you you are sending suggestions like so that there that you are not the only person person person right sending suggestion. So please okay um don't think you're being ignored. There are one too many emails and DMS to respond to.
4d57DjmzeMV7rn5NWsiF3d.txt: You are worshipping our praise to the Lord. Just wanna just wanna just wanna Just Just Just Wanna praise you you know I mean. It was gone. When I the Liv ahead. I understand that. I'm prayers I'm prayers I'm prayers of to my husband.
2jNGLxgJnBBhkl6BP0dRoJ.txt: Hello everyone today. I'd like to share a simple podcast about effective execution of of of strategy. So okay uh their focus is all about execution of strategy. Okay, Okay, Okay, many people come up with okay okay great ideas. Great strategies great initiatives and every every every year they spent countless hours you know I mean countless efforts of prepare. During During During creating recreating the till business plan or even set you know you know of of of strategic plans and sometimes they also hire very expensive Consultants to do okay well so, so, so, but the problem is sometimes most of the effort goes to waste why you know so so so because they don't really put extra effort to make sure that they do have a systematic approach to follow up follow through.
3Nl0NNUKu1ut96Ub9lq1BH.txt: So I guess we'll start off with a question this week. My first of of of okay I mean all, it's episode 4 for 4, fuck me and my feelings. Yeah Yeah Yeah. So anyway, so anyway, so anyway, okay uh Mike I'm gonna ask you you you a question. Yes watching. It's not a trick question well so. Okay. Do you think think think the Earth is flat? No good. I don't have to fucking kill uh like you you you because I was looking in the news. Out of the day that died. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, uh well you fucking doubt. He's fairly he said his whole life trying to prove prove prove the Earth is um like flat. He said he said he said he spent his his his days for $18,000 making a rocket. He said um like I happen when the rocket rocket rocket took off the parachute went off of it. Like here's like here's like here's here's here's the well well rocket the pair she fell out class as we we we could have been a fucking idiot. That's okay okay what you get for for for being a fucking idiot $18,000 built a whole rocket bro like like. That's That's That's like we like it's amazing. That's a nice Camry and SpaceX or $18,000 is like the chairs they put in that.
3yveWKAwSF6rONBwHtikMC.txt: Hi, I'm hi, I'm hi, I'm be and you're listening to the bubble. And today today today I'm interviewing had uh well girl Izzie Wilson about time management and and and how she does it. So is he do like you know you find it it it hard to balance time between all the stuff you do? Yes, it's you know uh uh uh very tricky to balance my time between the a-levels bought everything else had girl okay okay okay like duties, but it's such an essential skill. That you that you that you you you have to learn especially when doing uh well gcses and a-levels. So So So I so I so I have some days where I meant to be in in in uh okay three meetings at once which can be quite challenging. So I so I I I so I do need to have like like ways of getting around that that that which may involve meeting up with whoever is chairing um okay the meeting before and afterwards to find out what's discussed and but for my a-levels.
7Jyh9A8kqxrvKfjjcBWn17.txt: Hey friends, hey friends, hey friends, welcome to another episode of that sounds sounds sounds fun. I'm your host an EF down so like. So happy to be here with you you you today the music in the background, you like you know know, it's from our good good good buddy. Mr. Toren mr. Toren mr. Toren Wells make sure you grab a a a copy uh like of his new album citizen of Heaven. Hey friend. Just wanted to to to thank you okay okay for your kindness to Dave Kevin and his wife Jill this this this week continue to send well um your love prayers. And if you would like like like to donate to help them okay um it's again at pray for Jill.com. They They They on they on they on the show is one of my favorite like like the the the one of the OG bloggers one of the original people that were writing in our our our well like space one of my favorite friend. She's just hilarious Melanie Shankle. She's a a a well like New York Times bestseller and her most recent book just came out last last last week if called uh okay on the bright side and it is excellent. We jumped jumped jumped right in we haven't like like caught up in a little bit and I I I think you're going to enjoy just to proper catch up between good friends. So here's a conversation with.
2ltruy6bKnsYtFDfLMlO6E.txt: Hi, what is up? This is the podcast the good stuff. This is episode episode episode 7 you know I mean. I'm a to McFadden today. I'm joined with with with nollie. Hello, Maggie. So these I mean um are two very close friends of mine mine mine as of recent. I met them in college well um and we're all very different people but but but we get along like great and the thing so like is what's interesting interesting interesting is we're all different ethnicities were all different religious backgrounds. Grounds, we have like like like I mean different ideas. But the but the but the thing is were very close close close friends. And if anything that I mean okay like makes our friendship what it is. So So So anyway nollie. If you could go you know uh ahead and please tell me me me about your background how which like of course Walter My so um Religion because I I I practice theravada Buddhism and I grew up very Buddhist very strict up Buddhist Buddhist Buddhist upbringing for my grandparents. In fact, in fact, in fact, my grandfather was a monk for.
1CvO5knL0cCgK2FxBLTnQn.txt: Hello and welcome to vlogger History season 2 episode 2 My name is Ann Foster Foster Foster like you know. And this is a feminist women's history comedy podcast. I don't don't don't know why I well uh made there be so many words in explaining explaining explaining what it is, but I think I've um well explained it properly in every episode episode episode so far. So in season one, we were looking at so okay women who who who who made history by quote unquote misbehaving which is sort of like also not um um um so Don't quote misbehaving because several of them did murder people this season we're we're we're looking at women like like leaders and how men complained and were freaked out about it and how it's not so different from nowadays when.
